Effects of rice bran oil on the blood lipids profiles and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes patients; The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of rice bran oil consumption on plasma lipids and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes. Thirty-five patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a placebo group or a rice bran oil group. The placebo group consumed 250 mL soybean oil-modified milk (18 g soybean oil) daily for 5 weeks, and the rice bran oil group consumed 250 mL rice bran oil modified milk (18 g rice bran oil) daily for 5 weeks. At week 0 and week 5, anthropometric measurements, hematology tests, and an oral-glucose-tolerance test were conducted. The results showed that the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, the area under the curve for postprandial serum insulin, and serum low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations increased significantly in the placebo group. In the rice bran oil group, fasting and 2-h postprandial blood glucose concentrations and the area under the curve for postprandial plasma glucose increased significantly; however, total serum cholesterol and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly. However, the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance was not significantly different. Consumption of 18 g rice bran oil modified milk daily for 5 weeks significantly decreased total serum cholesterol concentrations and tended to decrease low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, no significant influence on insulin resistance was observed.
A low-carbohydrate protein-rich bedtime snack to control fasting and nocturnal glucose in type 2 diabetes: A randomized trial; In type 2 diabetes, liver insulin resistance and excess hepatic glucose production results in elevated fasting glucose. A bedtime snack has been recommended to improve fasting glucose, yet there is little evidence supporting this recommendation. Moreover, the optimal composition of a bedtime snack is unknown.
The conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer, t10c12-CLA, is inversely associated with changes in body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Isomers of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are found in beef, lamb and dairy products. Diets containing CLA reduce adipose mass in various depots of experimental animals. In addition, CLA delays the onset of diabetes in the ZDF rat model for obesity-linked type 2 diabetes mellitus. We hypothesize that there would be an inverse association of CLA with body weight and serum leptin in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus. In this double-blind study, subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus were randomized into one of two groups receiving either a supplement containing mixed CLA isomers (CLA-mix; 8.0 g daily, 76% pure CLA; n = 12) or a supplement containing safflower oil (placebo; 8.0 g daily safflower oil, n = 9) for 8 wk. The isomers of CLA in the CLA-mix supplement were primarily c9t11-CLA (similar to37%) and t10c12-CLA (similar to39%) in free fatty acid form. Plasma levels of CLA were inversely associated with body weight (P < 0.05) and serum leptin levels (P < 0.05). When levels of plasma t10c12-CLA isomer were correlated with changes in body weight or serum leptin, t10c12-CLA, but not c9t11-CLA, was inversely associated with body weights (P < 0.05) and serum leptin (P < 0.02). These findings strongly suggest that the t10c12-CLA isomer may be the bioactive isomer of CLA to influence the body weight changes observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Future studies are needed to determine a causal relationship, if any, of t10c12-CLA or c9t11-CLA to modulate body weight and composition in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, determining the ability of CLA isomers to influence glucose and lipid metabolism as well as markers of insulin sensitivity is imperative to understanding the role of CLA to aid in the management of type 2 diabetes and other related conditions of insulin resistance.
EFFECTS OF COOKED LENTILS ON GLYCEMIC CONTROL AND BLOOD LIPIDS OF PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes control is one of the main conflict issues in diabetes management. Scientists, recently, recommend [increasing low glycemic index (LGI) foods in dietary regimen. The effects of cooked lentil as a low glycemic index food on serum blood glucose and lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients has been investigated in this study.
Effect of dairy consumption and its fat content on glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled study; Background: Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommend the consumption of 3 servings/d of low-fat/nonfat dairy. The effects of higher dairy consumption and its fat content are unknown in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Mediterranean diet for type 2 diabetes: cardiometabolic benefits; Dietary patterns influence various cardiometabolic risk factors, including body weight, lipoprotein concentrations, and function, blood pressure, glucose-insulin homeostasis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial health. The Mediterranean diet can be described as a dietary pattern characterized by the high consumption of plant-based foods, olive oil as the main source of fat, low-to-moderate consumption of fish, dairy products and poultry, low consumption of red and processed meat, and low-to-moderate consumption of wine with meals. The American Diabetes Association and the American Heart Association recommend Mediterranean diet for improving glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. Prospective studies show that higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a 20-23 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes, while the results of randomized controlled trials show that Mediterranean diet reduces glycosylated hemoglobin levels by 0.30-0.47 %, and is also associated with a 28-30 % reduced risk for cardiovascular events. The mechanisms by which Mediterranean diet produces its cardiometabolic benefits in type 2 diabetes are, for the most, anti-inflammatory and antioxidative: increased consumption of high-quality foods may cool down the activation of the innate immune system, by reducing the production of proinflammatory cytokines while increasing that of anti-inflammatory cytokines. This may favor the generation of an anti-inflammatory milieu, which in turn may improve insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissues and endothelial function at the vascular level and ultimately act as a barrier to the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and development of atherosclerosis.
Soya protein does not affect glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes; Evidence from observational, animal and human studies supports a role for soya protein and its isoflavones in the improvement of glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes. The objective of the present study was to determine the effect of isoflavone-rich soya protein on markers of glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes. Using a randomised, crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n 29) consumed soya protein isolate (SPI) and milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57d each separated by a 4-week washout. Blood was collected on days 1 and 57 of each treatment period for analysis of fasting HbA1C, and fasting and postprandial glucose, insulin and calculated indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. Urine samples of 24h were collected at the end of each treatment period for analysis of isoflavones. Urinary isoflavone excretion was significantly greater following consumption of SPI compared with MPI, and 20.7% of the subjects (n 6) were classified as equol excretors. SPI consumption did not significantly affect fasting or postprandial glucose or insulin, fasting MAW, or indices of insulin sensitivity and resistance. These data do not support a role for soya protein in the improvement of glycaemic control in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes and contribute to a limited literature of human studies on the effects of soya protein on the management of type 2 diabetes.
Probiotic reduces bacterial translocation in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study; Gut bacterial translocation to the blood may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes. Here, we performed an interventional randomised control study to investigate whether probiotics could reduce bacterial translocation and cause changes in the gut microbiota. Seventy Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes were randomised to two groups: the probiotic group drank Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota-fermented milk, while the control group ingested no probiotics. The trial was conducted for 16 weeks. At baseline, 8 and 16 weeks, the gut microbiota composition in feces and blood, fecal organic acids, and other biochemical parameters were measured. At the end of the study, the fecal counts of the Clostridium coccoides group and Clostridium leptum subgroup in the probiotic group were significantly higher than in the control group. As expected, the fecal counts of total Lactobacillus were significantly higher in the probiotic group. Intriguingly, the total count of blood bacteria was significantly lower in the probiotic group. However, fecal organic acids were comparable between the two groups. Our results showed that probiotic administration reduced bacterial translocation and altered the gut microbiota in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Elevations in plasma glucagon are associated with reduced insulin clearance after ingestion of a mixed-macronutrient meal in people with and without type 2 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis The temporal suppression of insulin clearance after glucose ingestion is a key determinant of glucose tolerance for people without type 2 diabetes. Whether similar adaptations are observed after the ingestion of a mixed-macronutrient meal is unclear.
Dietary practices among patients with type 2 diabetes in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Objective of the study was to describe the dietary practices of Saudis with type two diabetes and to compare these with the recommended practices. A total of 222 Saudi Arabian patients (120 females and 102 males) with type 2 diabetes were recruited randomly from the Diabetic Centre at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Anonymous questionnaires and 24-hour dietary recall were completed by the participants. The questionnaires included data on daily dietary intake; number and regularity of snacks; food items used in snacks; use of sugar, soft drinks and dairy products; and intake of fruits, vegetables, meat and chicken. The response to each question was scored from 1 (poor practice) to 3 (good practice). Laboratory data for glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood sugar, serum triglycerides and serum cholesterol values were extracted from medical records. The overall mean dietary practice was 2.05 +/- 0.46. The highest mean dietary practice was obtained for the number of regular meals eaten daily (2.56 +/- 0.34) with the highest percentage (59.9%) occurring for three meals. The lowest mean dietary practice was obtained for the number of times fruits and vegetables were eaten (1.24 +/- 0.22), with the highest percentage (81.5%) occurring for moderate consumption (1-2) times per week. Complying with dietician visits also had a low mean score (1.57 +/- 0.31), with highest percentage (78.8%) occurring for no visits. The average total energy intake was 1481.4 kcal/day. Carbohydrates, fiber, protein and fat consumption were 210.7, 24.3, 85.6, and 51.4 g/day, respectively. Cholesterol was 118.4 mg/day. Fat consumption was 51.4% of total energy intake, with saturated fat at 4.8%, monounsaturated fat at 11.3%, and polyunsaturated fat at 9.5% of total energy consumed. About 50% of the participants met the ADA recommendation for saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat and monounsaturated fat. Lipid profiles and blood glucose levels were not in line with recommendations for most of the participants, with percentages exceeding 75% for fasting blood sugar level and HBA1c. Based on these findings, the dietary practices of diabetic patients are inadequate and effective dietary intervention is needed.
Effect of microbial cell preparation on renal profile and liver function among type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The beneficial effect of probiotics on renal profile and liver function has been reported among patients with chronic kidney disease and fatty liver respectively. However, its effect on renal profile and liver function among type 2 diabetic individuals has not been fully understood. To investigate the effect of microbial cell preparation on renal profile and liver function tests among type 2 diabetic individuals.
Probiotic yogurt improves antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients; Objective: Oxidative stress plays a major role in the pathogenesis and progression of diabetes. Among various functional foods with an antioxidant effect, probiotic foods have been reported to repress oxidative stress. The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on blood glucose and antioxidant status in type 2 diabetic patients.
Milk consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review of Mendelian randomization studies; Aims: Previously, no relationship between milk consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes has been found in prospective cohorts. However, Mendelian randomization allows re-searchers to almost bypass much residual confounding, providing a more precise effect estimate.This systematic review aims to investigate the risk of type 2 diabetes and levels of HbA1c by assessing all Mendelian Randomization studies investigating this subject matter. Data synthesis: PubMed and EMBASE were searched from October 2021 through February 2023. Inclusion and exclusion criteria were formulated to filter out irrelevant studies. Studies were qualitatively assessed with STROBE-MR together with a list of five MR criteria. Six studies were identified, containing several thousand participants. All studies used the SNP rs4988235 as the main exposure and type 2 diabetes and/or HbA1c as the main outcome. Five studies were graded as "good" with STROBE-MR, with one graded as "fair". For the six MR criteria, five studies were graded "good" in four criteria, while two studies were graded "good" in two criteria. Overall, genetically predicted milk consumption did not seem to be associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes.Conclusions: This systematic review found that genetically predicted milk consumption did not seem to increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Future Mendelian randomization studies concerning this topic should consider conducting two-sample Mendelian Randomization studies, in order to derive a more valid effect estimate.& COPY; 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Effects of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Obesity, Insulin Resistance Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Review of Human Clinical Trials; The use of probiotics and synbiotics in the prevention and treatment of different disorders has dramatically increased over the last decade. Both probiotics and synbiotics are well known ingredients of functional foods and nutraceuticals and may provide beneficial health effects because they can influence the intestinal microbial ecology and immunity. The present study reviews the effects of probiotics and synbiotics on obesity, insulin resistance syndrome (IRS), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in human randomized clinical trials. Select probiotics and synbiotics provided beneficial effects in patients with obesity, mainly affecting the body mass index and fat mass. Some probiotics had beneficial effects on IRS, decreasing the cell adhesion molecule-1 levels, and the synbiotics decreased the insulin resistance and plasma lipid levels. Moreover, select probiotics improved the carbohydrate metabolism, fasting blood glucose, insulin sensitivity and antioxidant status and also reduced metabolic stress in subjects with T2D. Some probiotics and synbiotics improved the liver and metabolic parameters in patients with NAFLD. The oral intake of probiotics and synbiotics as co-adjuvants for the prevention and treatment of obesity, IRS, T2D and NAFLD is partially supported by the data shown in the present review. However, further studies are required to understand the precise mechanism of how probiotics and synbiotics affect these metabolic disorders.
Vitamin D Status, Calcium Intake and Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes: An Unresolved Issue; The relationship between vitamin D status, calcium intake and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a topic of growing interest. One of the most interesting non-skeletal functions of vitamin D is its potential role in glucose homeostasis. This possible association is related to the secretion of insulin by pancreatic beta cells, insulin resistance in different tissues and its influence on systemic inflammation. However, despite multiple observational studies and several meta-analyses that have shown a positive association between circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations and the risk of T2D, no randomized clinical trials supplementing with different doses of vitamin D have confirmed this hypothesis definitively. An important question is the identification of what 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels are necessary to influence glycemic homeostasis and the risk of developing T2D. These values of vitamin D can be significantly higher than vitamin D levels required for bone health, but the currently available data do not allow us to answer this question adequately. Furthermore, a large number of observational studies show that dairy consumption is linked to a lower risk of T2D, but the components responsible for this relationship are not well established. Therefore, the importance of calcium intake in the risk of developing T2D has not yet been established. Although there is a biological plausibility linking the status of vitamin D and calcium intake with the risk of T2D, well-designed randomized clinical trials are necessary to answer this important question.
Hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic adult patients at Debre Berhan Referral Hospital, Northeast Ethiopia: A comparative cross-sectional study; Background Diabetes is a global public health problem and associated with metabolic, cellular, and blood disturbances. Hematological changes have been reported in diabetes and play a major role in diabetes-associated complications. However, reports are contradicting and data on hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic patients in the study area are scarce. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the hematological parameters of type 2 diabetic adult patients at Debre Berhan Referral Hospital, Northeast Ethiopia from May 01 to June 30, 2020.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus; Probiotic therapies are going to be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy in the treatment and management of diabetes. The mechanism behind the essential effects of probiotic therapies in diabetic patients was not fully understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarum A7 on inflammation, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, and serum adiponectin among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Forty patients with type 2 diabetes, at the age of 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing L. planetarum A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/ day of pure soy milk for 8 weeks. Serum TNF-alpha, C reactive protein, adiponectin, lipid profile, and fasting blood glucose were determined before and after intervention. In intervention group, serum adiponectin in pre-and post-treatment did not show any significant changes (2.52 +/- 0.74 vs 2.84 +/- 0.61, P = 0.658), as well as changes in serum TNF-alpha and C reactive protein (172.44 +/- 5.7 vs 172.83 +/- 7.6, P = 0.278, 4.2 +/- 1.4 vs 4.5 +/- 1.9, P = 0.765, respectively). Low-density cholesterol and high-density cholesterol changed significantly (P = 0.023, P = 0.017, respectively), but fasting blood glucose did not show any significant changes. The results of this study showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk and soy milk has no effect on serum adiponectin and inflammation, but it can change lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
The Effect of Probiotic Yogurt on Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes or Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Randomized Controlled Trials; Probiotic yogurt is suggested as a nutritional approach in type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic outcomes in T2D or obesity. The databases used to search for RCTs included Medline and Scopus. The RCTs were eligible if outcomes included selected glycemic markers. In nine eligible trials, 237 and 235 subjects were in treatment (probiotic yogurt) and control (mostly conventional yogurt) groups, respectively. There was no significant difference for pooled unstandardized mean difference (USMD) hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by probiotic yogurt compared with the control in T2D (USMD: -0.366; 95% CI: -0.755, 0.024, p = 0.066) and obesity (USMD: 0.116, 95% CI: -0.007, 0.238, p = 0.065). Similarly, there were no effects of probiotic yogurt on fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, or insulin resistance (estimated by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in either T2D or obesity. In conclusion, the present meta-analysis has not demonstrated the benefits of consuming probiotic compared with conventional yogurt for improving glucose control in patients with diabetes or obesity. Larger trials are needed to verify the benefits of probiotic and/or conventional yogurt or other probiotic fermented milk (e.g., kefir) on glycemic markers in patients with diabetes and obesity.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Alteration in plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile has been documented in diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on lipid profile in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Materials and Methods: A total of 44 patients with type 2 diabetes aged 30-60 years old who had low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) >= 100 mg/dl enrolled in this randomized, double - blind controlled trial and were assigned to two intervention and control groups. The subjects in the intervention group consumed 300 g/d probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 and subjects in the control group consumed 300 g/d conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Anthropometric indices, dietary intake, and serum lipid profile were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention. Independent-sample t-test, paired sample t-test, ANCOVA, and repeated measures were used for statistical analysis. Results: The consumption of probiotic yogurt caused significant decrease in LDL-c/high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (3.13 +/- 1.00-2.07 +/- 0.71, P = 0.016). The levels of HDL-c were increased significantly (43.66 +/- 6.80-50.42 +/- 6.64, P = 0.023) in the intervention group postintervention. However, there were no significant differences in triglyceride and total cholesterol levels between two groups postintervention (P < 0.05). Conclusion: It is suggested that probiotic yogurt consumption may be used as an alternative prevention approach and treatment method to improve dyslipidemia in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Legume and soy intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Previous findings on the associations of legume and soy intake with the risk of type 2 diabetes are conflicting.
Ethanol with a mixed meal decreases the incretin levels early postprandially and increases postprandial lipemia in type 2 diabetic patients; Increased postprandial lipemia is a risk marker of cardiovascular disease (CVD). While moderate alcohol drinking is associated with a reduced risk of CVD in nondiabetic and type 2 diabetic patients, it is also known that alcohol increases postprandial triacylglycerol levels. The incretins, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), are important hormones from the gut that enhance nutrient-stimulated insulin secretion. Their responses to a moderate alcohol dose in type 2 diabetes have not previously been studied. We sought to determine how alcohol influences postprandial lipid and incretin levels in patients with type 2 diabetes when taken in combination with a fat-rich mixed meal. Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes ingested on 3 separate days in random order 3 different meals containing: 100 g butter alone or 100 g butter in combination with 40 g alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate, or 100 g butter and 120 g carbohydrate. The meal with alcohol and 50 g carbohydrate was isocaloric to that of 120 g carbohydrate. Triacylglycerol levels were measured after separation by ultracentrifugation into a chylomicron-rich fraction with Svedberg flotation unit values (Sf) > 1,000, and a chylomicron-poor fraction with Sf < 1,000. Supplementation of a fat-rich mixed meal with alcohol in type 2 diabetic subjects suppressed GLP-1 early in the postprandial phase and increased the late triacylglycerol responses compared with the 2 other meals. In the chylomicron-rich fraction, both triacylglycerol and cholesterol were increased by alcohol. No significant differences in high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol levels were seen. Isocaloric amounts of carbohydrate and alcohol suppressed equally the postprandial free fatty acid levels, but carbohydrate increased the postprandial glucose, GIP, and insulin levels the most. Early in the postprandial phase, alcohol suppresses the incretin responses and increases the late postprandial triacylglycerol levels in type 2 diabetic patients. Whether this reflects an alcohol-induced suppression of the incretin response, which adds to the alcohol-induced impairment of triacylglycerol clearance in type 2 diabetic patients, remains to be elucidated. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Differences in the prospective association between individual plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acids and incident type 2 diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study; Background Conflicting evidence exists regarding the association between saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and type 2 diabetes. In this longitudinal case-cohort study, we aimed to investigate the prospective associations between objectively measured individual plasma phospholipid SFAs and incident type 2 diabetes in EPIC-InterAct participants.
Effect of probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> and <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> on lipid profile in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of probiotic and conventional yogurt on the lipid profile in type 2 diabetic people. In a randomized double-blind controlled trial, 60 people (23 males and 37 females) with type 2 diabetes and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) greater than 2.6 mmol/L were assigned to 2 groups. Participants consumed daily 300 g of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 or 300 g of conventional yogurt for 6 wk. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements and 3-d, 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the trial. Probiotic yogurt consumption caused a 4.54% decrease in total cholesterol and a 7.45% decrease in LDL-C compared with the control group. No significant changes from baseline were shown in triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in the probiotic group. The total cholesterol:HDL-C ratio and LDL-C:HDL-C ratio as atherogenic indices significantly decreased in the probiotic group compared with the control group. Probiotic yogurt improved total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations in type 2 diabetic people and may contribute to the improvement of cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Beverage-Consumption Patterns and Associations with Metabolic Risk Factors among Low-Income Latinos with Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes; In the United States, Latinos experience disproportionately higher rates of type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related complications than non-Latino whites. Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is strongly associated with increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Reducing caloric intake, particularly from energy-dense, low-nutrient foods or beverages, can be an effective and key strategy for metabolic and weight control. However, little is known about the contribution of various types of beverages, including but not limited to SSBs, to total caloric intake among Latinos with type 2 diabetes. Low-income Latinos (87.7% Puerto Rican) participating in a diabetes self-management intervention trial (N=238) provided cross-sectional, descriptive data on beverage-consumption patterns, anthropometric outcomes, and metabolic characteristics. Beverages accounted for one fifth of the total daily caloric intake. SSBs and milk beverages, respectively, contributed 9.6% of calories to overall daily caloric intake. Interventions directed at diabetes risk factors among low-income Latinos with diabetes can benefit from consideration of beverage-consumption behaviors as an important strategy to reduce caloric and sugar intake.
Impact of Egg Consumption on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes and at Risk for Developing Diabetes: A Systematic Review of Randomized Nutritional Intervention Studies; Observational studies have reported inconclusive results regarding the relationship between egg consumption (and dietary cholesterol) and the risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in individuals with type 2 diabetes, which has led to inconsistent recommendations to patients. We reviewed the evidence of egg consumption on major CVD risk factors in individuals with or at risk for type 2 diabetes (prediabetes, insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome). We performed a systematic search in the databases PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE and Web of Science in January 2016. Inclusion criteria included randomized controlled trials in which the amount of egg consumed was manipulated and compared to a control group that received no-egg or low-egg diets (<2 eggs/week). We found 10 articles (6 original trials) that met our inclusion criteria. The majority of studies found that egg consumption did not affect major CVD risk factors. Consumption of 6 to 12 eggs per week had no impact on plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, insulin or C-reactive protein in all studies that reported these outcomes in comparison with control groups. An increase in high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol with egg consumption was observed in 4 of 6 studies. Results from randomized controlled trials suggest that consumption of 6 to 12 eggs per week, in the context of a diet that is consistent with guidelines on cardiovascular health promotion, has no adverse effect on major CVD risk factors in individuals at risk for developing diabetes or with type 2 diabetes. However, heterogeneities in study design, population included and interventions prevent firm conclusions from being drawn. (C) 2017 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Ameliorative Effects of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> NL41 on Insulin Sensitivity, Oxidative Stress, and Beta-Cell Function in a Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rat Model; Scope The present study aims to assess the antidiabetic effect of Lactobacillus paracasei strain NL41 and its potential mechanisms in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) induced by a high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin administration (HFD/STZ). Methods and results Eighteen Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats are randomly assigned to three groups: one control, one HFD/STZ model, and one HFD/STZ-Lactobacillus protection group with administration of strain NL41 for 12 weeks. Blood is collected for biochemical parameters analysis and tissue samples for histological analysis. Treatment with strain NL41 results in excellent blood glucose regulation and significantly decreases insulin resistance, and HbA1c, glucagon, and leptin levels, accompanied by remarkable improvement of dyslipidemia and oxidative stress status in the animals. Islets of Langerhans, liver, and kidney are significantly protected in the NL41-treated rats compared to the HFD/STZ-T2DM model rats. Histochemistry shows that strain NL41 inhibits beta-cell loss and alpha-cell expansion, indicating pancreatic islets as the targeted tissues for the primary ameliorative effect of the probiotic strain on HFD/STZ-T2DM rats. Crosstalk between the gut-liver and liver-pancreas endocrine axes is discussed. Conclusion Probiotic strain NL41 prevents HFD/STZ-T2DM by decreasing insulin resistance and oxidative stress status, and protecting beta-cell function.
Dairy intake and type 2 diabetes risk factors: A narrative review; Aim: The interest regarding the potential role of dairy products in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has emerged. Although results remain mixed, numerous cohort studies have shown that increased dairy consumption is inversely associated with T2D risk. This narrative review evaluates the recent evidence of dairy products intake on T2D risk factors for the prevention of T2D.
Functional foods in the management of obesity and type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review The aim of this article is to evaluate food properties able to influence specific physiological targets that maybe helpful for the prevention and management of overweight and diabetes.
Probiotics for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A review of randomized controlled trials; With the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), there is increased interest in probiotic supplementation for improving glycaemic control. This review evaluates nine randomized controlled trials that tested the effects of probiotics on glycaemic outcomes including fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin, haemoglobin A1c, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance among adults with T2DM. Based on the evidence reviewed, multistrain probiotics that contain seven million to 100 billion colony forming units of Lactobacillus acidophilus, Streptococcus thermophilus, Lactobacillus bulgaricus, and/or Bifidobacterium lactis administered for 6 to 12 weeks may be efficacious for improving glycaemic control in adults with T2DM. Further research is needed to understand the role of the gut microbiota and the probiotic dose, medium, and duration of exposure that is most effective for disease management.
Milk Powder Co-Supplemented with Inulin and Resistant Dextrin Improves Glycemic Control and Insulin Resistance in Elderly Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A 12-Week Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Scope The objective of the present study is to evaluate the effects of milk powder co-supplemented with inulin and resistant dextrin (MPCIR) on elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods and results A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial is carried out among elderly T2DM patients. The subjects recruited from the community are randomly assigned to either the MPCIR group or placebo group for 12 weeks intervention. Each group receives 45 g milk powder with or without inulin and resistant dextrin. Anthropometric and metabolic variables are measured. For the MPCIR group, systolic blood pressure (BP) and diastolic BP are reduced significantly by 5.45 and 4.56 mm Hg (p < 0.001, vs placebo group), respectively. Compared with the placebo group, the fasting and 2-h postprandial plasma glucose levels, glycosylated serum protein, and insulin resistance index of the MPCIR group are significantly decreased by 0.96 mmol L-1, 1.47 mmol L-1, 16.33 mu mol L-1, and 0.65 respectively (p < 0.001). The MPCIR group shows an increase by 7.09 mu IU mL(-1) and 20.43 in 2-h postprandial insulin (p = 0.016) and beta-cell function index (p < 0.001), respectively. Conclusion MPCIR supplementation helps to improve glycemic control, insulin resistance, and blood pressure.
Effects of probiotic supplementation in patients with type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis; Context: The rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes requires increased efforts to find effective therapeutic agents for this complex condition. Following the recent observation that the gut microbiota is altered in diabetic patients, researchers investigated the effect of probiotics in patients with diabetes. Objective: The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effects of probiotic consumption on glycemic control in diabetic patients. Data Sources: PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science (formerly ISI Web of Knowledge), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses databases were searched up to November 2015. Study Selection: Clinical trials in diabetic patients in whom probiotics were administered as an intervention were included. Data Extraction: Primary outcomes were fasting blood glucose, insulin concentration, insulin resistance, and hemoglobin A1c. Secondary outcomes were adverse events. Data Synthesis: Of the 2736 reports that were screened, 13 clinical trials met the inclusion criteria. Pooling data from eligible clinical trials revealed that probiotic supplementation significantly (P<0.05) decreased fasting blood glucose and hemoglobin A1c in diabetic patients, although the participants' characteristics (eg, body mass index) and the number and type of probiotic microorganisms affected the clinical response. Conclusions: Administration of probiotics appears to have a beneficial role in the management of type 2 diabetes; however, more clinical studies with adequate sample sizes and sound methodology are required to inform the development of evidence-based treatment guidelines.
Probiotics have beneficial metabolic effects in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics have been reported to have a positive impact on the metabolic control of patients with type 2 diabetes. We aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of probiotics on cardiometabolic parameters in type 2 diabetes based on randomized controlled studies. MEDLINE, Embase, and CENTRAL databases were reviewed to search for randomized controlled trials that examined the effects of probiotic supplementation on cardiometabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes. 32 trials provided results suitable to be included in the analysis. The effects of probiotics were calculated for the following parameters: BMI, total cholesterol levels, LDL, triglycerides, HDL, CRP, HbA1c levels, fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin levels, systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. Data analysis showed a significant effect of probiotics on reducing total cholesterol, triglyceride levels, CRP, HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin levels, and both systolic and diastolic blood pressure values. Supplementation with probiotics increased HDL levels however did not have a significant effect on BMI or LDL levels. Our data clearly suggest that probiotics could be a supplementary therapeutic approach in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients to improve dyslipidemia and to promote better metabolic control. According to our analysis, probiotic supplementation is beneficial in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A Paleolithic Diet with and without Combined Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Increases Functional Brain Responses and Hippocampal Volume in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is associated with impaired episodic memory functions and increased risk of different dementing disorders. Diet and exercise may potentially reverse these impairments. In this study, sedentary individuals with type 2 diabetes treated by lifestyle +/- metformin were randomized to a Paleolithic diet (PD, n = 12) with and without high intensity exercise (PDEX, n = 12) for 12 weeks. Episodic memory function, associated functional brain responses and hippocampal gray matter volume was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. A matched, but not randomized, non-interventional group was included as a reference (n = 6). The PD included a high intake of unsaturated fatty acids and protein, and excluded the intake of dairy products, grains, refined sugar and salt. The exercise intervention consisted of 180 min of supervised aerobic and resistance exercise per week. Both interventions induced a significant weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity and increased peak oxygen uptake without any significant group differences. Furthermore, both interventions were associated with increased functional brain responses within the right anterior hippocampus, right inferior occipital gyrus and increased volume of the right posterior hippocampus. There were no changes in memory performance. We conclude that life-style modification may improve neuronal plasticity in brain areas linked to cognitive function in type 2 diabetes. Putative long-term effects on cognitive functions including decreased risk of dementing disorders await further studies. Clinical trials registration number:
Adjunctive Probio-X Treatment Enhances the Therapeutic Effect of a Conventional Drug in Managing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus by Promoting Short-Chain Fatty Acid-Producing Bacteria and Bile Acid Pathways; Metformin is a common drug for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus; however, it causes various adverse gastrointestinal effects, especially after prolonged treatment. It is thus of interest to identify an adjuvant treatment that synergizes with the efficacy of metformin while mitigating its adverse effects. Since previous evidence supports that the gut microbiota is a target of metformin, this study investigated the beneficial effect and mechanism of the coadministration of probiotics with metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus by conducting a 3-month randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial (n = 27 and 21 in the probiotic and placebo groups, respectively, who completed the trial). Clinical results showed that the coadministration of probiotics with metformin significantly reduced glycated hemoglobin compared with metformin taken alone (P < 0.05). Metagenomic and metabolomic analyses showed that the coadministration of probiotics increased the abundance of gut short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria and bile acids. Significantly or marginally more bile acids and related metabolites were detected in the probiotic group than in the placebo group postintervention. Taken together, the results of our study showed that the coadministration of probiotics with metformin synergized with the hypoglycemic effect in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, which was likely through modulating the gut microbiome and, subsequently, SCFA and bile acid metabolism. Our findings support that cotreatment with probiotics and metformin is beneficial to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.IMPORTANCE Metformin causes variable adverse gastrointestinal effects, especially after prolonged treatment. We found that cotreatment with Probio-X and metformin for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus may promote gut SCFA-producing bacteria and the levels of specific bile acids, thus increasing the secretion of related gastrointestinal hormones and ultimately improving glucose homeostasis.
Probiotics for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: To systematically review evidence of probiotic interventions against type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and analyse the effects of probiotics on glycaemic control among T2DM patients.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial on probiotic soy milk and soy milk: effects on epigenetics and oxidative stress in patients with type II diabetes; This clinical trial aimed to discover the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on MLH1 and MSH2 promoter methylation, and oxidative stress among type II diabetic patients. Forty patients with type II diabetes mellitus aged 35-68 years were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. Patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarumA7, while those in the control group consumed 200 ml/d of conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the study, respectively. Probiotic soy milk significantly decreased promoter methylation in proximal and distal MLH1 promoter region (P < 0.01 and P < 0.0001, respectively) compared with the baseline values, while plasma concentration of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) decreased significantly compared with soy milk (P < 0.05). In addition, a significant increase in superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was observed in probiotic soy milk group compared with baseline value (P < 0.01). There were no significant changes from baseline in the promoter methylation of MSH2 within either group (P > 0.05). The consumption of probiotic soy milk improved antioxidant status in type II diabetic patients and may decrease promoter methylation among these patients, indicating that probiotic soy milk is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy: A double-blind randomized clinical trial; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are among the most common complications of diabetes. Lipid abnormalities in diabetic patients are not only related to higher risk of CVD, but also accelerate the progression of diabetic nephropathy. To the best of our knowledge, there is no study that has assessed the effects of probiotic soy milk on lipid profile in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Objective: The current study was designed to examine the effects of consumption of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 compared with conventional soy milk on lipid panel in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. Methods: A total of 44 type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy were randomly assigned to receive 200 ml/day of either probiotic soy milk (n=22) or conventional soy milk (n=22) for eight weeks, in this randomized double-blind clinical trial. Fasting blood samples were taken at the beginning and after eight weeks of the intervention for analysis of lipid profile and other relevant variables. P values < 0.05 were considered as statistically significant. Results: Consumption of probiotic soy milk for 8 weeks led to an increase in serum genistein (17.6 +/- 15.3 vs. 4.5 +/- 2.3, p=0.002) and eGFR (15.9 +/- 10.8 vs. 3.2 +/- 8.4, p<0.001) compared with conventional soy milk. Additionally probiotic soy milk resulted in decreased LDL-cholesterol (-9.2 +/- 10.4 vs. -2.2 +/- 5.2, p=0.01), total cholesterol (-12.4 +/- 4.8 vs. -4.87 +/- 14.7, p=0.04), non-HDL cholesterol (-15.3 +/- 4.5 vs. -5.9 +/- 14.7, p=0.01) and serum TG (-14.6 +/- 12.5 vs. -3.9 +/- 9.3, p=0.007) compared with control group. We did not detect any significant effect of probiotic soy milk on serum HDL-cholestrol (1.11 +/- 3.38 vs. 0.90 +/- 2.7, p=0.8) and serum phosphorus (-0.14 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.05 +/- 0.5, p=0.1). Conclusion: Administration of soy milk containing lactobacillus plantarum A7 in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy had beneficial effects on lipid profile and glomerular function, but did not affect HDL-cholesterol. In addition probiotic soy milk did not result in a significant elevation in the serum phosphorus concentration.
Effect of Camel Milk on Blood Sugar and Lipid Profile of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Clinical Trial; Background: most of these studies were conducted on patients with type 1 diabetes, whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In vitro experiments have shown that camel milk was able to decrease blood glucose concentration.
Relationship between dietary patterns and diabetic microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the relationship between different dietary patterns and diabetic microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Combined Interval Training and Post-exercise Nutrition in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Control Trial; Background: High-intensity interval training (HIIT) can improve several aspects of cardiometabolic health. Previous studies have suggested that adaptations to exercise training can be augmented with post-exercise milk or protein consumption, but whether this nutritional strategy can impact the cardiometabolic adaptations to HIIT in type 2 diabetes is unknown.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized double blind clinical controlled trial; Background It has been recently reported that lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) may predict the risk of cardiovascular disease. The effect of multi-strain probiotics on Lp-PLA2 in patients with type 2 diabetes is still not clear.Aims This study aimed to determine the effect of multi-strain probiotic supplementation on lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2, and glycemic status, lipid profile, and body composition in patients with type 2 diabetes.Methods In this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 68 participants with type 2 diabetes, in the age group of 50-65 years, were recruited and randomly allocated to take either probiotic (n = 34) or placebo (n = 34) for 12 weeks. The primary outcome was lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2, and secondary outcomes were glycemic parameters, lipid profile, anthropometric characters, and body composition (fat mass and fat-free mass).Results: There was a significant reduction in serum lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2, in the probiotic group, it dropped by 6.4 units at the end of the study (p < 0.001) compared to the placebo group. Probiotic supplementation also resulted in a significant improvement in the hemoglobin A1c and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol 1.5% (p < 0.001) and 6 mg/dl (p 0.005), respectively. There were no significant changes in other outcomes.Conclusion Probiotic supplementation was beneficial for reducing Lp-PLA2 and hemoglobin-A1c and improving high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, which may suggest an improvement in the prognosis in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of an Iranian traditional fermented food consumption on blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile in type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background Ash-Kardeh is one of the few fermented foods without a dairy base in Iran, which is traditionally prepared from cereals and plants in the presence of microorganisms (mainly lactic acid bacteria).
Dietary Attitude of Adults with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background and Objectives: There is a paucity of literature on the dietary attitude (DA) of patients with type 2 diabetes in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). Although the prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) is high in Gulf countries, there remains a lack of understanding of the importance of dietary behavior in diabetes management among patients. Understanding the behavior of patients with diabetes towards the disease requires knowledge of their DA. Therefore, this study aimed to assess and evaluate the DA of type 2 diabetes patients, and it is the first of its kind in the KSA. Material and Methods: An analytical cross-sectional study was conducted among 350 patients with type 2 diabetes. A self-administered DA questionnaire was used to collect the data. Psychometric properties of the questionnaire were assessed by face validity, content validity, exploratory factor analysis, and internal consistency reliability. The data were collected using a systematic random sampling technique. Results: The overall DA of the patients was inappropriate (p = 0.014). Patients had an inappropriate DA towards food selection (p = 0.003), healthy choices (p = 0.005), food restraint (p < 0.001), health impact (p < 0.001), and food categorization (p = 0.033). A poor DA was also observed in relation to the consumption of red meat (p <0.001), rice (p < 0.001), soup and sauces (p = 0.040), dairy products (p = 0.015), and junk food (p < 0.001). Conclusions: It is highly recommended that patients with diabetes receive counseling with an empowerment approach, as this can bring about changes in their dietary behavior, which is deeply rooted in their daily routine. Healthcare providers should also be well-informed about patients' attitudes and beliefs towards diabetes to design tailored educational and salutary programs for this specific community. Diabetes self-management educational programs should also be provided on a regular basis with a special emphasis on diet and its related components.
EFFECT OF RAW CAMEL MILK IN TYPE 2 DIABETES ANIMAL MODELS AND PATIENTS: TEN MONTHS RANDOMISED STUDY; The efficacy of camel milk consumption as an adjunct to routine diabetes management in maintaining long-term glycaemia control in type 2 diabetes was assessed by 32 type 2 diabetes animal models and 12 patients. Thirty-two obese diabetic rats were divided into 4 groups according to method of random digits table. After 14 weeks treatment, it was observed that no significant variance compared Rosiglitazone Maleate group, Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group and camel milk group with normal group. In blood glucose, blood triglycerides, blood total cholesterol, and plasma insulin there were a statistically significant change compared with diabetes group. Rosiglitazone Maleate group and Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group showed significant variance in blood triglycerides (0.68+/-0.19 vs. 0.51+/-0.11 p<0.05), plasma insulin (43.52+/-18.93 vs. 26.49+/-5.60 p<0.05). Rosiglitazone Maleate+calnel milk group was more similar to normal group. Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group had better treatment of type 2 diabetes animal models than Rosiglitazone Maleate group.
Postprandial Triglyceride-Rich Lipoproteins from Type 2 Diabetic Women Stimulate Platelet Activation Regardless of the Fat Source in the Meal; Scope The aim of this study is to examine whether postprandial (PP) triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) secreted after a moderate fat intake would activate platelets differently according to their fatty acid (FA) composition. Methods and results In a parallel single-blind randomized trial, 30 women with type 2 diabetes are assigned a breakfast containing 20 g lipids from butter versus hazelnut-cocoa spread (HCS) rich in palm oil. Blood samples are collected at fasting and 4 h PP. FA composition of fasting and PP TGRL and their effects on the activation of platelets from healthy blood donors are assessed. Both breakfasts similarly increase plasma ApoB-48, plasma, and TGRL triglycerides (p < 0.05). TGRL mean diameter increases after both breakfasts and is greater after the butter breakfast. Both breakfasts are rich in palmitic acid, and the HCS breakfast contains 45% oleic acid. TGRL FA composition reflects the dietary FA composition. Pre-incubation of platelets with fasting and PP TGRL increases collagen-stimulated aggregation (p < 0.01 vs control). Fasting and PP TGRL similarly increase agonist-induced thromboxane B(2)concentrations, and this effect is concentration-dependent for PP TGRL. Conclusion PP TGRL from type 2 diabetic women after a palm-oil spread versus butter-based mixed meal induce similar acute in vitro platelet activation.
Dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: The association between intake of dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes has been investigated in several studies, but the evidence is not conclusive.
Almond ingestion at mealtime reduces postprandial glycemia and chronic ingestion reduces hemoglobin A<sub>1c</sub> in individuals with well-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus; Cohort studies are equivocal regarding a relationship between regular nut consumption and reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Although acute trials show reductions in postprandial glycemia in healthy individuals ingesting 60 to 90 g almonds, trials have not been conducted using a single serving of almonds (28 g) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. This randomized crossover trial examined the impact of one serving of almonds at mealtime on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia, and plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 in healthy individuals and individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. On 2 occasions separated by at least 1 week, 19 adults (including 7 adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus) consumed a standardized evening meal and fasted overnight before ingesting the test meal (bagel, juice, and butter) with or without almonds. A small pilot study (6-7 subjects per group) was also conducted to observe whether chronic almond ingestion (1 serving 5 d/wk for 12 weeks) lowered hemoglobin A(1c) in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A standard serving of almonds reduced postprandial glycemia significantly in participants with diabetes (-30%, P = .043) but did not influence glycemia in participants without diabetes (-7%, P = .638). Insulinemia and glucagon-like peptide-1 at 30 minutes postmeal were not impacted by almond ingestion for either group. In the pilot study, regular almond ingestion for 12 weeks reduced hemoglobin A(1c) by 4% (P = .045 for interaction) but did not influence fasting glucose concentrations. These data show that modest almond consumption favorably improves both short-term and long-term markers of glucose control in individuals with uncomplicated type 2 diabetes mellitus. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Habits of Type 2 Diabetes Patients: Variety and Frequency of Food Intake; The objective of the present study was to observe the dietary patterns and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the clinics of the Family Practice Center of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, located in a highly urbanized area in Sri Lanka. An interviewer administered questionnaire based cross-sectional study was conducted among randomly selected 100 type 2 diabetes patients [age 35-70 years; mean age 55 +/- 9 (males = 44; females = 56)]. The data were analyzed by SPSS version 18.0 software. Vegetables, fatty foods, and poultry consumption were in accordance with the national guidelines. A significant percentage (45.5%) consumed rice mixed meals for all three meals and only 67% consumed fruits at least once a day. Majority (71%) consumed full-cream milk and sugar intake (77%) was in accordance with the guidelines. Noncaloric sweetener usage was nonexistent. Daily green leafy vegetable intake and the quantity consumed were inadequate to obtain beneficial effects. From the study population, 44% [females 50%; males 36%] of the patients were either overweight or obese. However, only 60% of those patients accepted that they were either overweight or obese. Only 14% exercised daily while 69% never exercised. Study revealed the importance of educating patients with type 2 diabetes on dietary changes and more importantly the involvement in regular physical exercises.
Tea Consumption and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in Europe: The EPIC-InterAct Case-Cohort Study; Background: In previous meta-analyses, tea consumption has been associated with lower incidence of type 2 diabetes. It is unclear, however, if tea is associated inversely over the entire range of intake. Therefore, we investigated the association between tea consumption and incidence of type 2 diabetes in a European population.
Brewer's Yeast Improves Blood Pressure in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: This study was conducted to investigate the effects of Brewer's yeast supplementation on serum lipoproteins and blood pressure in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL-cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively.
Effect of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic neuropathic pain among patients with type 2 diabetes - A pilot study; Background objectives: Painful diabetic neuropathy is a common complication of diabetes and can severely limit patients daily functions. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety and effect of using a polyherbal formulation in reducing the symptoms of diabetic neuropathic pain in comparison with placebo among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of a 6-Week Carbohydrate-Reduced High-Protein Diet on Levels of FGF21 and GDF15 in People With Type 2 Diabetes; Context: Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15) are increased in type 2 diabetes and are potential regulators of metabolism. The effect of changes in caloric intake and macronutrient composition on their circulating levels in patients with type 2 diabetes are unknown. Objective: To explore the effects of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet with and without a clinically significant weight loss on circulating levels of FGF21 and GDF15 in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We measured circulating FGF21 and GDF15 in patients with type 2 diabetes who completed 2 previously published diet interventions. Study 1 randomized 28 subjects to an isocaloric diet in a 6 + 6-week crossover trial consisting of, in random order, a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) or a conventional diabetes (CD) diet. Study 2 randomized 72 subjects to a 6-week hypocaloric diet aiming at a similar to 6% weight loss induced by either a CRHP or a CD diet. Fasting plasma FGF21 and GDF15 were measured before and after the interventions in a subset of samples (n = 24 in study 1, n = 66 in study 2). Results: Plasma levels of FGF21 were reduced by 54% in the isocaloric study (P < .05) and 18% in the hypocaloric study (P < .05) in CRHP-treated individuals only. Circulating GDF15 levels increased by 18% (P < .05) following weight loss in combination with a CRHP diet but only in those treated with metformin. Conclusion: The CRHP diet significantly reduced FGF21 in people with type 2 diabetes independent of weight loss, supporting the role of FGF21 as a "nutrient sensor." Combining metformin treatment with carbohydrate restriction and weight loss may provide additional metabolic improvements due to the rise in circulating GDF15.
Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk powder in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Fresh camel milk was widely accepted to help to prevent and control of diabetes, especially in Africa, Middle East, and cooler dry areas of Asia. In this study, type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled to supplement with 10 g of camel milk powder twice a day for 4 weeks (n = 14), cow milk powder served as the placebo (n = 13). It was found that camel milk supplement decreased fasting blood glucose, 2-hr postprandial blood glucose, serum content of total cholesterol, resistin, and lipocalin-2. There was also a significant increase in serum content of osteocrin, amylin, and GLP-1in camel milk group, indicating an improvement on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Camel milk powder supplement significantly enriched the relative abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 and [Eubacterium]_eligens_group compared with cow milk after the 4-week intervention. This study suggested that camel milk powder can be used as a functional food help to treat type 2 diabetes.
Effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes; Introduction: The role of inflammatory cytokines in diabetes and its complications has been shown in some studies. The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of probiotic and conventional yogurt on inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of acute consumption of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in both non-complicated and type 2 diabetic obese volunteers: a pilot study; The aim of this intervention trial was to evaluate the impact of consumption of two different types of strawberry jam on glycaemic status in 16 non-complicated and 7 type 2 diabetic volunteers, having a body mass index higher than 30 kg/m(2) (obesity status) and selected according to the specific criteria. Volunteers consumed a test meal consisting of 30 g of white bread, 50 g of an experimental jam (sweetened with organic apple juice) and 150 ml of whole cow milk; a control jam (sweetened with white beet sugar) was provided within the same test meal with a week gap. For the determination of glucose and insulin levels, venous blood samples were collected after overnight fasting and every 30 min for 3 h after the ingestion of the test meal. Both groups of volunteers had a significantly lower (P < 0.05) increase of glucose and insulin levels at 30 and 60 min after the consumption of the experimental jam with respect to the control one, highlighting the importance of the type of carbohydrates in controlling glycaemic status: indeed, this type of jam, containing mainly fructose, was successful not only for diabetics but also for subjects at risk of developing this pathology, with a severe obesity condition. The consumption of this kind of product could be a strategy to enhance the quality of life in type 2 diabetic people, helping them to follow a dietary regimen including highly accepted food.
The effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled cross-over clinical trial; Background: We are aware of limited data about the effects of purslane on diabetes. Earlier studies have mostly indicated the beneficial effects in animal models. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of purslane seeds on glycemic status and lipid profiles of persons with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: This cross-over randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 48 persons with type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either 10 g/day purslane seeds with 240 cc low-fat yogurt (intervention group) or only 240 cc low-fat yogurt (as a control group) for 5 weeks. After a 2-week washout period, subjects were moved to the alternate arm for an additional 5 weeks. At baseline and end of each phase of the study, fasting blood samples were collected to quantify plasma glucose levels, as well as serum insulin and lipid profiles. Within-group and between-group changes in anthropometric measures, as well as biochemical indicators, were compared using a paired-samples t-test. Results: Mean age of study participants was 51.4 +/- 6.0 year. We found a significant reduction in weight (-0.57 vs. 0.09 kg, P = 0.003) and body mass index (-0.23 vs. 0.02 kg/m(2), P = 0.004) following purslane seeds consumption. Despite a slight reduction in fasting plasma glucose levels (-2.10 vs. -2.77 mg/dL, P = 0.90), we failed to find any significant effect on serum insulin levels and homeostatic model of assessment of insulin resistance score. Furthermore, purslane consumption decreased serum triglyceride levels (-25.5 vs. -1.8 mg/dL, P = 0.04) but could not affect serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol levels. We observed a significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (-3.33 vs. 0.5 mmHg, P = 0.01) and a borderline significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (-3.12 vs. -0.93 mmHg, P = 0.09) after purslane seeds intake. Conclusion: In summary, consumption of purslane seeds for 5 weeks in persons with type 2 diabetes might improve their anthropometric measures, serum triglyceride levels, and blood pressure. Further studies are required to determine the appropriate dosage for these patients.
Effects of a whey protein pre-meal on bone turnover in participants with and without type 2 diabetes-A post hoc analysis of a randomised, controlled, crossover trial; Aims Whey protein may improve bone turnover and have anti-osteoporotic effects. The aim of the present randomised, controlled, crossover trial was to evaluate the effects of a whey protein pre-meal on bone turnover in people with type 2 diabetes and controls.
An urea, arginine and carnosine based cream (Ureadin Rx Db ISDIN) shows greater efficacy in the treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in Type 2 diabetic patients in comparison with glycerol-based emollient cream. A randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial; Background: Xerosis is a common skin disorder frequently observed in diabetic patients.An effective hydration of foot skin in diabetics is a relevant preventive strategy in order to maintain a healthy foot.Urea is considered an effective hydrating and emollient topical product.The aim of the present study was to evaluate the efficacy of topical urea 5% with arginine and carnosine (Ureadin Rx Db, ISDIN Spain) (UC) in comparison with glycerol-based emollient topical product (Dexeryl, Pierre Fabre) (EC), in Type 2 diabetic patients.
Comparative efficacy and safety of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics for type 2 diabetes management: A systematic review and network meta-analysis; Aims: To compare the effects of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics for type 2 diabetes (T2D) management.Methods: We searched PubMed, Scopus, CENTRAL, and grey literature sources to December 2022 for randomized trials of the impacts of probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics in patients with T2D. We performed network metaanalyses with a Bayesian framework to calculate mean difference [MD] and 95 % credible interval [CrI] and rated the certainty of evidence using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach.Results: 68 randomised trials were included. All results are presented in comparison to the placebo. Supplementation with probiotics (MD: -0.25 %, 95%CrI: -0.42, -0.08; GRADE = moderate) and synbiotics (MD: -0.31 %, 95%CrI: -0.61, -0.04; GRADE = very low) resulted in a trivial/unimportant decrease in glycated hemoglobin. Supplementation with probiotics (MD: -0.69 mmol/L, 95%CrI: -0.98, -0.40; GRADE = very low) and synbiotics (MD: -0.82 mmol/L, 95%CrI: -1.22, -0.43; GRADE = very low) resulted in a trivial/unimportant decrease in fasting plasma glucose. Supplementation with probiotics resulted in a small but important decrease in lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: -0.19 mmol/L; 95%CrI: -0.34, -0.05; GRADE = very low). Supplementations had moderate effects on serum triglyceride (GRADE = low).Conclusions: Existing evidence is uncertain and does not support supplementation with probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics for T2D management.
Dietary calcium from dairy, body composition and glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes pursuing an energy restricted diet: A parallel group randomised clinical trial; In a 12-week duration parallel group randomised clinical trial, we evaluated the effect of increasing calcium (Ca) intake on body composition and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Thirty-six subjects with low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg d(-1)), consumed low-Ca diet (CD group, 800 mg d(-1)) or high-Ca fat-free milk diet (MD group, 1500 mg d(-1)). MD group final anthropometric measures (body weight, BMI, waist circumference, waist-hip ratio, and fat mass) decreased compared with baseline. MD group showed greater decrease in waist circumference compared with CD group. Final fasting glucose decreased in CD group compared with baseline. Both groups reduced glycated haemoglobin. Consumption of high-Ca diet from dairy for 12 weeks was effective in reducing abdominal adiposity, but provided no additional effect on glycaemic control in overweight patients with T2DM. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Soy Protein Reduces Serum LDL Cholesterol and the LDL Cholesterol:HDL Cholesterol and Apolipoprotein B:Apolipoprotein A-I Ratios in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is highly prevalent in North America and is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Evidence supports a role for soy protein in the reduction of serum lipids related to CVD risk; however, few studies have focused on adults with type 2 diabetes who are not on lipid-lowering medications and/or do not have diabetic complications. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of soy protein isolate (SPI) consumption on serum lipids in adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes. Using a double-blind, randomized, crossover, placebo-controlled intervention study design, adults with diet-controlled type 2 diabetes (n = 29) consumed SPI (80 mg/d aglycone isoflavones) or milk protein isolate (MPI) for 57 d each separated by a 28-d washout period. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected on d 54-56 of each treatment for analysis of isoflavones and blood was collected on d I and 57 of each treatment and analyzed for serum lipids and apolipoproteins. SPI consumption increased urinary isoflavones compared with MPI. SPI consumption reduced serum LDL cholesterol (P = 0.04), LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02), and apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A-I (P = 0.05) compared with MPI, SPI did not affect serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apolipoprotein B, or apolipoprotein A-I. These data demonstrate that consumption of soy protein can modulate some serum lipids in a direction beneficial for CVD risk in adults with type 2 diabetes. J. Nutr. 139: 1700-1706, 2009.
Appropriate insulin regimes for type 2 diabetes - A multicenter randomized crossover study; OBJECTIVE - To directly compare the rate of hypoglycemia and metabolic control achieved on once-daily ultralente insulin administration with twice-daily NPH insulin administration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Patient treatment satisfaction and quality of life were also examined before and during each treatment.
Which foods are displaced in the diets of adults with type 2 diabetes with the inclusion of eggs in their diets? A randomized, controlled, crossover trial; Background The inclusion or exclusion of specific foods from the overall diet inevitably affects other food choices, and this matter is routinely neglected in dietary guidance and nutritional epidemiology. We examined how the inclusion of eggs in the diets of type 2 diabetics affected dietary pattern.
Replacement of Red and Processed Meat With Other Food Sources of Protein and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in European Populations: The EPIC-InterAct Study; OBJECTIVE There is sparse evidence for the association of suitable food substitutions for red and processed meat on the risk of type 2 diabetes. We modeled the association between replacing red and processed meat with other protein sources and the risk of type 2 diabetes and estimated its population impact. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-InterAct case cohort included 11,741 individuals with type 2 diabetes and a subcohort of 15,450 participants in eight countries. We modeled the replacement of self-reported red and processed meat with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, cheese, cereals, yogurt, milk, and nuts. Country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) for incident type 2 diabetes were estimated by Prentice-weighted Cox regression and pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS There was a lower hazard for type 2 diabetes for the modeled replacement of red and processed meat (50 g/day) with cheese (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83-0.97) (30 g/day), yogurt (0.90, 0.86-0.95) (70 g/day), nuts (0.90, 0.84-0.96) (10 g/day), or cereals (0.92, 0.88-0.96) (30 g/day) but not for replacements with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, or milk. If a causal association is assumed, replacing red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, or nuts could prevent 8.8%, 8.3%, or 7.5%, respectively, of new cases of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS Replacement of red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, nuts, or cereals was associated with a lower rate of type 2 diabetes. Substituting red and processed meat by other protein sources may contribute to the prevention of incident type 2 diabetes in European populations.
The influence of chromium chloride-containing milk to glycemic control of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect and safety of chromium-containing milk powder in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in Taiwan. A total of 60 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, aged 30 to 75 years, and on a dose of gliclazide sulfonylurea agent (<= 160 mg/d) for at least 3 months were enrolled. Their glycosylated hemoglobin ranged from 7.5% to 12%, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from 140 to 250 mg/dL, and body mass index from 20 to 35 kg/m(2). The subjects were divided into 2 groups, one group to receive chromium-containing milk powder (chromium 200 mu g/20 g milk powder) and the other to receive placebo twice a day for 16 weeks. Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed before and after treatment. The chromium group demonstrated a lower FPG and fasting insulin (-38.1 +/- 9.2 vs 63 +/- 8.5 mg/dL and -1.7 +/- 0.2 vs 1.9 +/- 0.3 mu U/mL, respectively; P <.05), especially in male patients (-41 +/- 9.2 vs 85 +/- 11.7 mg/dL and -2.7 +/- 0.2 vs 3.1 +/- 0.3 mu U/mL, respectively; P <.01), at the end of the study. Lower glycosylated hemoglobin was observed in chromium-treated male patients (-1.1 +/- 0. 5 vs 0.7 +/- 0.2; P <.05). However, there were no significant changes in other metabolic parameters (lipid profiles including total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol), except improvement of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity index from frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) observed in male patients (-2.1 +/- 1.1 vs -0.41 +/- 1.12 and 0.18 +/- 0.11 vs -0.15 +/- 0.2, respectively; P <.05). There were no adverse events in both groups, except for mild complaints in the chromium group on constipation (5%) and flatulence (5%). Intake of milk powder containing 400 mu g/d of chromium for 16 weeks in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus resulted in lowering of FPG, fasting insulin, and improvement of metabolic control in male patients. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Incretin, insulinotropic and glucose-lowering effects of whey protein pre-load in type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial; Aims/hypothesis Since protein ingestion is known to stimulate the secretion of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), we hypothesised that enhancing GLP-1 secretion to harness its insulinotropic/beta cell-stimulating activity with whey protein pre-load may have beneficial glucose-lowering effects in type 2 diabetes.
Silymarin, Olibanum, and Nettle, A Mixed Herbal Formulation in the Treatment of Type II Diabetes: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Clinical Trial; Silybum marianum (L) Gaertn (milk thistle) seeds, Urtica dioica L (nettle) leaves, and Boswellia serrata (olibanum gum) resin are used traditionally by Iranian diabetic patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antihyperglycemic effects of these herbs in an herbal formulation in patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Sixty patients diagnosed as type II diabetes mellitus with fasting blood glucose level from 150 to 180 mg/dL, glycosylated hemoglobin level from 7.5% to 8.5%, and on oral antihyperglycemic drugs, were allocated to receive the mix herbal formulation or placebo for 90 days in a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. The mean serum fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, and triglyceride in the herbal drug group were significantly less than placebo group's values after 3 months of the intervention. The study showed a potential antihyperglycemic and triglyceride lowering effect of the herbal formulation, while it did not have any significant cholesterol or blood pressure lowering effect.
Effect of camel milk on glycaemic control and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes: Randomised controlled clinical trial; Traditionally, camel milk has been prescribed for diabetes, possibly due to content of insulin-like molecules. In this clinical trial, 40 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) who used long-acting insulin analogues were randomly assigned into two groups and received 500 mL of raw camel or cow milk daily for three months. Fasting blood sugar decreased significantly in the camel milk group compared with that in the cow milk group. A significant reduction (P < 0.05) in HbA1c was observed in both groups (camel milk, -3.0 +/- 2.0%; cow milk, -1.9 +/- 2.6%). The dose of insulin required was decreased in patients that received camel milk (13.7%). Total cholesterol significantly decreased in the cow milk group in comparison with the camel milk group. Insulin resistance and other serum lipids showed no statistical differences between the two groups. Camel milk could be effective for glycaemic control in T2DM patients using long-acting insulin. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Should Viscous Fiber Supplements Be Considered in Diabetes Control? Results From a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; OBJECTIVE Evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggests that viscous dietary fiber may offer beneficial effects on glycemic control and, thus, an improved cardiovascular disease risk profile. Our purpose was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs to synthesize the therapeutic effect of viscous fiber supplementation on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched through 15 June 2018. We included RCTs >= 3 weeks in duration that assessed the effects of viscous fiber on markers of glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Two independent reviewers extracted data. Data were pooled using the generic inverse variance method and expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95% CIs. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I-2 statistic). The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to evaluate the overall certainty of the evidence. RESULTS We identified 28 eligible trial comparisons (n = 1,394). Viscous fiber at a median dose of similar to 13.1 g/day significantly reduced HbA(1c) (MD -0.58% [95% CI -0.88, -0.28]; P = 0.0002), fasting blood glucose (MD -0.82 mmol/L [95% CI -1.32, -0.31]; P = 0.001), and HOMA-insulin resistance (IR) (MD -1.89 [95% CI -3.45, -0.33]; P = 0.02) compared with control and in addition to standard of care. The certainty of evidence was graded moderate for HbA(1c), fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and HOMA-IR and low for fructosamine. CONCLUSIONS Viscous fiber supplements improve conventional markers of glycemic control beyond usual care and should be considered in the management of type 2 diabetes.
Effects of different fractions of whey protein on postprandial lipid and hormone responses in type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Exacerbated postprandial lipid responses are associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. Dietary proteins influence postprandial lipemia differently, and whey protein has a preferential lipid-lowering effect. We compared the effects of different whey protein fractions on postprandial lipid and hormone responses added to a high-fat meal in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Argan Oil Exerts an Antiatherogenic Effect by Improving Lipids and Susceptibility of LDL to Oxidation in Type 2 Diabetes Patients; In this study, we investigate the effect of argan oil consumption on serum lipids, apolipoproteins (AI and B), CRP, and LDL susceptibility to oxidation in type 2 diabetic patients which are known to have a high level of cardiovascular risk due to lipid abnormalities and lipid peroxidation. For that, 86 type 2 diabetic patients with dyslipidemia were randomized to one group consuming 25 mL/day of argan oil during 3 weeks and control group consuming 20 g/day of butter in breakfast. After argan oil intervention, serum triglycerides decreased by 11.84%, (P = 0.001), total chol by 9.13%, (P = 0.01), and LDL-chol by 11.81%, (P = 0.02). However, HDL-chol and Apo AI increased (10.51%, P = 0.01 and 9.40%, P = 0.045, resp.). Susceptibility of LDL to lipid peroxidation was significantly reduced by increasing of 20.95%, (P = 0.038) in lag phase after argan oil consumption. In conclusion, we show for the first time that consumption of argan oil may have an antiatherogenic effect by improving lipids, and the susceptibility of LDL to oxidation in type 2 diabetes patients with dyslipidemia, and can therefore be recommended in the nutritional management of type 2 diabetes.
Associations of the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with risk of type 2 diabetes in 127 594 people from 20 countries (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background The association between the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with type 2 diabetes incidence is controversial. We aimed to evaluate this association in an international cohort with diverse glycaemic index and glycaemic load diets. Methods The PURE study is a prospective cohort study of 127 594 adults aged 35-70 years from 20 high -income, middle -income, and low-income countries. Diet was assessed at baseline using country -specific validated food frequency questionnaires. The glycaemic index and the glycaemic load were estimated on the basis of the intake of seven categories of carbohydrate -containing foods. Participants were categorised into quintiles of glycaemic index and glycaemic load. The primary outcome was incident type 2 diabetes. Multivariable Cox Frailty models with random intercepts for study centre were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs). Findings During a median follow-up of 11<middle dot>8 years (IQR 9<middle dot>0-13<middle dot>0), 7326 (5<middle dot>7%) incident cases of type 2 diabetes occurred. In multivariable adjusted analyses, a diet with a higher glycaemic index was significantly associated with a higher risk of diabetes (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>15 [95% CI 1<middle dot>03-1<middle dot>29]). Participants in the highest quintile of the glycaemic load had a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes compared with those in the lowest quintile (HR 1<middle dot>21, 95% CI 1<middle dot>06-1<middle dot>37). The glycaemic index was more strongly associated with diabetes among individuals with a higher BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>23 [95% CI 1<middle dot>08-1<middle dot>41]) than those with a lower BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; 1<middle dot>10 [0<middle dot>87-1<middle dot>39]; p interaction=0<middle dot>030). Interpretation Diets with a high glycaemic index and a high glycaemic load were associated with a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes in a multinational cohort spanning five continents. Our findings suggest that consuming low glycaemic index and low glycaemic load diets might prevent the development of type 2 diabetes.
A meal rich in palm oil or butter modifies the sphingolipid profile of postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins from type 2 diabetic women; Elevated concentrations of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins (TGRL) in the fasting and postprandial states are risk factors for cardiovascular events, especially in type 2 diabetes (T2D). T2D modifies the lipid composition of plasma and lipoproteins and some sphingolipids (SP) have been validated as potent predictive biomarkers of cardiovascular disease occurrence. The main objectives of the present study were to characterize the plasma SP profile in fasting T2D patients and to determine whether SP are modified in postprandial TGRL from these patients compared to fasting TGRL. In a randomized parallelgroup study, 30 T2D women ingested a breakfast including 20g lipids from either hazelnut cocoa palm oil-rich spread (Palm Nut) or Butter. Plasma was collected and TGRL were isolated by ultracentrifugation at fasting and 4h after the meal. Fasting samples of 6 control subjects from another cohort were analyzed for comparison. SP were analyzed by tandem mass spectrometry. Plasma from fasting T2D patients had higher ceramide (Cer) and ganglioside GM3 concentrations, and lower concentrations of sphingosylphosphorylcholine vs healthy subjects. In postprandial TGRL from T2D patients compared to those in the fasting state, Cer concentrations and especially C16:0, C24:1 and C24:0 molecular species, increased after the Palm Nut or Butter breakfast. A positive correlation was observed in the Palm Nut group between changes (D4h-fasting) of summed C16:0+C22:0+C24:1+C24:0 Cer concentrations in TGRL, and changes in plasma TG, TGRL-TG and TGRL-C16:0 concentrations. Altogether in T2D, the altered profile of plasma SP and the increased Cer concentrations in postprandial TGRL could contribute to the increased atherogenicity of TGRL. (c) 2022 Elsevier B.V. and Societe Francaise de Biochimie et Biologie Moleculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.
Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>-fortified milk did not affect glycemic control, lipid profile, and anthropometric measures in patients with type 2 diabetes, a triple-blind randomized clinical trial; Background/objectives The effect of vitamin D on glycemic status of diabetes patients is controversial. The objective was to assess the effect of vitamin D-3-fortified milk on cardiometabolic markers of patients with type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of studies using selective α<sub>1</sub>-blockers in patients with hypertension and type 2 diabetes; This meta-analysis of published studies evaluated the effect of selective alpha (1)-blockers on lipid and carbohydrate profiles and blood pressure (BP) as well as tolerability in patients with hypertension and type 2 diabetes. Publications identified via MEDLINE were used. Text and bibliographies of retrieved articles were examined for additional references. Clinical trials with a randomised comparative structure (placebo and active treatment arms) and controlled studies with other structures were included. Of the 27 citations identified, 22 studies were selected for inclusion, and five were rejected. Efficacy and safety data, lipid and carbohydrate profiles, and study and patient characteristics were extracted by two investigators independently. The mean pooled results showed beneficial effects of selective alpha (1)-blockers on total serum cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and systolic and diastolic BP The results also showed doxazosin had beneficial effects on fasting glucose levels, insulin sensitivity, TC, HDL cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, HDL/TC ratio, and systolic and diastolic BP The risk difference was equivalent between the alpha (1)-blocker group and the control group for postural hypotension or syncope. This meta-analysis demonstrates a number of favourable effects of therapy with selective alpha (1)-blockers in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes. These agents provide an effective modality for reducing BP, with favourable effects on lipid, no deterioration in glycaemic control, and little risk of orthostatic hypotension.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on oral glucose tolerance in individuals with low vitamin D status and increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes (EVIDENCE): A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Aims: Low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin-D (25(OH)D) concentrations are associated with insulin resistance, beta-cell dysfunction and type 2 diabetes. We conducted a 24-week double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to examine the effect of 28 000 IU of vitamin D-3 once weekly on plasma glucose after a 2 hour-75 g oral glucose tolerance test (2hrPC glucose), insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function.
Daily intake of yogurt drink fortified either with vitamin D alone or in combination with added calcium causes a thyroid-independent increase of resting metabolic rate in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; We investigated the effect of daily intake of yogurt drink fortified with either vitamin D alone or with added calcium on resting metabolic rate (RMR), thyroid hormones and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). A total of 75 adult subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 groups to receive either D-fortified yogurt drink (DY; 1000 IU vitamin D/day), Ca-D-fortified yogurt drink (CDY; 1000 IU vitamin D plus 500 mg calcium), or plain yogurt drink for 12 weeks. All assessments were done at the baseline and after the intervention. The concentrations of anti-thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti-TPO-Ab), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) had declined significantly compared with baseline values only in the CDY group. The mean RMR increased in both DY and CDY groups (p < 0.001 for both). Also, changes of serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycalciferol (B = 2.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.3 to 4.6, p = 0.001) and iPTH (B = -2.41, 95% CI = -4.5 to -0.31, p = 0.025) remained significant predictors of RMR changes even after adjustment for changes of serum concentrations of TSH (B = -18.2, 95% CI = -61.7 to 25.2, p = 0.406). Daily intake of vitamin D together with calcium at physiological doses has attenuating effect on anti-TPO-Ab and TSH. Also, vitamin D with or without added calcium causes a significant thyroid-independent increase in RMR in euthyroid subjects with T2D. Registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01229891.
<i>Invited review</i>: Potential effects of short- and long-term intake of fermented dairy products on prevention and control of type 2 diabetes mellitus; The consumption of fermented dairy products has been linked with lowering the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but studies have yet to demon-strate a definite association. We evaluated evidence from a cross-sectional analysis of longitudinal studies and human and animal experimental trials to further understand the current knowledge linking short-and long-term consumption of fermented dairy products to T2DM. Most cohort studies revealed a protective effect of fermented dairy products on T2DM development, with yogurt noted as the most consistent food item protecting against the disease. Human experimental trials and animal studies revealed improvements in biomarkers of glycemic control with short-term moni-tored intake of fermented dairy products from various sources. Therefore, fermented dairy products may of-fer protection against the development and may have therapeutic benefits for individuals with T2DM. This could influence on dietary recommendations and the development of functional foods aiming to minimize the risk of T2DM.
Effect of pharmacist-led patient education on glycemic control of type 2 diabetics: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of a clinical pharmacist-led patient education program for type 2 diabetic patients at Isfahan Endocrine & Metabolism Research Center (IEMRC) from April 2008 to January 2009.
Health-promoting effects of bovine colostrum in Type 2 diabetic patients can reduce blood glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride and ketones; Bovine colostrum (BC) has been reported to enhance immune function, reduce fat accumulation and facilitate the movement of glucose to the muscle. However, very few attempts have been made to examine its anti-diabetic effects in diabetes patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether BC decreases blood glucose, as well as cholesterol, triglyceride (TG) and ketones levels, which can be elevated by obesity and stress in Type 2 diabetic patients. Sixteen patients (men=8, women=8) with Type 2 diabetes were randomized into the study. Each ingested 5 g of BC on an empty stomach every morning and night for 4 weeks. Blood glucose, ketones (beta-hydroxybutyric acid), total cholesterol and TGs were measured every week. In both the men and women, blood glucose levels at 2 and 8 h postprandial decreased continually during the experimental period. The rate of decrease in blood glucose at 8 It postprandial was not different between the men and women, but was higher in the women (14.25 +/- 2.66) than in the men (10.96 +/- 1.82%) at 2 h postprandial. Total cholesterol and TG levels decreased significantly in both the men and women after 4 weeks. Also, beta-hydroxybutyric acid level decreased with BC ingestion, but this was not significant. These results suggest that BC can decrease levels of blood glucose and ketones, as well as reduce cholesterol and TGs, all of which may cause complications in Type 2 diabetic patients. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nil Whey Protein Effect on Glycemic Control after Intense Mixed-Mode Training in Type 2 Diabetes; Although intense endurance and resistance exercise training and whey protein supplementation have both been shown to independently improve glycemic control, no known studies have examined the effect of high-intensity mixed-mode interval training (MMIT) and whey supplementation in adults with Type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium</i> BL21 and <i>Lacticaseibacillus</i> LRa05 on gut microbiota in type 2 diabetes mellitus mice; Gut dysbiosis causes damage to the intestinal barrier and is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We tested the potential protective effects of probiotic BL21 and LRa05 on gut microbiota in type 2 diabetes mellitus mice and determined whether these effects were related to the modulation of gut microbiota.Thirty specific pathogen-free C57BL/6J mice were randomly allocated to three groups-the (CTL) control group, HFD/STZ model (T2DM) group, and HFD/STZ-probiotic intervention (PRO) group-and intragastrically administered strains BL21 and LRa05 for 11 weeks. The administration of strains BL21 and LRa05 significantly regulated blood glucose levels, accompanied by ameliorated oxidative stress in mice. The BL21/LRa05-treated mice were protected from liver, cecal, and colon damage. Microbiota analysis showed that the cecal and fecal microbiota of the mice presented significantly different spatial distributions from one another. Principal coordinate analysis results indicated that both T2DM and the BL21/LRa05 intervention had significant effects on the cecal contents and fecal microbiota structure. In terms of the fecal microbiota, an abundance of Akkermansia and Anaeroplasma was noted in the PRO group. In terms of the cecal content microbiota, enrichment of Akkermansia, Desulfovibrio, Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, and Limosilactobacillus was noted in the PRO group. The probiotics BL21 and LRa05 prevent or ameliorate T2DM by regulating the intestinal flora and reducing inflammation and oxidative stress. Our results suggest that BL21 and LRa05 colonize in the cecum. Thus, BL21/LRa05 combined with probiotics having a strong ability to colonize in the colon may achieve better therapeutic effects in T2DM. Our study illustrated the feasibility and benefits of the combined use of probiotics and implied the importance of intervening at multiple intestinal sites in T2DM mice.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction augments weight loss-induced improvements in glycaemic control and liver fat in individuals with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial; Aims/hypothesis Lifestyle modification and weight loss are cornerstones of type 2 diabetes management. However, carbohydrate restriction may have weight-independent beneficial effects on glycaemic control. This has been difficult to demonstrate because low-carbohydrate diets readily decrease body weight. We hypothesised that carbohydrate restriction enhances the beneficial metabolic effects of weight loss in type 2 diabetes.
The Impact of Dairy Products in the Development of Type 2 Diabetes: Where Does the Evidence Stand in 2019?; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has increased rapidly. Adopting a heathy diet is suggested as one of the effective behaviors to prevent or delay onset of T2D. Dairy consumption has been recommended as part of a healthy diet, but there remains uncertainty in both the scientific community and the public about the effect of different dairy products on T2D risk. In a recent workshop, the evidence on dairy products and T2D risk was presented and discussed by a group of experts. The main conclusions from the workshop are presented in this position paper and are as follows. 1) Available evidence from large prospective cohort studies and limited randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggests that total dairy consumption has a neutral or moderately beneficial effect on T2D risk. 2) Increasing evidence from prospective cohort studies indicates that yogurt is most strongly associated with a lower T2D risk, but evidence from RCTs is scarce. 3) Fatty acids from dairy (medium-chain, odd, and very long-chain SFAs as well as trans-palmitoleic acid) are associated with lower T2D risk and improved metabolic health, but more research is needed on studies that explore cause and effect relations to exclude the possibility that the dairy fatty acids simply serve as markers of overall dairy consumption. 4) The food matrix can be a stronger determinant of health effects than SFA content. This review further identifies research gaps in the existing knowledge and highlights key research questions that need to be addressed to better understand the impact of dairy consumption on future T2D risk.
High calcium intake from fat-free milk, body composition and glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomised crossover clinical trial; We evaluated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk v. low-Ca control diet on adiposity and on glycaemic control. Fourteen subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 49 center dot 5 (sd 8 center dot 6) years, BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects participated in two 12-week experimental sessions (high-Ca fat-free milk (HC) or low-Ca control (LC)) separated by 8-week washout. Subjects daily consumed in the laboratory a breakfast shake containing 700 mg (HC) or 6 center dot 4 mg (LC) of Ca. Energy-restricted diets containing 800 mg of dietary Ca/d were prescribed. Dietary records data indicated the consumption of 1200 mg of Ca/d during HC and of 525 mg of Ca/d during LC. There was a greater reduction in body weight, body fat mass, waist circumference and waist:hip ratio after HC. Serum 25-hydoxyvitamin D and homeostatic model assessment-2 beta-cell function (HOMA2-%B) increased, and serum uric acid, parathormone (PTH) and glycated Hb (HbA1c) concentrations reduced after HC. In addition, changes from baseline in terms of serum uric acid, glucose, HbA1c and PTH concentrations were lower, and those of HOMA2-%B, serum Ca and 25-hydoxyvitamin D were higher after the HC than after LC. The consumption of approximately three servings of fat-free milk and 1200 mg of dietary Ca/d enhanced weight loss, improved body composition and promoted glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d).
Effects of anthocyanin supplementation in diet on glycemic and related cardiovascular biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Purpose: This study is the first systematic review and meta-analysis based on RCTs on the effects of anthocyanins on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and the effect on T2DM-related cardiovascular disease.Methods: RCTs published in English from five electronic databases were evaluated for glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)), fasting blood glucose (FBG), 2-h postprandial blood glucose, fasting insulin, model assessment for insulin resistance, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The quality of the studies was rated (Cochrane Risk of Bias tool) and weighted mean differences were calculated (DerSimonian-Laird model with random effects). Leave-one-out sensitivity, subgroup, and publication bias analyses were conducted. The strength of the evidence was rated according to the GRADE guidelines.Results: In all, 13 RCTs were analyzed out of the 239 identified studies, with a duration longer than 4 weeks (703 participants with T2DM). Our findings indicate that a median dose of 320 mg/day anthocyanins, either from fruit extracts or pure supplements, for a median intervention length of 8 weeks significantly reduced HbA1c [Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) -0.31, p = 0.00], FBG (WMD -0.63, p = 0.00), 2-h postprandial glucose (WMD -1.60, p = 0.00), TG (WMD -0.45, p = 0.01), and LDL (WMD -0.26 p = 0.02). However, the effects of anthocyanins on fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, TC, HDL cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure in patients with T2DM were not statistically significant. Anthocyanins from fruit extracts or powder exhibited a higher reduction of HbA(1c) compared to pure anthocyanin supplements.Conclusion: The significant improvements in glycemic parameters and lipid profile, suggest the benefits of anthocyanins, especially from fruit extract or powder, in the management of T2DM, and their ability to delay the onset of lipid disorder-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease associated with T2DM. The mechanism behind this reduction in glycemic markers could be attributed to the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activity of anthocyanins. Further research with well-designed RCTs is required to determine the optimal dosage of anthocyanins for the treatment of T2DM and to comprehend the consequences.
Improvement of vitamin D status resulted in amelioration of biomarkers of systemic inflammation in the subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background Both vitamin D deficiency and inflammation have been linked to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. In this study, the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yoghourt drink (doogh) on systemic inflammatory biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) were investigated. Subjects and methods In this 12-week randomized controlled trial, T2D subjects received either plain doogh (PD; containing 170?mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D/250?mL, n1?=?50) or vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 170?mg calcium and 500?IU/250?mL, n2?=?50) twice a day. Glycemic status, body fat mass and systemic inflammatory biomarkers including serum highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), interleukin(IL)-2, IL-6, IL-10 and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-a were evaluated at the beginning and after the intervention. Data were expressed as either mean?+/-?SD or median (interquartile range) whenever they had either normal or non-normal distribution, respectively. Results In the patients receiving the vitamin D fortified drink, compared with those receiving the unfortified drink, a significant increase in serum 25(OH)D was accompanied by significant changes in TNF-a (-57.9 (-264.6) versus +106.3 (683.2), p?=?0.044), IL-6 (-6.3 (-69.2), p?=?0.002), hsCRP (-0.39 (-1.50) versus +0.8 (1.52), p?<?0.001), SAA (-14.2?+/-?44.5 versus +5.6?+/-?37.5?mg/L, p?=?0.022) and IL-10 (+38.7?+/-?157.0 versus -51.9?+/-?165.2?ng/L, p?=?0.013). The between-group differences of hsCRP, SAA and IL-6 changes remained significant even after controlling for changes quantitative insulin check index (p?<?0.001, p?<?0.001 and p?=?0.009, respectively). Conclusions Improvement of vitamin D status of T2D subjects resulted in amelioration of the systemic inflammatory markers. This may have preventive implications against cardiovascular disease and other diabetic complications. Copyright (c) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Postprandial glycemia and insulin secretion following glutamine administration: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: The objective of the present study is to investigate the effects of glutamine administration on postprandial glycemia, insulin, and C-peptide concentration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted on patients with type 2 diabetes so that 33 subjects were recruited in each group. The patients were randomly allocated to receive either 30 g/d glutamine or placebo (with instructions to take in half glass of ice-cold water 5 to 10 min before each main meal) for 6 weeks. Postprandial C-peptide, insulin, and glucose were measured at the baseline and at the end of the study at 30 and 90 min after consuming a meal comprising wheat-cake and reduced fat milk. Results: The repeated measures ANOVA revealed no significant difference between the groups for glucose and insulin after 6 weeks of intervention (p > 0.05). However, C-peptide was reduced in both intervention groups at all measurement points. Between-group differences remained significant by the end of the study (p = 0.02). Conclusions: Glutamine supplementation before each main meal does not represent an effective nutritional strategy to improve postprandial glycemic control or postprandial insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes patients.
Comparison of the efficacy of fish oil and probiotic supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background Abnormalities in glucose and lipid metabolism contribute to the progression and exacerbation of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Fish oil and probiotics are dietary supplements that have the potential to improve glucose and lipid metabolism. However, their efficacy remains unclear in T2DM patients.Methods PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were retrieved to collect randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy of fish oil or probiotic supplementation in T2DM patients from the database inception to December 13, 2023. Primary outcome indicators encompassed glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and blood lipid profile (triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC). Secondary outcome indicators included inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor -alpha (TNF-alpha) and adipocytokine (including leptin and adiponectin). The R software was used for statistical analysis, and GraphPad Prism was used for figure rendering.Results A total of 60 RCTs involving 3845 T2DM patients were included in the analysis. The results showed that the probiotics (Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, Propionibacterium, etc.) were more effective in reducing HOMA-IR than fish oil (Surca = 0.935). Bifidobacterium demonstrated the highest efficacy in reducing HbA1c levels (Surca = 0.963). Regarding lipid metabolism, fish oil was superior to probiotics in lowering TG and TC levels (Surca values of 0.978 and 0.902, respectively). Furthermore, fish oil outperformed probiotics in reducing TNF-alpha (Surca = 0.839) and leptin (Surca = 0.712), and increasing adiponectin levels (Surca = 0.742). Node-splitting analysis showed good consistency (P > 0.05 for direct, indirect, and network comparison across various interventions).Conclusions In T2DM patients, fish oil was more effective than probiotics in regulating lipid metabolism. Probiotics outperformed fish oil in regulating glucose metabolism particularly; specifically, Bifidobacterium showed higher efficacy in reducing blood glucose.
Effects of probiotic, cinnamon, and synbiotic supplementation on glycemic control and antioxidant status in people with type 2 diabetes; a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Purpose The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of probiotic bacteria of Lactobacillus acidophilus, cinnamon powder and their combinations on the glycemic and antioxidant indices in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Dietary dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: a prospective study using dietary data from a 7-day food diary; Aim/hypothesis The aim of this study was to investigate the association between total and types of dairy product intake and risk of developing incident type 2 diabetes, using a food diary.
Acute Antiplatelet Effects of an Oleocanthal-Rich Olive Oil in Type II Diabetic Patients: A Postprandial Study; Postprandial dysmetabolism is a common entity of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may act as a daily stressor of the already dysfunctional diabetic platelets. This study aims to investigate whether oleocanthal-rich olive oils (OO), incorporated into a carbohydrate-rich meal, can affect postprandial dysmetabolism and platelet aggregation. Oleocanthal is a cyclooxygenase inhibitor with putative antiplatelet properties. In this randomized, single-blinded, crossover study, ten T2DM patients consumed five isocaloric meals containing 120 g white bread combined with: (i) 39 g butter, (ii) 39 g butter and 400 mg ibuprofen, (iii) 40 mL OO (phenolic content < 10 mg/Kg), (iv) 40 mL OO with 250 mg/Kg oleocanthal and (v) 40 mL OO with 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal. Metabolic markers along with ex vivo ADP- and thrombin receptor-activating peptide (TRAP)-induced platelet aggregation were measured before and for 4 h after the meals. The glycemic and lipidemic response was similar between meals. However, a sustained (90-240 min) dose-dependent reduction in platelets' sensitivity to both ADP (50-100%) and TRAP (20-50%) was observed after the oleocanthal meals in comparison to OO or butter meals. The antiplatelet effect of the OO containing 500 mg/Kg oleocanthal was comparable to that of the ibuprofen meal. In conclusion, the consumption of meals containing oleocanthal-rich OO can reduce platelet activity during the postprandial period, irrespective of postprandial hyperglycemia and lipidemia.
The role of yoghurt consumption in the management of type II diabetes; Enrichment of yoghurt with specific ingrdients beneficially affects the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). As far as the role of yoghurt in the management of DMII is concerned, the limited number of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) which have been conducted suggest that daily intake of yoghurt enriched with vitamin D and/or calcium as well as probiotics positively influences glycemic regulation and may contribute to more effective control of the disease. It is argued that the various ingredients which are already contained in the complex matrix of food, such as bioactive peptides, calcium, B-complex vitamins and beneficial microbes, as well as the fact that it can be used as a vehicle for the inclusion of other effective ingredients can have an impact on the metabolic control of diabetic patients. The aim of this review is to present the RCTs which have been conducted in the last decade in patients with DMII in an attempt to highlight the positive effects of yoghurt in the management of the disease.
Anti-diabetic effects of shubat in type 2 diabetic rats induced by combination of high-glucose-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Shubat, probiotic fermented camel milk, has been used both as a drink with ethnic flavor and a medicine among Kazakh population for diabetic patients. Kazakh people have lower diabetic prevalence and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) than do other ethnic groups living in Xinjiang China, which might be related to the beneficial properties of shubat We therefore prepared shubat in laboratory and tested anti-diabetic activity and evaluated its possible hypolipidemic and renoprotective effects in type 2 diabetic rats.
Using a Paleo Ratio to Assess Adherence to Paleolithic Dietary Recommendations in a Randomized Controlled Trial of Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; This study is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial using Paleolithic diet and exercise in individuals with type 2 diabetes. We hypothesized that increased adherence to the Paleolithic diet was associated with greater effects on blood pressure, blood lipids and HbA1c independent of weight loss. Participants were asked to follow a Paleolithic diet for 12 weeks and were randomized to supervised exercise or general exercise recommendations. Four-day food records were analyzed, and food items characterized as "Paleolithic" or "not Paleolithic". Foods considered Paleolithic were lean meat, poultry, fish, seafood, fruits, nuts, berries, seeds, vegetables, and water to drink; "not Paleolithic" were legumes, cereals, sugar, salt, processed foods, and dairy products. A Paleo ratio was calculated by dividing the Paleolithic calorie intake by total calorie intake. A multiple regression model predicted the outcome at 12 weeks using the Paleo ratio, group affiliation, and outcome at baseline as predictors. The Paleo ratio increased from 28% at baseline to 94% after the intervention. A higher Paleo ratio was associated with lower fat mass, BMI, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, and serum triglycerides at 12 weeks, but not with lower HbA1c levels. The Paleo ratio predicted triglyceride levels independent of weight loss (p = 0.046). Moreover, an increased monounsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio and an increased polyunsaturated/saturated fatty acids ratio was associated with lower triglyceride levels independent of weight loss. (p = 0.017 and p = 0.019 respectively). We conclude that a higher degree of adherence to the Paleolithic diet recommendations improved fat quality and was associated with improved triglyceride levels independent of weight loss among individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Efficacy of vitamin D3-fortified-yogurt drink on anthropometric, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers according to vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms in type 2 diabetic patients: a study protocol for a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is determined by the interactions of genetic and environmental factors. This study was designed to evaluate the possible role of VDR single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on different aspects of diabetic host response (anthropometric, metabolic, oxidative stress and inflammatory) to daily intake of vitamin D through fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks.
Nutritional and eating education improves knowledge and practice of patients with type 2 diabetes concerning dietary intake and blood glucose control in an outlying city of China; Objective: To describe the knowledge, attitudes and practices of type 2 diabetics in Yakeshi City and to assess the effect of implementation of nutritional and eating education in enhancing knowledge and practices regarding a healthy diet.
Effect of diabetes nutrition education on the dietary feeding practices and lifestyle of type 2 diabetic patients; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is one of the most common global diseases of public concern. In developing countries like Uganda, dietary habits and sedentary lifestyle are the major factors for rapidly rising incidence of DM. Therefore, awareness about diabetes dietary practices and life style are paramount in the control of the disease. Methodology One hundred type 2 diabetic patients were randomly selected and divided into two groups of intervention and control (50 patients in each group) to participate in the study. The intervention consisted of two educational sessions each for 30 min with various learning segments. A conversation map for type 2 diabetes, 24-h dietary recall and glycemic load tables were used. Data were collected using a pre-tested questionnaire before intervention and on monthly basis for a period of four months of intervention. Data were entered and analyzed using SPSS software version 21. Results There was a significant (p < 0.001) increase in water, vegetables, fruits, and number of meals intake per day coupled with quitting alcohol, soda, and beer among the intervention group. On the other hand, it was revealed that meat and milk consumption significantly reduced by 81.6 and 82.4% respectively among the intervention group. At the end of study period, milk, meat, vegetable, beer, soda, cigarettes intake, and duration of physical activity increased among the control group. Conclusions Nutrition education improves dietary feeding practices and lifestyle among type 2 diabetes patients within four months of intervention.
Meta-analysis of the effect of herbal supplement on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes; Ethnopharmacological relevance: A variety of herbs has been used in traditional medicine for the treatment of diabetes. However, evidence is limited regarding the efficacy of individual herbs for glycemic control.
Effect of Fenugreek Seeds on Blood Glucose and Lipid Profiles in Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Background: Recently use of herbal medicines, have been considered as an alternative for therapeutic usage. So. this study was undertaken to evaluate the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of fenugreek seeds in type 2 diabetic patients.
Increased calcium intake from skimmed milk in energy-restricted diets reduces glycation markers in adults with type 2 diabetes and overweight: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial; The effect of calcium (Ca) on glycation markers is unknown. We hypothesized that increased Ca intake from skimmed milk associated with an energy-restricted diet intake will reduce glycation markers. This reduction will be associated with a greater improvement in markers of metabolic control in adults with type 2 diabetes, overweight, and low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg/d). In this secondary data analysis based on a crossover clinical trial, 14 adults were allocated into 2 groups: high calcium (shake containing 700 mg Ca/day) or low calcium (shake with 6.4 mg Ca/day), for 12 consecutive weeks per session. Energy-restricted diets were also prescribed (-500 kcal/d, 800 mg of dietary Ca/d) to all participants. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), soluble receptor for AGEs (sRAGE), glycemic control, and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. High-calcium serum AGE concentrations and AGE/sRAGE ratio were lower at the end of the study. Delta AGE and Delta AGE/sRAGE ratio were both positively associated with Delta triglycerides, Delta total cholesterol, Delta triglyceride-glucose index and variations, and Delta visceral adiposity index. Delta AGE/sRAGE was positively associated with Delta fructosamine and Delta high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and negatively associated with male sex. Consumption of approximately 1200 mg/day of calcium (3 servings of skim milk) reduced serum AGEs concentrations and the AGE/sRAGE ratio in individuals with diabetes. In general, positive changes in glycation markers are associated with lipid profile, insulin resistance, and adiposity markers worsening. Delta AGEs/Delta sRAGE ratio seems to be a better marker of metabolic status than Delta AGEs and Delta sRAGE alone. Registered in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02377076). (c) 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fat versus carbohydrate in insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Purpose of review This review assesses the relative effect of fat versus carbohydrate and the differences between fatty acids and types of carbohydrate on insulin resistance and associated risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Probiotics for glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: protocol for a systematic review; Background Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major public health problem worldwide. It is characterized by the increased concentration of glucose in the blood and leads to damage of the body system, especially blood vessels and nerves. Lifestyle modification is often combined with anti-diabetic therapy as the standard of care for T2DM to maintain the proper blood glucose and to prevent long-term diabetic complications. The role of probiotics in improving glycemic control has been investigated in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses, including different sets of trials have concluded an overall beneficial effect of probiotics in patients with T2DM. At least two RCTs with a longer treatment duration have been published since the publication of existing reviews. Methods We will conduct a systematic review of RCTs that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of probiotics for glycemic control in T2DM patients. Primary outcomes are fasting blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (A1c). Secondary outcomes are plasma insulin, blood lipid profile, adverse events, and cost associated with the intervention and hospital visits. We will search PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in The Cochrane Library, and trial registries. Two reviewers will independently screen titles and abstracts, review full texts, extract information, and assess the risk of bias. We will summarize the results both qualitatively and statistically. We will use random-effects model for meta-analysis. Discussion This systematic review aims to examine whether probiotics are effective and safe for glycemic control in T2DM patients. Evidence generated from this review will inform clinical and public health practice and future research. Systematic review registration
Dietary habits of type 2 Diabetes patients: frequency and diversity of nutrition intake - Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; One of the important cornerstones of diabetes care is dietary management which should be based on healthy eating in context of food choices, cultural and social aspects. There is scarcity of literature adressing the dietary habits of type 2 diabetics in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). In Gulf countries, especially KSA there are ineffective dietary habits programs that can prevent and control complications from diet-related non-communicable diseases like diabetes The present study was conducted to examine the dietary habits and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the primary healthcare centers in Almajmaah City, KSA. It was an analytical cross-sectional study by design which was conducted from February - April 2017. A self-prepared Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) in English language was used to collect the data from 350 patients. The FFQ comprised of local food items that were distributed in 9 food groups. The selection of patients was done by means of systematic random sampling technique. The median age of the patients was 45 years. When compared with the food guide pyramid, the consumption of lipids and fats, sweets and bakery, drinks and, soups and sauces were more than the recommended intake (p<0.001) respectively. Whereas, consumption of proteins, carbohydrates, dairy products, fruits, and vegetables was less than the recommended intake (p<0.001) respectively. The dietary habits of type 2 diabetics have been reported to be poor. Individualizing the nutrition interventions and encouraging to change the behavior can help the patients in accomplishing the health goals. The treating doctors should also identify the barriers that are hindering the patients from not following the recommended dietary guidelines. To achieve best results from self-care management, patients, doctors, and dietitians should work together.
Beneficial effects of a Paleolithic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes: a randomized cross-over pilot study; Background: Our aim was to compare the effects of a Paleolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet and a diabetes diet as generally recommended on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin.
Effectiveness of a dietician-led intervention in reducing glycated haemoglobin among people with type 2 diabetes in Nepal: a single centre, open-label, randomised controlled trial; Background Nutrition education and counselling are considered a cornerstone for the management of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, there is limited research related to the management of T2D through dietary approach, particularly in low-income and middle-income countries (LMICs) like Nepal. This study assessed the effectiveness of a dietician-led dietary intervention in reducing glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels among people with T2D. Methods An open-label, two-armed, hospital-based, randomised controlled trial was conducted at Tribhuvan University Teaching Hospital, Kathmandu, Nepal. Participants were randomly assigned to either dietician-led dietary intervention group (n = 78) or usual care control group (n = 78). People with type 2 diabetes with HbA1c >6.5% and aged 24-64 years were included in the study. The primary outcome was a change in HbA1c level over six months, and secondary outcomes included changes in biochemical and clinical parameters, Problem Areas in Diabetes (PAID) score, diabetic knowledge, dietary adherence, and macronutrient intake level. Data were analysed using an intention-to-treat approach. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04267367. Findings Between August 15, 2021 and February 25, 2022, 156 people with type 2 diabetes were recruited for the study, of which 136 participants completed the trial. At six months of follow-up, compared to baseline values, the mean HbA1c (%) level decreased in the intervention group by 0.48 (95% CI: -0.80 to -0.16), while it increased in the control group by 0.22 (95% CI: -0.21 to 0.66). In an adjusted model, the reduction in HbA1c (%) levels for the intervention was 0.61 (95% CI: -1.04 to -0.17; p = 0.006). In addition, fasting blood glucose was decreased by 18.96 mg/dL (95% CI: -36.12 to -1.81; p = 0.031) after the intervention. The intervention resulted in the reduction of BMI, waist and hip circumference, PAID score, dietary adherence, and macronutrient intake in the intervention group compared to the control group. Interpretation The dietician-led intervention improved glycaemic control, improved macronutrient intake, and clinical outcomes among people with type 2 diabetes. The dietician-led intervention may be considered for diabetes management in LMICs. Funding The research was funded by the University Grants Commission (UGC), Nepal. Copyright (c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Whey Protein Supplementation and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk Factors: An Umbrella Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Emerging research suggests whey protein (WP) supplementation may modify type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk factors, including glucose control. As systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) gain importance in nutrition literature, we conducted an umbrella systematic review to chronicle published systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of RCTs pertinent to WP supplementation and T2DM modifiable risk factors. This review was conducted in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews standards. Potentially eligible articles were identified via a systematic search of 5 electronic health research databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, CINAHL [EBSCO], Scopus, and SPORTDiscus [EBSCO]). Included articles were assessed for quality using the "A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews 2" critical appraisal tool. Thirteen articles, representing 109 unique RCTs, of the 2205 identified articles met the inclusion criteria. Nine articles (69%) were deemed high quality, 2 (15%) moderate quality, and 2 (15%) low quality. Findings from this umbrella review of 13 systematic reviews, including 12 meta-analyses, suggest WP may lower hemoglobin A1c, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and fasting insulin in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; blood triglycerides in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; and blood pressure in groups classified as overweight/obese. WP did not differentially affect C-reactive protein, body weight, body mass index, or waist circumference, nor did it adversely affect any T2DM risk factors. Insufficient evidence precluded assessing the influence of WP on glucose control-related outcomes in groups classified at lower risk for T2DM. Information regarding WP dose, duration, or types was insufficient to draw conclusions. Collectively, evidence suggests WP supplementation may improve multiple clinical indicators of glucose control, along with triglycerides and blood pressure, in groups of adults at increased risk of developing T2DM.
Postprandial endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in type 2 diabetic patients: Role of fat and carbohydrate meals; OBJECTIVES To compare the effect of a high-fat meal and a high-carbohydrate meal (pizza), with and without antioxidant vitamins, on endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Paraoxonase 1 Activity in Chylomicrons and VLDL: The Effect of Type 2 Diabetes and Meals Rich in Saturated Fat and Oleic Acid; Paraoxonase 1 (PON 1) has antioxidant and cardioprotective properties and is abnormally low in type 2 diabetic serum. This study aimed to determine the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid on PON1 activity in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL). PON1 arylesterase activity was measured in chylomicrons and VLDL that were isolated in serum from 20 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 age- and gender-matched, overweight controls 3 h after meals rich in cream or olive oil in a randomized, cross-over study. Chylomicron-PON1 activity (45%, P = 0.02), ratio chylomicron-PON1/chylomicron-triacylglycerides (TAG) (42%, P = 0.03) and chylomicron-protein content (46%, P < 0.001) were significantly lower in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with controls after the olive oil meal with comparable findings after the meal rich in cream. After ingestion of olive oil, chylomicron-PON1 activity was significantly higher in controls (P = 0.01) and marginally higher (P = 0.06) in diabetic patients and chylomicron-TAG were significantly (P < 0. 05) higher in both groups of subjects, compared with values after ingestion of cream. VLDL-PON1 increased (two-fold) significantly (P < 0.003) during both meals. Chylomicron-PON1 activity was correlated significantly with chylomicron-protein (P < 0.001, n = 40) and with postprandial serum PON1 activity (P a parts per thousand currency sign 0.001, n = 40). Our data suggest that type 2 diabetes is associated with abnormally low chylomicron-PON1 activity after fatty meals and this may be linked to lower chylomicron-protein content and serum PON1 activity. Switching from saturated fat to olive oil in the meal increases PON1 activity in the chylomicron fraction largely due to increased numbers of chylomicron particles.
Food protein-derived bioactive peptides in management of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes (T2D), one of the major common human health problems, is growing at an alarming rate around the globe. Alpha-glucosidase and dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-IV) enzymes play a significant role in development of T2D. Hence, reduction or inhibition of their activity can be one of the important strategies in management of T2D. Studies in the field of bioactive peptides have shown that dietary proteins could be natural source of alpha-glucosidase and DPP-IV inhibitory peptides.
EFFECTS OF COOKED LENTILS ON GLYCEMIC CONTROL AND BLOOD LIPIDS OF PATIENTS WITH TYPE 2 DIABETES; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus is the most important endocrine disease worldwide. Scientists recommend consumption of low glycemic index (LGI) foods for prevention and control of diabetess. This study was designed to test the effects of cooked lentil as a LGI food on blood glucose and lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
Probiotics and synbiotics supplementation improve glycemic control parameters in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics and synbiotics have been proposed to exhibit an important role in glucose homeostasis and maintain the balance of the gut microbiota. However, clinical trials have shown mixed findings. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effects of probiotics and synbiotics intake on glycemic outcomes among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library were searched up to March 2022 for published RCTs exploring the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics compared to control on glycemic outcomes. The random-effects model was applied in order to the estimation of 95 % confidence interval (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for each endpoint. Meta-analysis of forty-six RCTs (3067 participants) showed that probiotics and synbiotics supplementation significantly reduced fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): -11.18 mg/dl, 95 % CI: -13.60, -8.75, p<0.001), fasting insulin serum level (WMD: -1.23 mu IU/ml, 95 % CI: -1.76, -0.71, p<0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD: -0.35 %, 95 % CI: -0.44, -0.26, p<0.001), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.87, 95 % CI: -1.09, -0.65, p<0.001). Additionally, probiotics and synbiotics intake resulted in an increase in values of quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (WMD: 0.01, 95 % CI: 0.00, 0.01, p<0.001). However, probiotics and synbiotics consumption did not change glucose values following oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Our findings suggest that probiotic and synbiotic intake has favorable effects on glycemic profile in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
Effects of Combined Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation on Insulin Secretion, Insulin Sensitivity and β-Cell Function in Multi-Ethnic Vitamin D-Deficient Adults at Risk for Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objectives: To examine whether combined vitamin D and calcium supplementation improves insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, beta-cell function, inflammation and metabolic markers.
The Effects of Oral Probiotics on Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM): A Clinical Trial Systematic Literature Review; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) remains a global health concern. Emerging clinical trial (CT) evidence suggests that probiotic intervention may promote a healthy gut microbiome in individuals with T2DM, thereby improving management of the disease. This systematic literature review summarizes thirty-three CTs investigating the use of oral probiotics for the management of T2DM. Here, twenty-one studies (64%) demonstrated an improvement in at least one glycemic parameter, while fifteen studies (45%) showed an improvement in at least one lipid parameter. However, no article in this review was able to establish a uniform decrease in glycemic, lipid, or blood pressure profiles. The lack of consistency across the studies may be attributed to differences in probiotic composition, duration of probiotic consumption, and probiotic dose. An interesting finding of this literature review was the beneficial trend of metformin and probiotic co-administration. Here, patients with T2DM taking metformin demonstrated enhanced glycemic control via the co-administration of probiotics. Taken together, the overall positive findings reported across the studies in combination with minimal adverse effects constitute ground for further quality CTs. This review provides recommendations for future CTs that may address the shortcomings of the current studies and help to extract useful data from future investigations of the use of probiotics in T2DM management.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor linagliptin versus sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in overweight patients with type 2 diabetes: A secondary analysis of an 8-week, randomized, controlled, double-blind trial; Aim To determine the glucose-independent effect of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor linagliptin versus the sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in the fasting and postprandial state in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Materials and Methods In this prespecified secondary analysis of a phase IV, double-blind trial, 46 metformin-treated, overweight patients with T2D were included and randomly assigned (1:1) to once-daily linagliptin (5 mg) or glimepiride (1 mg) for 8 weeks. In a sub-study involving 26 patients, systemic haemodynamics were also assessed following a standardized liquid meal (Nutridrink Yoghurt style). Systemic haemodynamics (oscillometric device and finger photoplethysmography), arterial stiffness (applanation tonometry) and cardiac sympathovagal balance (heart rate variability [HRV]) were measured in the fasting state and repetitively following the meal. Ewing tests were performed in the fasting state. Results From baseline to week 8, linagliptin compared with glimepiride did not affect systemic haemodynamics, arterial stiffness or HRV in the fasting state. Linagliptin increased parasympathetic nervous activity, as measured by the Valsalva manoeuvre (P= .021) and deep breathing test (P =.027) compared with glimepiride. Postprandially, systolic blood pressure (SBP) dropped an average of 7.6 +/- 1.6 mmHg. Linagliptin reduced this decrease to 0.7 +/- 2.3 mmHg, which was significant to glimepiride (P= .010). Conclusions When compared with glimepiride, linagliptin does not affect fasting blood pressure. However, linagliptin blunted the postprandial drop in SBP, which could benefit patients with postprandial hypotension.
Implication of sugar, protein and incretins in excessive glucagon secretion in type 2 diabetes after mixed meals; Aims: Amino acids powerfully release glucagon but their contribution to postprandial hyper-glucagonemia in type 2 diabetes remains unclear. Exogenously applied GIP stimulates, while GLP-1 in-hibits, glucagon secretion in humans. However, their role in mixed meals is unclear, which we therefore characterized.Methods: In three experiments, participants with type 2 diabetes and obese controls randomly received different loads of sugars and/or proteins. In the first experiment, participants ingested the rapidly cleaved saccharose (SAC) or slowly cleaved isomaltulose (ISO) which is known to elicit opposite profiles of GIP and GLP-1 secretion. In the second one participants received test meals which contained saccharose or isomaltulose in combination with milk protein. The third set of participants underwent randomized oral protein tests with whey protein or casein. Incretins, glucagon, C-peptide, and insulin were profiled by specific immunological assays.Results: 50 g of the sugars alone suppressed glucagon in controls but slightly less in type 2 diabetes patients. Participants with type 2 diabetes showed excessive glucagon responses within 15 min and lasting over 3 h, while the obese controls showed small initial and delayed greater glucagon responses to mixed meals. The release of GIP was significantly faster and greater with SAC compared to ISO, while GLP-1 showed an inverse pattern. The glucagon responses to whey or casein were only moderately increased in type 2 diabetes patients without a left shift of the dose response curve.Conclusions: The rapid hypersecretion of glucagon after mixed meals in type 2 diabetes patients compared to controls is unaffected by endogenous incretins. The defective suppression of glucagon by glucose combined with hypersecretion to protein is required for the exaggerated response. Clinical trials numbers: NCT03806920, NCT02219295, NCT04564391.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Effects of Calcium Plus Vitamin D Supplementation on Anthropometric Measurements and Blood Pressure in Vitamin D Insufficient People with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Up to 75% of the risk of type 2 diabetes is attributable to obesity. Therefore, finding a way to control obesity can be useful for management of diabetes.Objective: This study was performed to assess the effects of vitamin D3 and calcium supplementation on anthropometric measurements and blood pressure in vitamin D insufficient people with type 2 diabetes.Methods: One hundred eighteen patients with diabetes were enrolled in this randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial. All subjects were randomly assigned into 4 groups receiving (1) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 plus (equal to 7143 IU/d) calcium placebo; (2) 1000mg/d calcium plus vitamin D3 placebo; (3) 50,000 IU/wk vitamin D3 (equal to 7143 IU/d) plus 1000mg/d calcium; or (4) vitamin D3 placebo plus calcium placebo for 8 weeks. Anthropometric measurements and blood pressure were assessed at study baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention.Results: A greater reduction in body mass index was observed in calcium plus vitamin D group than other groups (p = 0.03). Comparison of changes in waist circumference among 4 groups revealed no significant difference in crude model (p = 0.21) and when the effect of confounders was taken into account (p = 0.08). Calcium supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in hip circumference compared to other groups (p <0.001). Systolic blood pressure significantly decreased in the calcium plus vitamin D group compared to placebo (-7.3 8.7 mmHg vs 0.5 +/- 8.2 mmHg; p = 0.001). However, calcium and vitamin D supplementation had no significant effects on diastolic blood pressure.Conclusion: Calcium-vitamin D3 cosupplementation can have beneficial effect on body mass index (BMI), hip circumference, and systolic blood pressure in vitamin D-insufficient type 2 diabetics.
An Extended Theory of Planned Behavior Intervention for Older Adults With Type 2 Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease; A randomized controlled trial evaluated the effectiveness of a 4-wk extended theory of planned behavior (TPB) intervention to promote regular physical activity and healthy eating among older adults diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease (N = 183). Participants completed TPB measures of attitude, subjective norm, perceived behavioral control, and intention, as well as planning and behavior, at preintervention and 1 wk and 6 wk postintervention for each behavior. No significant time-by-condition effects emerged for healthy eating. For physical activity, significant time-by-condition effects were found for behavior, intention, planning, perceived behavioral control, and subjective norm. In particular, compared with control participants, the intervention group showed short-term improvements in physical activity and planning, with further analyses indicating that the effect of the intervention on behavior was mediated by planning. The results indicate that TPB-based interventions including planning strategies may encourage physical activity among older people with diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Prevalence of Complementary Alternative Medicine Use among Patients With Type II Diabetes in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia; The uses of Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) among patients with chronic diseases are becoming increasingly popular. This was a descriptive cross-sectional study conducted in 45 government health clinics across Negeri Sembilan. Respondents at diabetes clinics were selected via systematic random sampling and interviewed using structured questionnaire. CAM usage was divided into three groups; CAM use for diabetes (CAM-DM), CAM use for general health (CAM-G) and Non CAM user. The prevalent use of CAM among type II diabetes mellitus patients in Negeri Sembilan was 58.5% (CAM-DM: 40.6% and CAM-G: 17.9%). For CAM-DM group, bitter gourd (Momordica charantia) was the most popular CAM consumed to help control diabetes, while supplement milk was the most popular choice for the CAM-G group. In conclusion, the use of CAM among type II diabetes mellitus patients in Negeri Sembilan was common. Natural products are the main choice of CAM modality used to help with the management of diabetes. Majority of CAM users never informed their healthcare providers about their CAM use.
Probiotic supplementation for management of cardiovascular risk factors in adults with type II diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background & aims: The effectiveness of probiotics in control of hypertension and dyslipidemia in diabetic patients remains unclear. Therefore, we systematically reviewed relevant data to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure and lipid profile of type 2 diabetic patients.
The Effect of Adding Job's Tears to Yogurt on Plasma Glycated Albumin, Weight, and Lipid Profile in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background. A potential effect of Job's tears on metabolic diseases has been recognized. However, studies on the effect of Job's tears on lipid profile and glycated albumin (GA) are still rare. This study aimed to examine the influence of Job's tears in conjunction with probiotics on the lipid profile and GA concentration of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods. This double-blind 12-week study involved 60 patients with type 2 diabetes assigned randomly into two groups. The first group consumed yogurt alone (containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium Bb12), while the second had yogurt with Job's tears once daily (200 ml each). Lipids and GA concentrations were measured using an enzymatic colorimetric assay. Paired and unpaired Students t-test, Wilcoxon signed-rank, and Mann-Whitney test were applied. Statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. Results. The characteristics of the groups were comparable except for baseline plasma GA (p=0.012). Subjects who used Metformin were distributed equally between the groups (p=0.118). Caloric intake between the groups also did not differ (p=0.856). There was also no change in weight, BMI, or plasma GA. Yogurt and the mixture of Job's tears and yogurt reduced cholesterol and LDL and increased HDL (all p < 0.05) within the groups. However, HDL levels in patients who had Job's tears were significantly elevated than yogurt alone (0.9 vs. 25 mg/dL, p=0.029). Conclusion. The combination of Job's tears and yogurt improved HDL more than yogurt alone.
Soy Milk Consumption and Blood Pressure Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption cardiovascular risk and biomarkers of renal function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.
Daily consumption of vitamin D- or vitamin D plus calcium-fortified yogurt drink improved glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Low serum concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] have been associated with impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes.
A pilot study on the effects of a polyherbal formulation cream on diabetic foot ulcers; Background & objectives: Diabetic foot ulcers are the most common cause of non-traumatic lower extremity amputations in developing countries. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the safety of using a polyherbal formulation in healing diabetic foot ulcers in comparison with standard silver sulphadiazine cream among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of camel milk in comparison with cow milk on blood glucose and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial; Context: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common metabolic disorder. In traditional medicine, camel milk has been used in the treatment of some of diseases such as diabetes. The studies on effect of camel milk on glycemic control are limited and contradictory.
Application of BASNEF educational model for nutritional education among elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: improving the glycemic control; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of nutritional educational program on glycemic control of elderly patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of probiotics on lipid profiles and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes: A meta-analysis of RCTs; Background:This meta-analysis aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of probiotics on blood lipid and blood pressure among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) based on the randomized controlled studies.Methods:PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, Wanfang, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and VIP database were searched by the index words to identify the qualified randomized control trial. The latest research was done in the January 2017. Mean difference (MD) along with 95% confidence interval (CI) was used to analyze the included outcomes.Results:Ten trials were included at last with 297 patients in the treatment group and 294 patients in the control group. Probiotics significantly decreased the value of total cholesterol (SMD -0.57, 95% CI -0.92 to 0.21), triglyceride (SMD -0.66, 95% CI -0.93 to 0.39), low-density lipoprotein (SMD -0.40, 95% CI -0.79 to 0.01), systolic blood pressure (WMD -5.04, 95% CI -8.8 to 1.20), diastolic blood pressure (SMD -0.39, 95% CI -0.62 to 0.17), fasting blood glucose (FBG) (SMD 3.54, 95% CI 1.94-5.15) compared with the placebo treatment. Apart from this, probiotics could significantly improve the value of high-density lipoprotein (SMD 0.38, 95% CI 0.03-0.73).Conclusion:Probiotics may decrease the indexes of lipid profile, blood pressure, and FBG in patients with T2DM; application of probiotics might be a new method for lipid profiles and blood pressure management in T2DM.
Beneficial effects of cocoa on lipid peroxidation and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients and investigation of probable interactions of cocoa active ingredients with prostaglandin synthase-2 (PTGS-2/COX-2) using virtual analysis; Background and aim: Altered glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, lipid levels and inflammatory markers are important risk factors in diabetes, cardiovascular, and many other diseases. Cocoa has been shown to exert antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. The aim of this study is twofold: to assess the effect of Cocoa on the lipid profile and peroxidation in addition to the inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients, and to represent a virtual model of probable action mechanism of observed clinical effects of Cocoa consumption using in silico analysis and bioinformatics data.
Effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common endocrine disease. Altered gut microbiota (Dysbiosis) is closely associated with development of T2DM. Growing body of evidence hy-pothesized that probiotics intake may be useful for patients with T2DM. We investigated the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with T2DM.Methods: In this 12-week randomized controlled clinical trial, seventy-two patients with T2DM were randomly assigned to the intervention group (IG) that received 200 g/d probiotic yogurt containing 4.65 x 106 CFU/g Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis) or placebo group (PG) that received 200 g/d conventional yogurt.Results: We found no difference between two groups in fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-c) after intervention. After adjusting for baseline values of covariate, a significant reduction in HbA1c (mean change:-0.76 +/- 1.3 vs.-0.15 +/- 1.3; P = 0.01), TC (mean change:-10.61 +/- 27.8 vs.-2.97 +/- 35.0; P = 0.02) and LDL-c (mean change:-8.62 +/- 21.7 vs. 0.02 +/- 25.8; P = 0.004) was observed in the IG compared to the PG. In addition, a non-significant trend to reduction was observed in term of FPG (mean change:-19.61 +/- 29.1 vs.-4.19 +/- 24.2; P = 0.13). TG and HDL-c remained unchanged.Conclusions: Probiotic yogurt consumption may be useful for patients with T2DM. More well-designed clinical trials with longer intervention duration are required. Registered on 30 July 2022 at Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220226054125N1) with URL: https://www.irct.ir/trial/62304.(c) 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
β-Lactoglobulin Elevates Insulin and Glucagon Concentrations Compared with Whey Protein-A Randomized Double-Blinded Crossover Trial in Patients with Type Two Diabetes Mellitus; Whey protein is an insulinotropic fraction of dairy that reduces postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have recently shown that beta-lactoglobulin (BLG), the largest protein fraction of whey, elevates insulin concentrations compared with iso-nitrogenous whey protein isolate (WPI) in healthy individuals. We therefore hypothesized that BLG pre-meals would lower glucose levels compared with WPI in patients with T2DM. We investigated 16 participants with T2DM using a randomized double-blinded cross-over design with two pre-meal interventions, (i) 25 g BLG and (ii) 25 g WPI prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), followed by four days of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) at home. BLG increased concentrations of insulin with 10%, glucagon with 20%, and glucose with 10% compared with WPI after the OGTT (all p < 0.05). Both BLG and WPI reduced the interstitial fluid (ISF) glucose concentrations (using CGM) with 2 mM and lowered glycemic variability with 10-15%, compared with tap-water (p < 0.05), and WPI lowered the ISF glucose with 0.5 mM compared with BLG from 120 min and onwards (p < 0.05). In conclusion, BLG pre-meals resulted in higher insulin, glucagon, and glucose concentrations compared with WPI in participants with T2DM. Pre-meal servings of WPI remains the most potent protein in terms of lowering postprandial glucose excursions.
Effects of Two Different Dietary Patterns on Inflammatory Markers, Advanced Glycation End Products and Lipids in Subjects without Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomised Crossover Study; Epidemiological studies suggest that consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome and increased inflammatory and fibrinolytic markers. We hypothesised that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would increase inflammatory markers and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) compared with a diet high in dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes (HWD). We performed a randomised crossover study of two four-week interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 +/- 15.6 years; body mass index: 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2)). No baseline measurements were performed. Plasma fluorescent AGEs, carboxymethyllysine, glucose, insulin, lipids, hs-CRP, interleukin 6 (IL-6) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were analysed after four weeks on each diet. IL-6, hs-CRP, AGEs and carboxymethyllysine were not different between diets but PAI-1 was higher after the HMD than after HWD ((median and interquartile range) 158, 81 vs. 121, 53 ng/mL p < 0.001). PAI-1 on the HWD diet was inversely correlated with whole grains intake (p = 0.007). PAI-1 was inversely correlated with insulin sensitivity index (r = 0.45; p = 0.001) and positively correlated with serum total cholesterol (r = 0.35; p = 0.012) and serum triglyceride (r = 0.32; p = 0.021) on HMD. This trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12614000519651).
Dietary Protein Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: ADose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The relationship between dietary protein consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been inconsistent. The aim of this meta-analysis was to explore the relations between dietary protein consumption and the risk of T2D. We conducted systematic retrieval of prospective studies in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science. Summary relative risks were compiled with a fixed effects model or a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model and generalized least squares analysis were used to evaluate the diet-T2D incidence relationship. T2D risk increased with increasing consumption of total protein and animal protein, red meat, processed meat, milk, and eggs, respectively, while plant protein and yogurt had an inverse relationship. A non-linear association with the risk for T2D was found for the consumption of plant protein, processed meat, milk, yogurt, and soy. This meta-analysis suggests that substitution of plant protein and yogurt for animal protein, especially red meat and processed meat, can reduce the risk for T2D.
Yogurt and Diabetes: Overview of Recent Observational Studies; The effects of dairy consumption on the prevention of type 2 diabetes remain controversial and depend on the dairy subtype. Yogurt intake has received special attention because its association with health benefits is more consistent than that of other types of dairy products. In the present article, we review those observational studies that evaluated the association between yogurt consumption and type 2 diabetes. We also discuss the possible mechanisms involved in these associations. We found that 13 prospective studies evaluated the association between yogurt intake and type 2 diabetes, most of which showed an inverse association between the frequency of yogurt consumption and the risk of diabetes. In addition to the scientific evidence accumulated from individual prospective studies, several meta-analyses have shown that yogurt consumption has a potential role in diabetes prevention. The most recent analysis shows a 14% lower risk of type 2 diabeteswhen yogurt consumption was 80-125 g/d compared with no yogurt consumption. The intake of fermented dairy products, especially yogurt, has been inversely associated with variables of glucosemetabolism. Yogurt may have probiotic effects that couldmodulate glucose metabolism. We conclude that yogurt consumption, in the context of a healthy dietary pattern, may reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes in healthy and older adults at high cardiovascular risk. Large-scale intervention studies and randomized clinical trials are warranted to determine if yogurt consumption has beneficial effects on insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Improvement of Dietary Quality with the Aid of a Low Glycemic Index Diet in Asian Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: This randomized controlled study was conducted to determine the effect of low glycerine index (Cl) dietary advice on eating patterns and dietary quality in Asian patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM).
Milk intake is not associated with low risk of diabetes or overweight-obesity: a Mendelian randomization study in 97,811 Danish individuals; Background: High dairy/milk intake has been associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes observationally, but whether this represents a causal association is unknown.
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial); Background Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub-population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant-based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. Methods One hundred and twenty men and women >= 65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week; ad-libitum plant-based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Discussion The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty.
Lactobacillus GG is associated with mucin genes expressions in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial; PurposeRecent studies indicate that dysbiosis of gut microbiota and low-grade inflammation are important pathogenic determinants of type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus GG on glycemic control, lipid profile, inflammatory parameters, and some gene expression levels in individuals with T2DM.MethodsIn a randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 34 women, aged 30-60 years with T2DM consumed daily probiotics or placebo for 8 weeks. The probiotic group consumed 10 x 10(9) Cfu/day Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG ATCC 53,103 (LGG), approved by the TR Ministry of Food, Agriculture, and Livestock. Anthropometric measurements, food diary, fasting blood, and fecal samples were taken at baseline and post-treatment.ResultsFasting blood glucose was significantly decreased in probiotic (p = 0.049) and placebo (p = 0.028), but there was no difference between the groups. In the probiotic group, no significant difference was observed in HbA1c, fructosamine, lipid profile, and inflammatory variables compared to baseline. In this group, with LGG supplementation, mucin 2 and 3A (MUC2 and MUC3A) gene expressions increased more than ninefolds (p = 0.046 and p = 0.008, respectively) at post-treatment. Meanwhile, there was no significant change in any of the gene expressions in the placebo group. There was no significant difference in energy, protein, dietary fiber, and cholesterol intakes between placebo and probiotic groups during the study. However, daily fat intake (p = 0.003), body weight (p = 0.014), and body fat (p = 0.015) in the probiotic group were significantly decreased.ConclusionIn this study, the effects of a single probiotic strain were investigated for 8 weeks. At the end of the study, although there was no finding that clearly reflected on the glycemic parameters of T2DM, its beneficial effects on the expression of mucin genes, which are responsible for weight loss and protection of intestinal barrier functions, cannot be denied. Further studies are needed to reveal the importance of these findings.
Insulin-like growth factor I, binding proteins-1 and-3, risk of type 2 diabetes and macronutrient intakes in men; The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis may be involved in the development of type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of IGF-I and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 and -3 with diabetes risk and evaluated macronutrient intakes related to the observed associations. In a nested case-control study of the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study of Finnish male smokers aged 50-69 years, the IGF variables were measured from baseline serum samples for a random sample of 310 men with diabetes diagnosed during a 12-year follow-up and for 310 controls matched by age, recruitment day and intervention group. Diet at baseline was assessed using a validated FFQ. The associations of IGF proteins with diabetes risk were estimated using conditional logistic regression and the associations with macronutrient intakes using linear regression. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not associated with the incidence of diabetes. Higher IGFBP-1 was associated with lower diabetes risk in an unadjusted crude model (OR 0.25; 95% CI 0.15, 0.42 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest), but not after adjustment for BMI (corresponding OR 0.76; 95% CI 0.41, 1.40). Intakes of carbohydrates, plant protein and milk protein associated positively and intake of meat protein and fat negatively with IGFBP-1 (P < 0.005). IGFBP-1 was inversely associated with diabetes risk, but the association was substantially dependent on BMI. The associations between macronutrient intakes and IGFBP-1 may reflect influences of nutrients or foods on insulin concentrations.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Eating Plan Affects C-Reactive Protein, Coagulation Abnormalities, and Hepatic Function Tests among Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Few studies exist regarding the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on novel cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetic patients. We evaluated the effects of the DASH eating pattern on C-reactive protein (CRP) level, coagulation abnormalities, and hepatic function tests in type 2 diabetic patients. In this randomized, crossover clinical trial, 31 type 2 diabetic patients consumed a control diet or the DASH diet for 8 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d sodium. The control diet was a standard diet for diabetic patients. There was a 4-wk washout between the 2 trial phases. The main outcome measures were CRP level, coagulation indices, and hepatic function tests. The mean percent change for plasma CRP level was -26.9 +/- 3.5% after the DASH diet period and -5.1 +/- 3.8% after the control diet period (P = 0.02). Decreases in both alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were greater after consuming the DASH diet compared with the control diet (-14.8 +/- 3.0% vs -6.6 +/- 3.4%; P = 0.001; -29.4 +/- 3.7% vs -5.9 +/- 1.4%; P = 0.001, respectively). The decrease in the plasma fibrinogen level during the DASH diet period (-11.4 +/- 3.6%) was greater than that during the control diet (0.5 +/- 3.4%) (P = 0.03). Among diabetic patients, the DASH diet can play an important role in reducing inflammation, plasma levels of fibrinogen, and liver aminotransferases. Future longer term studies are recommended. J. Nutr. 141: 1083-1088, 2011.
Postprandial endothelial dysfunction in subjects with new-onset type 2 diabetes: an acarbose and nateglinide comparative study; Background: Postprandial hyperglycemia is believed to affect vascular endothelial function. The aim of our study was to compare the effects of acarbose and nateglinide on postprandial endothelial dysfunction.
Clinical application of probiotics in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background & aims: Type 2 diabetes has been associated with dysbiosis and one of the possible routes to restore a healthy gut microbiota is by the regular ingestion of probiotics. We aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on glycemic control, lipid profile, inflammation, oxidative stress and short chain fatty acids in T2D.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Alters Serum Metabolite Profiles in Subjects at Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes; Scope Metabolomics is increasingly used to identify biomarkers of diet or chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. Yet, metabolite signatures following dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects have not been identified. The objective is to evaluate the effects of a high dairy diet (HD) for 6 weeks (4 servings or more per day), compared with an adequate dairy diet (AD) (2 servings or less per day), on serum metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic adults. Methods and results In this crossover trial, subjects are randomized to HD or AD for 6 weeks. Serum metabolites are assessed using GC/MS. Twenty-six subjects completed the study. Levels of pentadecanoic acid, tyrosine and lathosterol are increased in HD, while 1,5-anhydrosorbitol, myo-inositol, 3-aminoisobutyric acid and beta-sitosterol are decreased (p < 0.05). Sorbitol levels are increased after AD, while hexanoic acid, lauric acid, l-kynurenine, methionine, and benzoic acid levels are reduced (p < 0.05). Histidine, caprylic acid, nonanoic acid, decanoic acid, lauric acid, heptadecanoic acid, and benzoic acid levels are increased in HD compared to AD, while malic acid levels are increased in AD compared with HD (p < 0.05). Conclusion Higher dairy products intake modifies metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Association between dairy intake and the risk of contracting type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis with subgroup analysis of men versus women; Context: The association between dairy product intake and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) or cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been investigated in several studies, but little attention was given to the role of sex as a moderator of these associations. (In this article, the term "sex" is used to denote the biologically-based differences between males and females.) Objective: This meta-analysis examines whether dairy consumption has different effects on T2D and CVD in men and women. Data sources: The PubMed database and previous reviews were searched for cohort studies published between 2006 and 2016. Data Extraction and Analysis: Reported risk ratios (RRs) for T2D/CVD with high versus low dairy intake were extracted. A random-effects model has been used to calculate the pooled RR. A subgroup analysis was conducted to compare the results for men and women. Results: The present meta-analysis of 201 studies found that T2D (n = 16 studies) and CVD (n = 13 studies) are inversely associated with dairy intake. Subgroup analysis for sex showed that the association between dairy intake and T2D and between dairy intake and CVD are significant in women (RR for T2D = 0.868; 95% CI, 0.82-0.92; P<0.001; RR for CVD = 0.837; 95% CI, 0.75-0.93; P<0.001) but not in men. Conclusions: There is an inverse association between high dairy intake and the risk of developing T2D and CVD in women.
Effects of<i> Lactobacillus</i><i> plantarum</i> supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Lactobacillus plantarum has been shown to improve glucose and lipid metabolism in mouse models of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, it remains unclear whether such benefits extend to humans. A systematic review and meta -analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to clarify the effect of L. plantarum supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in T2DM and prediabetes. The PubMed, Cochrane, and Web of Science databases were searched. A random -effects model was used to estimate the pooled mean difference with 95% CI (confidence interval). L. plantarum supplementation reduced the levels of fasting plasma glucose (-0.41, 95%CI -0.63, -0.19 mg/dL; n = 5) and hemoglobin A1c (-0.2, 95%CI: -0.3, 0%; n = 4). A non -statistically significant tendency towards improvements in the Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (MD: -0.74, 95%CI: -1.72, 0.25; n = 3), lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (-6.87; 95%CI: -15.03, 1.29 mg/dL; n = 3), high -density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD: 1.34; 95%CI: -0.78, 3.46 mg/dL; n = 3), triglyceride (MD: -3.90; 95%CI: -11.05, 3.24 mg/dL; n = 3), and total cholesterol (MD: -4.88; 95%CI: -11.84, 2.07 mg/dL; n = 3) was observed with the supplementation. In summary, while the evidence from the currently available RCTs provides a crude indication that L. plantarum supplementation might improve glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with T2DM and prediabetes, the benefits of the supplementation are likely subtle, and its clinical significance requires further investigation. (c) 2024 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Reductions in food cravings are similar with low-fat weight loss diets differing in protein and carbohydrate in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial; Food cravings are common in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Higher-protein diets are effective in improving satiety but their effect on cravings is unclear. It was hypothesized that a high protein (HP) diet would provide greater reductions in cravings than an isocaloric higher-carbohydrate diet (HC). In a randomized controlled trial, 61 adults (54% males) with T2D (means +/- SD: BMI 34.3 +/- 5.1 kg/m(2); aged 55 +/- 8 years) consumed either a HP diet (mean across study: 29% protein, 34% carbohydrate, 31% fat) or an isocaloric HC diet (21%:48%:24%) for 12-weeks each of weight loss (WL) and weight maintenance (WM). The Food Craving Inventory (FCI), measuring types of foods craved and the General Food Craving Questionnaires measuring traits (G-FCQ-T) and states (G-FCQ-S) were assessed at Weeks 0, 12 and 24. Weight changes were similar between groups (means +/- SEM: WL: -7.8 +/- 0.6 kg, WM: -0.6 +/- 0.4 kg). No group effects or group x time interactions were found for any outcome (P >= .07). Independent of group, all food cravings (except carbohydrates) and G-FCQ-T subscales decreased over the 24-week study (P <= .04) with sweets and fast food cravings, loss of control and emotional cravings reducing following WL (P <= .03). Obsessive preoccupation with food decreased following both phases (WL: P = .03; WM: P = .001). Weight was associated with several FCI subscales (r >= 0.24, P <= .04). In conclusion, both the HP and HC diets provided significant reductions in food cravings after similar weight losses which were maintained when weight was stabilized. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Silymarin in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and nephropathy-now the leading cause of end-stage renal disease and dialysis in Europe and the United States. Inflammation and oxidative stress play a pivotal role in the development of diabetic complications. Silymarin, an herbal drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, may improve glycemic control and prevent the progression of the complications. In a systematic review and meta-analysis including five randomized controlled trials and 270 patients, routine silymarin administration determines a significant reduction in fasting blood glucose levels (-26.86mg/dL; 95% CI -35.42-18.30) and HbA1c levels (-1.07; 95% CI -1.73-0.40) and has no effect on lipid profile. Benefits for silymarin on proteinuria and CKD progressions are reported in only one small study and are uncertain. However, being aware of the low quality of the available evidence and elevated heterogeneity of these studies, no recommendation can be made and further studies are needed.
Effect of probiotics on glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Our aim was to investigate the effects of probiotics on glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.
Food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). We conducted a systematic search in PubMed, Embase, Medline (Ovid), Cochrane Central, and Google Scholar for prospective studies investigating the association between whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) on risk of T2D. Summary relative risks were estimated using a random effects model by contrasting categories, and for linear and non-linear dose-response relationships. Six out of the 12 food-groups showed a significant relation with risk of T2D, three of them a decrease of risk with increasing consumption (whole grains, fruits, and dairy), and three an increase of risk with increasing consumption (red meat, processed meat, and SSB) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There was evidence of a non-linear relationship between fruits, vegetables, processed meat, whole grains, and SSB and T2D risk. Optimal consumption of risk-decreasing foods resulted in a 42% reduction, and consumption of risk-increasing foods was associated with a threefold T2D risk, compared to non-consumption. The meta-evidence was graded "low'' for legumes and nuts; "moderate'' for refined grains, vegetables, fruit, eggs, dairy, and fish; and "high'' for processed meat, red meat, whole grains, and SSB. Among the investigated food groups, selecting specific optimal intakes can lead to a considerable change in risk of T2D.
Kidney Function Improvement by Soy Milk Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum A7</i> in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy A Double-Blinded Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction. Even with the ultimate medical management, more than one-third of diabetic patients develop diabetic nephropathy. To our knowledge, there is no study that has examined the effect of probiotic soy milk on kidney function in type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy. This clinical trial aimed to assess the effects of consumption of probiotic soy milk, compared with conventional soy milk, on kidney-related indexes in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Genetically predicted milk consumption and bone health, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes: a Mendelian randomization study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk provides protein and micronutrients, and is recommended by some dietary guidelines, particularly for bone health. Meta-analysis of small randomized controlled trials suggests that milk may increase bone mineral density, but they are very heterogeneous. No randomized controlled trial has assessed the effects of milk on major chronic diseases. Previous Mendelian randomization studies of milk did not consider bone health, found no effects on ischemic heart disease (IHD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) but higher body mass index. Using larger genetic studies, we estimated the effects of milk on osteoporosis, IHD, T2D, adiposity, lipids and glycemic traits.
Total and subtypes of dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study; Background: The associations between dietary fat and cardiovascular disease have been evaluated in several studies, but less is known about their influence on the risk of diabetes.
The efficacy of <i>Silybum marianum</i> (L.) Gaertn. (Silymarin) in the treatment of type II diabetes:: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial; Oxidative stresses are increasingly implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications which may either cause direct pancreatic beta-cell damage or lead to metabolic abnormalities that can induce or aggravate diabetes. The valuable effect of antioxidant nutrients on the glycemic control of diabetic patients has been reported in experimental and clinical studies. The present study was designed to investigate the effects of the herbal medicine, Silybum marianum seed extract (silymarin), which is known to have antioxidant properties on the glycemic profile in diabetic patients. A 4-month randomized double-blind clinical trial was conducted in 51 type II diabetic patients in two well-matched groups. The first group (n = 25) received a silymarin (200 mg) tablet 3 times a day plus conventional therapy. The second group (n = 26) received the same therapy but a placebo tablet instead of silymarin. The patients were visited monthly and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1)c), fasting blood glucose (FBS), insulin, total cholesterol, LDL and HDL, triglyceride, SGOT and SGPT levels were determined at the beginning and the end of the study. The results showed a significant decrease in HbA(1)c, FBS, total cholesterol, LDL, triglyceride SGOT and SGPT levels in silymarin treated patients compared with placebo as well as with values at the beginning of the study in each group. In conclusion, silymarin treatment in type II diabetic patients for 4 months has a beneficial effect on improving the glycemic profile. Copyright (c) 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Weight loss improves β-cell function independently of dietary carbohydrate restriction in people with type 2 diabetes: A 6-week randomized controlled trial; Background: Carbohydrate restriction may benefit beta-cell function and glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes (T2D) but also leads to weight loss which in itself is beneficial.
Sugar-Sweetened Product Consumption Alters Glucose Homeostasis Compared with Dairy Product Consumption in Men and Women at Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Dietary patterns characterized by high intakes of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy products, and low glycemic load have been associated with lower type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk. In contrast, dietary patterns that include high intakes of refined grains, processed meats, and high amounts of added sugars have been associated with increased T2DM risk.
Camel Milk Has Beneficial Effects on Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Context: Controlling diabetes, a worldwide metabolic disease, by effective alternative treatments is currently a topic of great interest. Camel milk is believed to be a suitable hypoglycemic agent in experimental animals and patients with diabetes. The current systematic review aimed at evaluating the effect of camel milk on diabetes.
The Effects of Dairy Intake on Insulin Resistance: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) has increased in the US over the last several years. The consumption of low-fat dairy foods has been linked with decreasing the risk of DM but studies have yet to show a clear correlation. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of dairy intake on homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), waist circumference, and body weight. In MEDLINE and Embase, we identified and reviewed 49 relevant RCTs: 30 had appropriate data format for inclusion in the meta-analysis. Using the Review Manager 5 software, we calculated the pooled standardized mean differences comparing dairy dietary interventions to control for our outcomes of interest. For HOMA-IR (794 individuals), we found a mean difference of -1.21 (95% CI -1.74 to -0.67; p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 92%). For waist circumference (1348 individuals), the mean difference was -1.09 cm (95% CI 1.68 to -0.58; p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 94%). For body weight (2362 individuals), the dairy intake intervention group weighed 0.42 kg less than control (p-value < 0.00001; I-2 = 92%). Our findings suggest that dairy intake, especially low-fat dairy products, has a beneficial effect on HOMA-IR, waist circumference, and body weight. This could impact dietary recommendations to reduce DM risk.
COMPARISON OF CALORIE-DEFINED DIET WITH CONVENTIONAL EXCHANGE DIET IN TYPE-2 DIABETES-MELLITUS; Meal planning using food exchange lists is problematic for many elderly type 2 diabetic subjects because the system is too complicated and too rigid regarding the daily meals. In addition, exchange lists are calorically imprecise. 12 non-insulin-dependent diabetic subjects agreed to participate in the present study (6 male, 6 female; age 40-82 years, weight 80 +/- 6 kg; Hb(Alc) 7.3 +/- 0.3%); they received sequentially in randomized order either a diet using exchange lists, or a diet defined by total amount of allowed daily calories ("calorie diet"), both containing approx. 25 calories/kg ideal body weight/day, each for 8 weeks. The "exchange lists" mainly contained foods which were defined according to their content in carbohydrates (including bread exchanges, fruit exchanges, milk exchanges, vegetable exchanges). With the "calorie diet" the patients were relatively free during the day, the only rule being that they were allowed to consume a certain amount of calories per day, using a "calorie ruler". The results demonstrated that body weight decreased similarly during both diet periods (2.0 +/- 0.8 kg during the exchange list diet; 2.5 +/- 0.9 kg during the "calorie diet"). Fasting blood glucose concentration decreased during the "calorie diet" by 7% (p < 0.05; fasting blood glucose at the end of the "calorie diet" was lower than after the exchange list diet (p < 0.016).
Comparative analysis of the efficacies of probiotic supplementation and glucose-lowering drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs (thiazolidinedione [TZD], glucagon-like pep-tide-1 receptor agonists [GLP-1 RA], dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors, and sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors [SGLT-2i]) in patients with type 2 diabetes from randomized con-trolled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of science, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were searched on the treatment effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs on glycemia, lipids, and blood pressure metabolism published between Jan 2015 and April 2021. We performed meta-analyses using the random-effects model. We included 25 RCTs (2,843 participants). Overall, GLP-1RA, SGLT-2i, and TZD significantly reduce fasting blood sugar (FBS) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), whereas GLP-1 RA increased the risk of hypoglycaemia. Multispecies probiotics decrease FBS, total cholesterol (TC), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP). Moreover, subgroup analyses indicated that participants aged > 55 years, BMI >= 30 kg/m(2), longer duration of intervention, and subjects from Eastern countries, showed significantly higher reduction in FBS and HbA1c, TC, TG and SBP. This meta-analysis revealed that including multiple probiotic rather than glucose-lowering drugs might be more beneficial regarding T2D prevention who suffering from simultaneously hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension.
Effect of Probiotic Fermented Milk (Kefir) on Glycemic Control and Lipid Profile In Type 2 Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Diabetes is a global health problem in the world. Probiotic food has anti-diabetic property. The aim of this trial was to determine the effect of probiotic fermented milk (kefir) on glucose and lipid profile control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Postprandial effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins and vascular reactivity in type 2 diabetes; Background: Plasma lipoproteins may be classified by their apolipoprotein composition. The lipoprotein subclass containing apolipoproteins B and C (LpB:C) is considered the most atherogenic.
Soy Milk Consumption, Inflammation, Coagulation, and Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; OBJECTIVE-To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Pre-Meal Effect of Whey Proteins on Metabolic Parameters in Subjects with and without Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized, Crossover Trial; Diabetic dyslipidemia with elevated postprandial triglyceride (TG) responses is characteristic in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Diet and meal timing can modify postprandial lipemia (PPL). The impact of a pre-meal of whey proteins (WP) on lipid metabolism is unidentified. We determined whether a WP pre-meal prior to a fat-rich meal influences TG and apolipoprotein B-48 (ApoB-48) responses differentially in patients with and without T2D. Two matched groups of 12 subjects with and without T2D accomplished an acute, randomized, cross-over trial. A pre-meal of WP (20 g) or water (control) was consumed 15 min before a fat-rich meal (supplemented with 20 g WP in case of water pre-meal). Postprandial responses were examined during a 360-min period. A WP pre-meal significantly increased postprandial concentrations of insulin (P < 0.0001), glucagon (P < 0.0001) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) (P < 0.0001) in subjects with and without T2D. We detected no effects of the WP pre-meal on TG, ApoB-48, or non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) responses to the fat-rich meal in either group. Paracetamol absorption i.e., gastric emptying was delayed by the WP pre-meal (P = 0.039). In conclusion, the WP pre-meal induced similar hormone and lipid responses in subjects with and without T2D. Thus, the WP pre-meal enhanced insulin, glucagon and GIP responses but did not influence lipid or glucose responses. In addition, we demonstrated that a WP pre-meal reduced gastric emptying in both groups.
Effects of Synbiotic Food Consumption on Serum Minerals, Liver Enzymes, and Blood Pressure in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Double-blind Randomized Cross-over Controlled Clinical Trial; This research was to examine the effects of synbiotic intake on minerals, liver enzymes, and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Methods: This randomized, cross-over clinical trial was performed among 62 diabetic patients. Persons were randomly assigned to intake either a synbiotic (n = 62) or a control food (n = 62) for 6 weeks. A 3-week washout period was applied following which persons were crossed over to the alternate intervention arm for an additional 6 weeks. The synbiotic was consisted of Lactobacillus sporogenes (1 x 10(7) CFU), 0.04 g inulin (HPX) as prebiotic. Persons were asked to consume the synbiotic and control foods 27 g a day. Blood pressure was measured, and blood samples were taken at baseline and after 6-week intervention to assess calcium, magnesium, iron, alkaline phosphatase, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and total bilirubin. Results: The consumption of a synbiotic food, compared to the control food, resulted in a significant rise of calcium (0.66 vs. -0.14 mg/dL, P = 0.03) and iron (5.06 vs. -9.98 mg/dL, P = 0.03). The decrease of total bilirubin (0.08 vs. -0.04 mg/dL; P = 0.009) was also seen in the synbiotic group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Overall, synbiotic in T2D patients had beneficial effects on calcium, iron, and total bilirubin concentrations.
Altered Dairy Protein Intake Does Not Alter Circulatory Branched Chain Amino Acids in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Dairy, as a major component of a high protein diet, is a critical dietary source of branched chain amino acids (BCAA), which are biomarkers of health and diseases. While BCAA are known to be key stimulators of protein synthesis, elevated circulatory BCAA is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study examined the impact of altered dairy intake on plasma BCAA and their potential relationship to insulin sensitivity. Healthy adults (n = 102) were randomized to receive dietary advice to reduce, maintain, or increase habitual dairy intake for 1 month. Food intake was recorded with food frequency questionnaires. Self-reported protein intake from dairy was reported to be reduced (-14.6 +/- 3.0 g/day), maintained (-4.0 +/- 2.0 g/day) or increased (+13.8 +/- 4.1 g/day) according to group allocation. No significant alterations in circulating free amino acids (AA), including BCAA, were measured. Insulin sensitivity, as assessed by homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was also unaltered. A significant change in dairy protein intake showed no significant effect on fasting circulatory BCAA and insulin sensitivity in healthy populations.
Glucose-Lowering Medications and Angina Burden in Patients with Stable Coronary Disease: Results from the Type 2 Diabetes Evaluation of Ranolazine in Subjects With Chronic Stable Angina (TERISA) Trial; Background Different classes of glucose-lowering medications have been associated with varying risks of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, but their effect on angina is unknown. Therefore, we sought to determine the association of different glucose-lowering medication classes with angina frequency and nitroglycerin (NTG) use.
Bioactive peptides in the management of lifestyle-related diseases: Current trends and future perspectives; Lifestyle-related diseases constitute a major concern in the twenty-first century, with millions dying worldwide each year due to chosen lifestyles and associated complications such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. Although synthetic drugs have been shown to be quite effective in the treatment of these conditions, safety of these compounds remains a concern. Natural alternatives to drugs include food-derived peptides are now being explored for the prevention and treatment of lifestyle-related complications. Peptides are fragments nascent in the primary protein sequences and could impart health benefits beyond basic nutritional advantages. Evidence suggests that by controlling adipocyte differentiation and lipase activities, bioactive peptides may be able to prevent obesity. Bioactive peptides act as agents against type 2 diabetes because of their ability to inhibit enzymatic activities of DPP-IV, alpha-amylase, and alpha-glucosidase. Moreover, bioactive peptides can act as competitive inhibitors of angiotensin-converting enzyme, thus eliciting an antihypertensive effect. Bioactive peptides may have a hypocholesterolemic effect by inhibiting cholesterol metabolism pathways and cholesterol synthesis. This review addresses current knowledge of the impact of food-derived bioactive peptides on lifestyle diseases. In addition, future insights on the clinical trials, allergenicity, cytotoxicity, gastrointestinal stability, and regulatory approvals have also been considered.
Associations between dairy foods, diabetes, and metabolic health: Potential mechanisms and future directions; Epidemiological evidence supports an inverse relationship between adequate intake of dairy foods and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2D). The biological mechanisms responsible for this association remain to be established. This review provides a current perspective on proposed mechanisms that may underlie these effects, and highlights how randomized clinical trials can be applied to investigate these relationships. Results from epidemiological studies generally support that consumption of milk and dairy products is associated with a lower incidence of T2D or improvements in glucose homeostasis indices, and studies of animal and cell models support a positive effect of dairy-rich diets or components on metabolic and inflammation factors relevant to T2D and insulin resistance. Emerging evidence indicates that dairy components that alter mitochondrial function (e.g., leucine actions on silent information regulator transcript 1 (SIRT1)-associated pathways), promote gut microbial population shifts, or influence inflammation and cardiovascular function (e.g., Ca-regulated peptides calcitonin gene-related peptide [CGRP] or calcitonin) should be considered as possible mechanistic factors linking dairy intake with lower risk for T2D. The possibility that dairy-derived trans-palmitoleic acid (tC16:1) has metabolic bioactivities has also been proposed. Pre-clinical and clinical studies focusing specifically on these parameters are needed to validate hypotheses regarding the potential roles of dairy products and their components on the determinants of glucose tolerance, particularly insulin sensitivity, pancreatic endocrine function, and inflammation in individuals at-risk for T2D development. Such experiments would complement epidemiological studies and add to the evidence base for recommendations regarding consumption of dairy products and their individual components. Published by Elsevier Inc.
The clinical effects of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet on glycaemic variability in metformin-treated patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A randomised controlled study; Background & aims: High glycaemic variability (GV) is associated with late complications in type 2 diabetes (T2D). We hypothesised that a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet would reduce GV acutely in patients with T2D compared with a conventional diabetes (CD) diet.
Associations between exploratory dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes: a federated meta-analysis of individual participant data from 25 cohort studies; Purpose In several studies, exploratory dietary patterns (DP), derived by principal component analysis, were inversely or positively associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, findings remained study-specific, inconsistent and rarely replicated. This study aimed to investigate the associations between DPs and T2D in multiple cohorts across the world. Methods This federated meta-analysis of individual participant data was based on 25 prospective cohort studies from 5 continents including a total of 390,664 participants with a follow-up for T2D (3.8-25.0 years). After data harmonization across cohorts we evaluated 15 previously identified T2D-related DPs for association with incident T2D estimating pooled incidence rate ratios (IRR) and confidence intervals (CI) by Piecewise Poisson regression and random-effects meta-analysis. Results 29,386 participants developed T2D during follow-up. Five DPs, characterized by higher intake of red meat, processed meat, French fries and refined grains, were associated with higher incidence of T2D. The strongest association was observed for a DP comprising these food groups besides others (IRRpooled per 1 SD = 1.104, 95% CI 1.059-1.151). Although heterogeneity was present (I-2 = 85%), IRR exceeded 1 in 18 of the 20 meta-analyzed studies. Original DPs associated with lower T2D risk were not confirmed. Instead, a healthy DP (HDP1) was associated with higher T2D risk (IRRpooled per 1 SD = 1.057, 95% CI 1.027-1.088). Conclusion Our findings from various cohorts revealed positive associations for several DPs, characterized by higher intake of red meat, processed meat, French fries and refined grains, adding to the evidence-base that links DPs to higher T2D risk. However, no inverse DP-T2D associations were confirmed.
Circulating Saturated Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The effect of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) on incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) is controversial and few have systematically appraised the evidence. We conducted a comprehensive search of prospective studies examining these relationships that were published in PubMed, Web of Science, or EMBASE from 21 February 1989 to 21 February 2019. A total of 19 studies were included for systematic review and 10 for meta-analysis. We estimated the summarized relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) using a random (if I-2 > 50%) or a fixed effects model (if I-2 50%). Although the included studies reported inconclusive results, the majority supported a protective effect of odd-chain and an adverse impact of even-chain SFAs. Meta-analysis showed that the per standard deviation (SD) increase in odd-chain SFAs was associated with a reduced risk of incident T2D (C15:0: 0.86, 0.76-0.98; C17:0: 0.76, 0.59-0.97), while a per SD increase in one even-chain SFA was associated with an increased risk of incident T2D (C14:0: 1.13, 1.09-1.18). No associations were found between other SFAs and incident T2D. In conclusion, our findings suggest an overall protective effect of odd-chain SFAs and the inconclusive impact of even- and very-long-chain SFAs on incident T2D.
Weight-loss induced by carbohydrate restriction does not negatively affect health-related quality of life and cognition in people with type 2 diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Background & aims: We evaluated the effect of weight loss induced by dietary carbohydrate restriction on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and cognition in type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Some Inflammatory Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aims: The mechanism, by which vitamin D influences inflammatory biomarkers in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is not very well known. Thus, a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on some inflammatory biomarkers in T2DM subjects. Methods: We searched randomized controlled trials from PubMed and the Cochrane Library in October 2017 and conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Either a fixedeffects or a random-effects model was used to calculate pooled effects. Results: We identified 13 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The results indicated that the vitamin D supplementation significant decreased the hs-CRP level by 0.45 mu g/mL, whereas the vitamin D supplementation did not influence the TNF-alpha and IL-6. Subgroup analysis showed that vitamin D significantly lowered hs-CRP by 0.34 mu g/mL among trials with a daily vitamin D dose <= 4,000 IU and by 0.31 mu g/mL among trials with time of vitamin D supplementation >12 weeks. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation is beneficial for the reduction of hs-CRP inT2DM subjects but does not have a significant influence on TNF-alpha and IL-6 in T2DM subjects. (c) 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel
Increased consumption of calcium from fat-free milk, energy-restricted diet and educational activities improves metabolic control in overweight type 2 diabetic patients; We assessed the effects of increased Ca consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet and educational activities in the metabolic control of overweight type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Fourteen subjects with T2DM (BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of the two interventions: drink containing 700 mg of Ca (DAIR) or drink containing 0 mg of Ca (CONT) for ninety consecutive days each. Energy-restricted diets (-500 kcal/d; -2092 kJ/d), containing 800 mg of Ca from dietary sources/d, were prescribed for both groups. Questionnaires were applied at baseline and at the end of the study to assess the subjects' knowledge on the disease and on self-care, biochemical variables and physical activity. Blood pressure, food intake, body composition and anthropometry were assessed at baseline, days 45 and 90. There was a higher reduction of body fat %, waist circumference, hip circumference, neck circumference, waist:hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, diastolic/systolic blood pressure and an increase in fat-free mass % in DAIR than in CONT. Uric acid, fasting glucose, Hb1Ac, parathyroid hormone and alanine aminotransferase concentrations reduced and vitamin D concentration increased after 90 d in DAIR compared with CONT. The consumption of energy-restricted diet containing 1200 mg Ca/d seems to favour metabolic control in subjects with T2DM. The educational activities increased the knowledge on the disease care.
Sustained effects of a protein and lipid preload On glucose tolerance in type 2 diabetes patients; Background. Small amounts of nutrients given as a 'preload' can reduce post-meal hyperglycaemic peaks in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients by activating a number of mechanisms involved in glucose homoeostasis. This study was undertaken to ascertain whether this positive effect extends to the late absorptive phase and to identify the main mechanisms involved.
The effects of probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in type 2 diabetic patients with coronary heart disease; Background: This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on metabolic profiles in diabetic patients with coronary heart disease (CHD).
Use of a urea, arginine and carnosine cream versus a standard emollient glycerol cream for treatment of severe xerosis of the feet in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, 8 month, assessor-blinded, controlled trial; Background:
Effect of probiotics on metabolic profiles in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a prevalent metabolic disease which is imposing heavy burden on global health and economy. Recent studies indicate gut microbiota play important role on the pathogenesis and metabolic disturbance of T2DM. As an effective mean of regulating gut microbiota, probiotics are live micro-organisms that are believed to provide a specific health benefit on the host. Whether probiotic supplementation could improve metabolic profiles by modifying gut microbiota in T2DM or not is still in controversy.The aim of the study is to assess the effect of probiotic supplementation on metabolic profiles in T2DM.We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library up to 12 April 2016. Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, and evaluated risk of bias of included studies. Data were pooled by using the random-effect model and expressed as standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was assessed and quantified (I-2).A total of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Lipid profiles (n = 508) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) (n = 520) were reported in 9 trials; the homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) (n = 368) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (n = 380) were reported in 6 trials. Probiotics could alleviate FBG (SMD -0.61 mmol/L, 95% CI [-0.92, -0.30], P = 0.0001). Probiotics could increase high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (SMD 0.42 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.08, 0.76], P = 0.01). There were no significant differences in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), HbA1c and HOMA-IR between the treatment group and the control group.Probiotics may improve glycemic control and lipid metabolism in T2DM. Application of probiotic agents might become a new method for glucose management in T2DM.
Effects of Low-Fat Diets Differing in Protein and Carbohydrate Content on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors during Weight Loss and Weight Maintenance in Obese Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Despite evidence for the benefits of higher-protein (HP) diets in weight loss, their role in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) management and weight maintenance is not clear. This randomised study compared the effects of a HP diet (38% carbohydrate, 30% protein, 29% fat) to a isocaloric higher-carbohydrate diet (HC: 53%: 21%: 23%) on cardiometabolic risk factors for 12 weeks in energy restriction (similar to 30% reduction) followed by 12 weeks of energy balance whilst performing regular exercise. Outcomes were measured at baseline and the end of each phase. Sixty-one overweight/obese adults (BMI (body mass index) 34.3 +/- 5.1 kg/m(2), aged 55 +/- 8 years) with T2DM who commenced the study were included in the intention-to-treat analysis including the 17 participants (HP n = 9, HC n = 8) who withdrew. Following weight loss (M +/- SEM: -7.8 +/- 0.6 kg), there were significant reductions in HbA1c (-1.4% +/- 0.1%, p < 0.001) and several cardiometabolic health risk factors. Improvements were sustained for 12 weeks when weight was stabilised and weight loss maintained. Both the HP and HC dietary patterns with concurrent exercise may be effective strategies for weight loss and weight maintenance in T2DM although further studies are needed to determine the longer term effects of weight maintenance.
Dairy Product Intake Modifies MicroRNA Expression among Individuals with Hyperinsulinemia: A Post-Intervention Cross-Sectional Study; Introduction: MicroRNA (miRNA) profiles have been shown to change after intake of dairy products. Dysregulation of miRNA is associated with the changes in the level of glycemic parameters. The objectives are: (1) to investigate miRNA expression after consumption of dairy products and (2) to study the association between miRNAs and glycemic profile among individuals with hyperinsulinemia. Methods: In crossover design, 24 participants were randomized into 2 phases: high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day according to the Canadian food guide [2007]) and adequate dairy (AD) (<= 2 servings/day) over 6 weeks. First, miRNAs were extracted from a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects after HD and AD intervention which analyzed in duplicate by array hybridization (Affymetrix Gene Chip miRNA Array v. 4.0). Second, 6 miRNAs related to type 2 diabetes (T2D) were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) from plasma of 24 participants. Results: Microarray analysis indicated that 297 miRNAs expressed differentially (FC >= +/- 1.2; p value <0.05) in a pooled plasma sample of 10 subjects. Among pooled miRNAs, the level of selected miRNAs, including miR-652-3p, miR-106b-5p, miR-93-5p, and miR-107 were downregulated; conversely, miR-223-3p and miR-122-5p were upregulated. After qRT-PCR validation, only the expression level of miR-106-5p tended to be increased after HD compared to AD (p = 0.06). After AD intervention, the level of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance were negatively correlated with miR-122-5p. Similarly, negative correlation was found between miR-106-5p and FPG. Conclusion: The miRNAs profile was modified after HD compared to AD, and this may have role in modifying the risk of T2D (registration No. NCT02961179).
Metformin in pregnancy and lactation; Metformin improves insulin sensitivity and reduces hepatic glucose output in patients with diabetes. It offers potential benefits for pregnant women with gestational or type 2 diabetes because both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Some cohort data are available and randomised trials are currently in progress to compare metformin with insulin, but strong evidence is not yet available to guide management. There are no long-term follow-up data to provide reassurance about the safety of metformin, given its passage across the placenta, although recent evidence suggests that there is no significant risk of teratogenesis. Limited amounts of metformin are transferred into breast milk, but the risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia is negligible.
Consumption of fatty foods and incident type 2 diabetes in populations from eight European countries; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Diets high in saturated and trans fat and low in unsaturated fat may increase type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk, but studies on foods high in fat per unit weight are sparse. We assessed whether the intake of vegetable oil, butter, margarine, nuts and seeds and cakes and cookies is related to incident T2D.
Effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in patients with non-obese type 2 diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, clinical trial; Background: The prevalent raise of type 2 diabetes (T2D) around the globe, are creating higher risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and increasing strain on each country's health care budget in the world. Microalbuminuria has appeared as a key parameter in diabetic patients. Microalbuminuria is also related to increased cardiovascular morbidity in people who are non-obese diabetic. Some studies have suggested that consumption of symbiotic foods might help improve the metabolic profile, inflammatory factors and biomarkers of oxidative stress. The aim of trial was to determine the effect of symbiotic supplementation on glycemic control, lipid profiles and microalbuminuria in non-obese T2D.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the effect of Vitamin D-fortified food on glycemic indices; Some reports indicated that Vitamin D may improve glycaemia indices in diabetic patients. The aim of this systematic and meta-analysis was to evaluate effects of Vitamin D fortification on indices of glycemic control. Six databases (PubMed/Medline, ISI Web of Knowledge, Cochrane Library, Science Direct, Scopus, and Google Scholar) were searched, for randomized controlled trials that were published up to September 2018 and that compared the effect of Vitamin D-fortified food versus regular diet in relation to glycemic control. Of the 4,379 studies originally found, 11 articles remained to be assessed for meta-analysis. Vitamin D fortification was associated with a significant improvement in fasting serum glucose (mean difference [MD]: -2.772; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -5.435 to -0.109) and fasting serum insulin (MD: -2.937; 95% CI: -4.695 to -1.178) in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. A diet with food enriched with Vitamin D was associated with a significant improvement in homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (MD: -1.608; 95% CI: -3.138 to -0.079) but was not associated with a significant reduction in hemoglobin A1C (MD: 0.034; 95% CI: -0.655 to 0.069). This meta-analysis indicates that Vitamin D fortification improves indices of glycemic control. Hence, food fortified with Vitamin D may be of potential therapeutic value in diabetic patients, as an adjuvant therapy.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women: A randomised controlled clinical trial; Background & aims: Low levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25(OH)D) are common in type 2 diabetic patients and cause several complications particularly, in postmenopausal women due to their senile and physiological conditions. This study aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D-fortified low fat yogurt on glycemic status, anthropometric indexes, inflammation, and bone turnover in diabetic postmenopausal women.
Nutritional modulation of metabolic inflammation; Metabolic inflammation is a very topical area of research, wherein aberrations in metabolic and inflammatory pathways probably contribute to atherosclerosis, insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes. Metabolic insults arising from obesity promote inflammation, which in turn impedes insulin signalling and reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). Key cells in the process are metabolically activated macrophages, which up-regulate both pro-and anti-inflammatory pathways in response to lipid spillover from adipocytes. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) are regulators of cellular homeostasis that influence both inflammatory and metabolic pathways. Dietary fats, such as saturated fatty acids (SFAs), can differentially modulate metabolic inflammation. Palmitic acid, in particular, is a well-characterized nutrient that promotes metabolic inflammation via the NLRP3 (the nod-like receptor containing a pyrin domain) inflammasome, which is partly attributable to AMPK inhibition. Conversely, some unsaturated fatty acids are less potent agonists of metabolic inflammation. For example, monounsaturated fatty acid does not reduce AMPK as potently as SFA and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids actively resolve inflammation via resolvins and protectins. Nevertheless, the full extent to which nutritional state modulates metabolic inflammation requires greater clarification.
The beneficial effects of <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>reuteri</i> ADR-1 or ADR-3 consumption on type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial; Probiotics have been reported to ameliorate symptoms of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in animal models and human studies. We previously demonstrated that oral administration of Lactobacillus reuteri ADR-3 reduced insulin resistance in high-fructose-fed (HFD) rats. In the present study, we first identified another L. reuteri strain, ADR-1, which displayed anti-diabetes activity that reduced the levels of serum HbA1c and cholesterol and that increased antioxidant proteins in HFD rats. We further performed a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial with a total of 68 T2DM patients to examine the beneficial effects of oral consumption of L. reuteri strains ADR-1 and ADR-3 and to investigate the associated changes in intestinal flora using a quantitative PCR method to analyze 16 S rRNA in fecal specimens. Significant reductions in HbA1c and serum cholesterol were observed in participants in the live ADR-1 consumption group (n = 22) after 3 months of intake when compared with those in the placebo group (n = 22). Although there was no significant difference in the HbA1c serum level among participants who consumed heat-killed ADR-3 (n = 24), the systolic blood pressure and mean blood pressure were significantly decreased after 6 months of intake. There was no obvious change in serum inflammatory cytokines or antioxidant proteins in participants after intaking ADR-1 or ADR-3, except for a reduction in IL-1 beta in the ADR-3 consumption group after 6 months of intake. With the analysis of fecal microflora, we found that L. reuteri or Bifidobacterium spp. were significantly increased in the ADR-1 and ADR-3 consumption groups, respectively, after 6 months of intake. Interestingly, a significant reduction in HbA1c was observed in the ADR-1 and ADR-3 consumption participants who displayed at least an 8-fold increase in fecal L. reuteri. We also observed that there was a significantly positive correlation between Bifidobacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. in participants with increased levels of fecal L. reuteri. In the ADR-1 intake group, the fecal Lactobacillus spp. level displayed a positive correlation with Bifidobacterium spp. but was negatively correlated with Bacteroidetes. The total level of fecal L. reuteri in participants in the ADR-3 consumption group was positively correlated with Firmicutes. In conclusion, L. reuteri strains ADR-1 and ADR-3 have beneficial effects on T2DM patients, and the consumption of different strains of L. reuteri may influence changes in intestinal flora, which may lead to different outcomes after probiotic intake.
THE EFFECT OF MUESLI OR CORNFLAKES AT BREAKFAST ON CARBOHYDRATE-METABOLISM IN TYPE-2 DIABETIC-PATIENTS; Fourteen overweight insulin-treated type 2 diabetic patients ate a breakfast, consisting of either muesli (slow release starch: SRS) or cornflakes (fast release starch: FRS), in either case with milk (46 g carbohydrate), during two consecutive randomized crossover periods of two weeks. The rest of the diet remained unchanged. At the end of each period the patients underwent a glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast without their usual evening insulin injection. Both mean plasma glucose response curves were identical after the two dietary periods, but plasma insulin was significantly lower at zero (-17%, P < 0.05) and 2 h (-21%, P < 0.05) at the end of the muesli (SRS) period as compared to the cornflakes (FRS) period. The mean day-long plasma glucose level (four measurements) at the end of the muesli period was 21% (P = 0.023) lower than after the cornflakes period. These results show that switching, at breakfast only, from standard cereals to slow release starch cereals improves the carbohydrate metabolism of diabetic patients. In addition, the fact that diabetic patients could reduce their insulin requirement (P < 0.05) with concomitant reduction of their daily blood glucose level implies that sensitivity to insulin was improved by slow release starch foods consumed at breakfast.
Effects of Carbohydrate Restriction on Body Weight and Glycemic Control in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Trial of Efficacy in Real-Life Settings; A fully provided, hypocaloric, carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet compared to a hypocaloric conventional diabetes (CD) diet for 6 weeks improved glycemic control to a greater extent in face of an intended 6% weight loss in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The present 24-week extension of that study reports on the efficacy of CRHP and CD diets in a real-life setting. Sixty-five individuals with T2DM who completed the initial 6-week fully provided diet period (% energy from carbohydrate, protein, and fat was 30/30/40 in CRHP, and 50/17/33 in CD) continued a free-living, dietician guided 24-week period of which 59 individuals completed. The CRHP compared to CD group reported a 4% lower carbohydrate intake and had higher urea excretion by 22% (both p <= 0.05) at week 30, suggesting less difference in carbohydrate and protein intake between groups during the 24-week extension compared to week 6. The loss of body weight during the initial 6 weeks was maintained in both groups during the 24-week extension (-5.5 +/- 4.5 and -4.6 +/- 4.8 kg) as well as HbA(1c) (-8.4 +/- 6.2 and -8.4 +/- 6.9 mmol/mol) with no significant differences between groups. The additional benefits on glucoregulation harnessed by carbohydrate restriction under full diet provision for 6 weeks combined with titrated weight loss could not be maintained in a real-life setting of self-prepared diet aiming on similar diets for 6 months.
Therapeutic Effects of Milk Thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i> L.) and Artichoke (<i>Cynara scolymus</i> L.) on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Type 2 Diabetic Rats; Background. At present, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) does not have an approved pharmacologic therapy. The present study investigated the protective effects and possible mechanisms of milk thistle (Silybum marianum L.) and artichoke (Cynara scolymus L.) in treating NAFLD in type 2 diabetic rats. Methods. The NAFLD was established in rats after four weeks of type 2 diabetes induction. The animals were treated with pharmaceutical preparations of milk thistle (Livergol (R)) and artichoke (Atheromod-B (R)) extracts for eight weeks. After the end of the intervention, oral glucose tolerance, the serum parameters of oxidative stress, liver functional tests, and lipid profiles were evaluated. Histopathological changes were assessed by hematoxylin and eosin staining. Results. Treatment with preparations of milk thistle and artichoke nonsignificantly improved glucose tolerance in diabetic rats. Both preparations significantly improved serum superoxide dismutase activity and the level of malondialdehyde. Although treatment with milk thistle reduced serum activity of aspartate aminotransferase and serum levels of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, artichoke extracts only attenuated the serum level of TG. Milk thistle also effectively protected the liver from histological changes. Conclusions. Milk thistle could be a promising pharmacological option for the treatment of NAFLD. Nonetheless, long-term randomized clinical trials are necessary to confirm the observed results.
Egg Consumption in the Context of Plant-Based Diets and Diet Quality in Adults at Risk for Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Single Blind Cross-over Controlled Trial; Background: Lifestyle changes that emphasis on plant-based diets (PBD) are typically recommended for those at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to mitigate their cardo-metabolic risk. We examined the impact of the inclusion of eggs compared with their exclusion from PBD on diet quality among adults at risk for T2DM. Methods: This was a randomized, controlled, single-blind, crossover trial of 35 adults (mean age 60.7 years; 25 women, 10 men; 34 Caucasians, 1 African-American) at risk for T2DM (i.e., pre- diabetes or metabolic syndrome) assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two treatments (PBD with eggs and exclusively PBD), with a 4-week washout period. Participants received dietary counseling from a dietitian to exclude or to include 2 eggs daily in the context of PBD for a 6-week period. Diet quality was assessed using the Healthy Eating Index 2015 (HEI-2015) at baseline and 6 weeks. Results: Compared with the exclusion of eggs, the inclusion of eggs in the context of PBD improved the diet quality score for intake of total protein foods (1.0 +/- 1.1 vs. -0.4 +/- 1.0; p <.0001); seafood and plant proteins (0.2 +/- 1.2 vs. -0.4 +/- 1.1; p = 0.0338); and fatty acids (0.8 +/- 2.5 vs. -0.7 +/- 2.7; p = 0.0260). Overall diet quality score depreciated with the adoption of exclusively PBD without eggs (-3.1 +/- 8.3; p = 0.0411), while it was unaffected with the adoption of a PBD with the inclusion of eggs (-0.6 +/- 7.9; p = 0.6892). Conclusions: Eggs could be used as an adjuvant to enhance the diet quality among those at risk for T2DM who adopt plant-based dietary patterns.
Coffee consumption and cardiovascular diseases and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims: To evaluate the long-term consequences of coffee drinking in patients with type 2 diabetes. Data synthesis: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences were searched to November 2020 for prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of coffee drinking with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Two reviewers extracted data and rated the certainty of evidence using GRADE approach. Random-effects models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Dose-response associations were modeled by a one stage mixed-effects meta-analysis. Ten prospective cohort studies with 82,270 cases were included. Compared to those with no coffee consumption, the HRs for consumption of 4 cups/ d were 0.79 (95%CI: 0.72, 0.87; n = 10 studies) for all-cause mortality, 0.60 (95%CI: 0.46, 0.79; n = 4) for CVD mortality, 0.68 (95%CI: 0.51, 0.91; n = 3) for coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality, 0.72 (95%CI: 0.54, 0.98; n = 2) for CHD, and 0.77 (95%CI: 0.61, 0.98; n = 2) for total CVD events. There was no significant association for cancer mortality and stroke. There was an inverse monotonic association between coffee drinking and all-cause and CVD mortality, and inverse linear association for CHD and total CVD events. The certainty of evidence was graded moderate for all-cause mortality, and low or very low for other outcomes. Conclusions: Drinking coffee may be inversely associated with the risk of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, more research is needed considering type of coffee, sugar and cream added to coffee, and history of CVD to present more confident results. Registry and registry number: The protocol of this systematic review was registered at Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/8uaf3, registered form: osf.io/xur76, registration DOI: 10.17605/ OSF.IO/8UAF3). (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids and risk of all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; OBJECTIVE
Consumption of Dairy Products in Relation to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese People: The Henan Rural Cohort Study and an Updated Meta-Analysis; Recent studies on whether dairy consumption is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have yielded inconsistent results, so we explored the relationship between dairy consumption and T2DM through a large-sample, cross-sectional study and a meta-analysis. In the meta-analysis, summary relative risks (RRs) of 23 articles were compiled with a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model was used to explore whether there is a nonlinear relationship between dairy intake and T2DM risk. This cross-sectional study used baseline data from 38,735 participants of the Henan Rural Cohort study and the association between dairy consumption and T2DM was analyzed by a logistic regression model. The meta-analysis revealed a borderline negative significant association between total dairy intake and risk of T2DM, the RR and 95% confidence interval (CI) was 0.94; (0.89, 1.00), and the risk was lowest at 270 g daily dairy intake. In the cross-sectional study, there were 3654 T2DM patients and 68.3 percent of the respondents had no dairy intake. The average intake of dairy in the total population was 12 g per day. Fully adjusted analyses suggested positive associations, with an odds ratio (OR) comparing the highest with the zero intake of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.22, 1.48) for all participants, which was unaffected by sex. Dairy intake in rural areas of Henan province is low, and we found, in the context of overall low dairy intake, that a high intake was positively associated with T2DM, which is inconsistent with the meta-analysis results suggesting that dairy has marginal protective effects against T2DM.
A carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet acutely decreases postprandial and diurnal glucose excursions in type 2 diabetes patients; The aim of the study was to assess whether a simple substitution of carbohydrate in the conventionally recommended diet with protein and fat would result in a clinically meaningful reduction in postprandial hyperglycaemia in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In all, sixteen subjects with T2DM treated with metformin only, fourteen male, with a median age of 65 (43-70) years, HbA(1c) of 6.5 % (47 mmol/l) (5.5-8.3 % (37-67 mmol/l)) and a BMI of 30 (sd 4.4) kg/m(2) participated in the randomised, cross-over study. A carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet was compared with an iso-energetic conventional diabetes (CD) diet. Macronutrient contents of the CRHP/CD diets consisted of 31/54 % energy from carbohydrate, 29/16 % energy from protein and 40/30 % energy from fat, respectively. Each diet was consumed on 2 consecutive days in a randomised order. Postprandial glycaemia, pancreatic and gut hormones, as well as satiety, were evaluated at breakfast and lunch. Compared with the CD diet, the CRHP diet reduced postprandial AUC of glucose by 14 %, insulin by 22 % and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide by 17 % (all P < 0.001), respectively. Correspondingly, glucagon AUC increased by 33 % (P < 0.001), cholecystokinin by 24 % (P = 0.004) and satiety scores by 7 % (P = 0.035), respectively. A moderate reduction in carbohydrate with an increase in fat and protein in the diet, compared with an energy-matched CD diet, greatly reduced postprandial glucose excursions and resulted in increased satiety in patients with well-controlled T2DM.
Effect of Improving Dietary Quality on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A 12 Months Randomised Controlled Trial; People with diabetes have accelerated arterial stiffening. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake for 12 months on carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), augmentation index (AIx), and central blood pressure (cBP), compared to a usual diet control, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In a 12 months randomised controlled trial, cfPWV, AIx and cBP were measured every 3 months. The intervention group received dietary counselling to increase consumption of fruit (+1 serving/day; 150 g/day), vegetables (+2 servings/day; 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serving/day; 200-250 g /day) at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 9 months. The control group continued on their usual diet. One hundred and nine participants were randomised and 92 (intervention n = 45; control n = 47) completed. At 3 months, fruit (184 g/day; p = 0.001) and dairy (83 g/day; p = 0.037) intake increased in the intervention group compared with the control group but this increase was not maintained at 12 months. After adjustment for baseline measurements there was no time by treatment effect for central systolic or diastolic BP, AIx or cfPWV. A time effect existed for AIx which modestly increased over time. Peripheral diastolic BP and central pulse pressure were improved in the intervention group compared with the control group at 12 months. In the cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, improving dietary quality by increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy did not improve cBP, AIx or cfPWV, compared with a control group continuing on their usual diet, after 12 months.
Addition of silymarin to renin-angiotensin system blockers in normotensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and proteinuria: a prospective randomized trial; Background In the last decade, despite constant investigation, no current single treatment has been able to decrease the incidence of diabetic nephropathy and to significantly reduce progression of diabetic CKD.
A healthy diet with and without cereal grains and dairy products in patients with type 2 diabetes: study protocol for a random-order cross-over pilot study - Alimentation and Diabetes in Lanzarote -ADILAN; Background: Research on the role of nutrition in type 2 diabetes has largely focused on macro/micronutrient composition and dietary fiber intake, while fewer studies have tested the effects of differing food choice. Some observational studies and short-term intervention studies suggest that a food pattern mimicking the diet with which humans evolved positively influences glucose control and associated endocrine systems. Such a food pattern mainly differs from other common healthy food patterns in its absence of cereal grains and dairy products. The primary aim of this pilot study is to determine the effect of two healthy diets with or without cereal grains and dairy products on glucose control, while keeping participants' weight stable and other food parameters, such as macro/micronutrient composition, dietary fiber and glycemic load, the same in both diets.
Dairy peptides in effective blood glucose management; The burden of chronic diseases (including diabetes) is increasing and so strategies to prevent such diseases from developing or delaying their progress are of high importance. Extensive knowledge exists about the co-ingestion of certain dietary proteins, protein hydrolysates and amino acids with carbohydrate to augment the insulin response and to enhance glucose disposal in type 2 diabetic subjects. There is evidence that these are involved in the release of several hormones and can act as insulin secretagogues. In these studies, rather high and frequent doses were used over a relatively short time period. However, preliminary data of a randomised, placebo-controlled trial suggests that a single lower dose of a protein hydrolysate given to type 2 diabetes mellitus patients may also be beneficial to reduce postprandial glucose levels and increase insulin secretion. In view of the reduced sensitivity of the (I-cell to glucose in type 2 diabetes patients, these findings are of particular interest as they demonstrate that the capacity to secrete insulin in response to peptide stimuli remains intact and, accordingly, can be enhanced. Dietary strategies that effectively reduce the postprandial rise in blood glucose levels following carbohydrate intake have been associated with a reduced risk of developing full diabetes and cardiovascular complications.
Effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness in subjects with type 1 and type 2 diabetes: a 12-mo randomized controlled trial; Background: People with diabetes are at a heightened risk of cardiovascular disease compared with the general population. To our knowledge, randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of improving dietary quality on carotid intima media thickness, a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and predictor of cardiovascular disease, have not been conducted in populations with diabetes.
Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink increased leptin and ghrelin levels but reduced leptin to ghrelin ratio in type 2 diabetes patients: a single blind randomized controlled trial; Purpose This study aimed to evaluate the effect of daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) in comparison with plain doogh on appetite-regulating hormones including leptin and ghrelin in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients.
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence; Background: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat.
Evaluation of type 2 diabetes prevention through diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation: A population-based study; Purpose: A few interventional studies to date have specifically assessed the association between dairy products and/or sugar consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) incidence. The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of diet modification in people with impaired glucose regulation (IGR) as defined by a glucose tolerance test (GTT). Methods: A quasi-experimental study design was used for this study. A total of 318 randomly selected 18-year-old or older participants from the rural area of the Kyiv region of Ukraine who had not been registered as T2D patients before underwent GTT between June 2013 and June 2017. For those who had been diagnosed with IGR, World Health Organization (WHO)/International Diabetes Federation criteria were used. Of 318 participants screened for T2D, 123 (74% of them females) were diagnosed with IGR. They were aged 18 to 79 years old with a median (Q(I) - Q(III)) age of 62 (52-68) years. They were repeatedly tested during the study and completed a questionnaire on average 2.8 (1.1) years (standard deviation [SD]), after they had received their lifestyle-based T2D prevention recommendations. In addition to basic recommendations, they were advised to consume approximately 200 g of low-fat dairy products and less than 25 g of sugar daily. Cases of screen-detected diabetes mellitus (SDDM) were diagnosed and reported as an outcome variable if a fast capillary blood glucose level reached 6.1 mmol/L and above. To define the association between implementation of recommendations and the risk of SDDM, the Cox proportional-hazards regression analysis was used.
Impact of Dairy Intake on Plasma F<sub>2</sub>-IsoProstane Profiles in Overweight Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia: A Randomized Crossover Trial; F-2-IsoProstanes (F-2-IsoPs) are major biomarkers of oxidative stress and are associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Further, plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs may be modified by dairy products. The aim is to investigate the effect of high dairy product (HD) consumption compared to an adequate dairy product (AD) consumption on the level of F-2-IsoPs among hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this crossover study, participants were randomized in two groups: HD (>= 4 servings/day), or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for six weeks. Fasting blood glucose and insulin were measured. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Six isomers of F-2-IsoPs were quantified by HPLC-MS/MS. Twenty-seven subjects with hyperinsulinemia (mean age; 55 +/- 13 years, BMI; 31.4 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR were unchanged after HD or AD intervention. After HD intake, the total level of F-2-IsoPs (p = 0.03), 5-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.002), and 8-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.004) decreased compared to AD. The 15-F-2t-IsoP tended to be positively correlated with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.39, p = 0.08). Generally, F-2-IsoPs levels were higher among men compared to women regardless of the dairy intake. Overall, intake of HD decreased plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs compared to AD without modifying glycemic parameters.
Reformulating ice cream to improve postprandial glucose response: an opportunity for industry to create shared value; Ultra-processed foods are associated with metabolic dysfunction and driving chronic diseases. The Metabolic Matrix is a tool used to reformulate products to promote positive metabolic outcomes. The Kuwait Danish Dairy Company (KDD) has used this tool to develop a no-added-sugar products. This clinical trial tested the glycaemic response of a no-added-sugar ice cream in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The hypothesis was that the no-added-sugar ice cream would have a substantially better postprandial glycemic response than conventional ice cream in patients with type 2 diabetes. In this randomized cross over designed study, postprandial glycemic response was measured after 300 grams of no-added-sugar ice cream or normal ice cream was consumed. Despite similar composition and palatability, the postprandial responses were better with the no-added sugar ice cream, albeit that the natural sugar in the product still resulted in a marked postprandial glycaemic response. This finding emphasizes the necessity of clearly communicating to both patients and healthcare professionals that "no-added-sugar" does not equate to "zero total sugar." The path to improved metabolic health involves not only product improvement but also transparent messaging to enable informed dietary choices. Reformulation resulting in palatable no-added sugar products provides an opportunity for companies to Create Shared Value by addressing the important social problems such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, by creating scalable solutions, that are profitable.Clinical trial registration:ClinicalTrials.gov, identifiers NCT06135935.
Efficacy and tolerance of a diabetes specific formula in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: An open label, randomized, crossover study; Aim: This study evaluated the effect of a diabetes specific formula on acute glucose, insulin, and triglyceride responses in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Empirically derived dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis on prospective observational studies; Objective To systematically review prospective cohort studies about the association between dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) incidence, and to quantify the effects using a meta-analysis.
The effect of slow spaced eating on hunger and satiety in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Slow spaced eating is associated with improved satiety and gut hormone responses in normal-weight participants. This crossover study compared the effect of slow and rapid eating patterns on hunger, fullness, glucose, insulin, and the appetite-related gut hormones peptide YY (PYY), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), and ghrelin in overweight and obese participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
A Dietary Pattern Derived from Reduced Rank Regression and Fatty Acid Biomarkers Is Associated with Lower Risk of Type 2 Diabetes and Coronary Artery Disease in Chinese Adults; Background: Combinations of circulating fatty acids may affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary artery disease (CAD). No previous studies have identified a dietary pattern predicting fatty acid profiles using reduced rank regression (RRR) and evaluated its associations with the risk of T2D and CAD.
Plasma Free Fatty Acids and Metabolic Effect in Type 2 Diabetes, an Ancillary Study from a Randomized Clinical Trial; Most nutrition studies looking at the association of food with cardiometabolic markers rely on food frequency questionnaires, which are prone to recall bias. Pentadecanoic acid, heptadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid are fatty acids that are not synthesized endogenously but are obtained from the diet, particularly dairy, making them reasonable biomarkers of dairy consumption. We investigated the association of dairy fatty acid biomarkers with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes (T2D). In a clinical trial, 111 participants with T2D (age 58.5 +/- 8.9 years, HbA1c 8.09 +/- 0.96%) were randomized into three groups: a control group that maintained baseline dairy intake, a low-fat (LF) group that incorporated >= 3 servings/day of LF dairy and a high-fat (HF) group that incorporated >= 3 servings/day of HF dairy. We compared the fatty acids (FA) composition between the three groups at 24 weeks. Pentadecanoic acid and trans-palmitoleic acid increased in the HF group by 14.1% +/- 5.4% and 17.5% +/- 5.1%, respectively, but not in the control and LF groups (p = 0.0474 and p = 0.0025 for group-by-time interaction, respectively). Those increases were positively associated with changes in total cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol VLDL-C and triglycerides but were not associated with changes in HbA1c from baseline to 24 weeks. These results suggest that the intervention was successful and that participants were likely compliant, which supports the validity of the main trial.
Effect of <i>Cucurbita ficifolia</i> and Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Blood Glucose, Lipid Profile, and Inflammatory Marker in Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Control of blood sugar, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are key factors in diabetes management. Cucurbita ficifolia (pumpkin) is a vegetable which has been used traditionally as a remedy for diabetes in Iran. In addition, consumption of probiotics may have beneficial effects on people with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was an investigation of the effects of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption alone or at the same time on blood glucose and serum lipids in diabetic patients.
EFFECTS OF SUBSTITUTING PALM OLEIN WITH CARBOHYDRATES ON INSULIN SENSITIVITY: A REVIEW; The role of palm olein on insulin resistance, which predisposes to disease progression of type 2 diabetes, is unclear. This article summarises the effects of substituting palm olein with carbohydrates on insulin sensitivity. Two intervention studies have reported conflicting findings. The RISCK (Reading, Imperial, Surreys, Cambridge and King's) study suggested that saturated fat-enriched diet consisting of mainly palm oil and milk fat did not differ from both high and low glycemic carbohydrates on insulin sensitivity in subjects at risk of developing metabolic syndrome. However, another study reported reduced insulin sensitivity after a diet enriched with palm olein and butter compared with high carbohydrate intake. No epidemiological data exists in this context. More clinical trials using solely palm olein in this area are needed. Further well-controlled large scale studies are needed to furnish the information on palm olein replacement with carbohydrates in diabetes prevention.
Vitamin D receptor <i>Cdx-2</i>-dependent response of central obesity to vitamin D intake in the subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomised clinical trial; This study aimed to investigate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (doogh) on central obesity indicators in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and the possible modulation of this effect by vitamin D receptor (VDR) Cdx-2 genotypes. A total of sixty T2D subjects were randomly allocated to two groups to receive either plain doogh (PD; n 29, containing 170 mg Ca and no vitamin D/250 ml) or vitamin D-3-fortified doogh (FD; n 31, containing 170 mg Ca and 12.5 mu g/250 ml) twice a day for 12 weeks. 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D), glycaemic as well as adiposity indicators were evaluated before and after the intervention. VDR-Cdx-2 genotypes in extended number of T2D subjects in the FD group (n 60) were determined as AA, GA and GG. After 12 weeks, in FD compared with PD, serum 25(OH) D increased (+35.4v. -4.8 nmol/l; P < 0.001) and mean changes of waist circumference (WC; -1.3v. +1.6 cm; P = 0.02), body fat mass (FM; -1.9v. +0.60 %; P = 0.008), truncal fat (TF; -1.1v. 0.13 %; P = 0.003) and visceral adipose tissue (-0.80 v. + 0.37 AU; P < 0.001) decreased significantly. Circulating 25(OH) D was raised only in the AA group (34.8 nmo/l in AA group v. -6.4 nmol/l in AG and -1.6 nmol/l in GG groups; P < 0.001), which was accompanied by a significant decrease in changes of WC (P = 0.004), FM% (P = 0.01) and TF% (P < 0.001) in the AA genotype. Daily intake of vitamin D-FD for 12 weeks improved the central obesity indices in T2D subjects, and the improvement was more pronounced in the carriers of the AA genotype of VDR-Cdx-2.
A Newly Developed Indicator of Overeating Saturated Fat Based on Serum Fatty Acids and Amino Acids and Its Association With Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes: Evidence From Two Randomized Controlled Feeding Trials and a Prospective Study; ObjectiveHyper-caloric intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) is common in modern societies, probably contributing to the epidemic of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This study conducted two randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for developing a new indicator that can assess the nutritional status and examined its association with incidence of T2DM. MethodsIn RCT 1, healthy participants were randomly assigned into three groups, namely, control group (n = 40), overfeeding group 1 (100 g butter per day, n = 37), and overfeeding group 2 (120 g butter per day, n = 37). In RCT 2, healthy subjects were randomly assigned into two groups, namely, control group (n = 52) and high-fat group (300-extra kcal/day from diet that was designed by high-fat diet, n = 58). In the prospective cohort, 4,057 participants aged 20-74 years were enrolled and followed up over 5.3 years. Serum profiles of fatty acids and amino acids were measured. ResultsIn RCT 1, serum fatty acids, including C14:0 and C18:0, increased, whereas C18:2, C20:4, C22:5, and C22:6 decreased; serum amino acids, including tyrosine, alanine, and aminobutyric acid, increased, whereas histidine and glycine decreased (p < 0.05). Among these serum fatty acids and amino acids, changes in C14:0, C20:4, tyrosine, histidine, and glycine were also observed in RCT 2. An indicator was developed based on the five fatty acids and amino acids, namely, C14:0 x tyrosine x 1,000/[C20:4 x (glycine + histidine)], and it significantly identified participants in the intervention group with area under the curve (AUC) (95% CI) being 0.85 (0.77-0.92). The indicator was significantly associated with incidence of T2DM in the prospective cohort with HRs (95% CIs) from bottom quartile to top quartile being 1,1.21 (0.82-1.77), 1.60 (1.12-2.30), 2.04 (1.42-2.94). ConclusionThe newly developed indicator in RCTs can be used in assessing the nutritional status of hypercaloric intake of SFA and predicting the development of T2DM.
The effect of Familact probiotic supplement in patients with diabetes (Evaluation of Blood Glucose Parameters, Lipid Profile); Due to the increasing prevalence of this disease, the present study was performed to investigate the effect of pure probiotic supplement Familact on fasting blood glucose and insulin indices and lipid profile of patients with type 2 diabetes. This double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial was performed on 60 patients with type 2 diabetes. The subjects in the Moore intervention group received 7 probiotic capsules containing 7 strains of a mixture of Lametobacillus and Bifidobacterium, at a dose of 1010 CFU, and the placebo group received 4 placebo capsules containing magnesium stearate daily for 6 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometric indices including weight, body mass index, waist circumference, waist circumference and hip circumference, along with biochemical indices including fasting blood sugar, fasting blood insulin and lipid profile were measured and evaluated at the beginning and end of the study. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software using chi-square test, t-test and analysis of variance. Finally, it was observed that the mean fasting blood sugar in the probiotic group was significantly lower than before the intervention (P = 0.001). Also, at the end of the study, the amount of HDL cholesterol in the probiotic group was significantly increased compared to the amount before the intervention (P = 0.006), but this increase was not significant in comparison between groups. Minor and intragroup increases in blood insulin and cholesterol, decrease in LDL cholesterol and insulin and triglyceride resistance were also not significant.
Clinical evaluation of <i>Talapotaka Churna</i> - A polyherbal <i>Ayurvedic</i> formulation in type 2 Diabetes mellitus; To evaluate and compare the antidiabetic effect of Talapotaka Churna in Type II Diabetes mellitus patients were registered from S. S. Hospital, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi. Patients were randomly divided in four groups for treatment of four different medicine groups: [Group A- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with Takra (Buttermilk) before meal; Group B- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with warm water before meal; Group C- Talapotaka Churna (4 g TID) with ongoing allopathic treatment with water before meal. Group D- Glimepride treated (1 mg BD) before meal]. The treatment was given for a period of two months. Fasting blood sugar, postprandial blood sugar, HbAlc, SGOT, SGPT, Sr. Creatinine and lipid profile level were estimated biochemically. The results were promising and reveal that Talapotaka Churna can be a safe, acceptable and effective alternative or adjuvant to the conventional oral hypoglycemic agents. Holistic principles of Ayurveda when used as supplementary for modern drugs in diabetes show their effects on all bodily symptoms and helps to minimize them in which modern drug fails. So, it is the need of time to support the modern medications with Ayurvedic therapy.
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; Nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of adding peanuts (whole or peanut butter) on first (0-240 min)- and second (240-490 min)-meal glucose metabolism and selected gut satiety hormone responses, appetite ratings and food intake in obese women with high T2DM risk. A group of fifteen women participated in a randomised cross-over clinical trial in which 42.5 g of whole peanuts without skins (WP), peanut butter (PB) or no peanuts (control) were added to a 75 g available carbohydrate-matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations (0-490 min) of glucose, insulin, NEFA, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide YY (PYY), cholecystokinin (CCK), appetitive sensations and food intake were assessed after breakfast treatments and a standard lunch. Postprandial NEFA incremental AUC (IAUC) (0-240 min) and glucose IAUC (240-490 min) responses were lower for the PB breakfast compared with the control breakfast. Insulin concentrations were higher at 120 and 370 min after the PB consumption than after the control consumption. Desire-to-eat ratings were lower, while PYY, GLP-1 and CCK concentrations were higher after the PB intake compared with the control intake. WP led to similar but non-significant effects. The addition of PB to breakfast moderated postprandial glucose and NEFA concentrations, enhanced gut satiety hormone secretion and reduced the desire to eat. The greater bioaccessibility of the lipid component in PB is probably responsible for the observed incremental post-ingestive responses between the nut forms. Inclusion of PB, and probably WP, to breakfast may help to moderate glucose concentrations and appetite in obese women.
Phytochemical screening and preliminary clinical trials of the aqueous extract mixture of <i>Andrographis paniculata</i> (Burm. f.) Wall. ex Nees and <i>Syzygium polyanthum</i> (Wight.) Walp leaves in metformin treated patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Our previous preclinical study showed that the extract mixture (EM) of Andrographis paniculata (Burm. f.) Wall. ex Nees (AP) and Syzygium polyanthum (Wight.) Walp (SP) leaves had antidiabetic effects and were beneficial on alloxan-induced diabetic rats.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Epidemiologic studies have linked high consumption of red and processed meat with risk of developing type 2 diabetes, whereas high dairy consumption has been associated with decreased risk, but interventions have been limited.
The effect of probiotics/synbiotics supplementation on renal and liver biomarkers in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Despite the apparent beneficial effects of probiotics/synbiotics on glucose haemostasis, lipid profile and inflammatory responses, it is not clear whether these beneficial effects also impact renal and hepatic function in diabetes. Therefore, we sought to assess the effect of probiotics/synbiotics supplementation on renal and liver biomarkers in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) using a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials (RCT). PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science and Cochrane Library were systematically searched, up to February 2021. The pooled weighted mean difference (WMD) was estimated using a random-effects model. The methodological quality of studies, as well as certainty of evidence, was assessed using standard scales. Fifteen related trials were identified. Meta-analysis of six trials, involving 426 participants, indicated that probiotics/synbiotics supplementation reduced serum levels of creatinine (WMD = -0 center dot 10 mg/dl, 95 % CI -0 center dot 20, -0 center dot 00; P = 0 center dot 01; I ( 2 ) = 87 center dot 7 %; P-heterogeneity < 0 center dot 001), without any significant effect on blood urea nitrogen (BUN), glomerular filtration rate or microalbuminuria. No significant improvement was found on liver biomarkers following probiotics/synbiotics supplementation. The subgroup analysis showed a significant improvement in BUN when follow-up duration lasted for 12 weeks or more (WMD = -1 center dot 215 mg/dl, 95 % CI -1 center dot 933, -0 center dot 496; P = 0 center dot 001) and in creatinine levels in patients with renal dysfunction (WMD = -0 center dot 209 mg/dl, 95 % CI -0 center dot 322, -0 center dot 096; P < 0 center dot 001). Our results are insufficient to advocate the use of probiotics/synbiotics for improving renal or liver function in patients with T2DM. Indeed, due to the low certainty of evidence, these findings need to be affirmed in further high-quality RCT.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Modifies Plasma Glucose Concentrations and Glycated Hemoglobin: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Dairy product intake is inversely associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in numerous cohort studies; yet, the beneficial effects of increased dairy product intake on T2D risk factors such as fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin, insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) remain inconclusive in clinical trials. The objective of this study was to systematically review clinical trials observing the effects of elevated compared with minimal intake of dairy products on T2D risk factors in subjects without diabetes. Five databases [Medline, EMBASE, Central, CINAHL, AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine)] were searched to identify randomized controlled trials that used elevated quantities of dairy products fromruminant sources in comparison with a lower intake in control groups. The review outcomeswere fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c. Risk of bias and quality of evidence according to Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation were addressed. From the 10,627 citations screened, 44 studies (3016 participants) were included, 38 of which were used in the meta-analyses. Fasting glucose was positively associated with elevated dairy intake [34 studies, n = 2678; mean difference (MD): 0.07 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.12 mmol/L; P = 0.01, I-2 = 23%]. Fasting insulin (29 studies, n = 1902; MD: -2.97 pmol/L; 95% CI: -7.05, 1.10 pmol/L; P = 0.15, I-2 = 21%) and HOMA-IR (13 studies, n = 840; standardized MD: -0.07; 95% CI: -0.26, 0.12; P = 0.49, I-2 = 38%) were not associated with elevated dairy consumption. HbA1c was negatively associated with elevated dairy product intake in 4 studies (n = 512; MD: -0.09%; 95% CI: -0.09%, -0.03%; P= 0.005, I-2 = 0%). Most studies had high risk of bias and the quality of evidence was very low or low. In conclusion, evidence suggests that elevated dairy product intake is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose concentrations together with reduced HbA1c in nondiabetic subjects. Hence, the clinical significance of these results remains uncertain. Additional well-designed, long-term studies are required.
Effects of probiotics supplement in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background and objective: To objectively evaluate the effects of probiotics supplement on glycemic control and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Preventive Role of Diet Interventions and Dietary Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Umbrella Review; Background: Although the body of evidence indicates clear benefits of dietary modifications for prevention of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), it may be difficult for healthcare providers to recommend which diet interventions or dietary factors are appropriate for patients as there are too many modalities available. Accordingly, we performed an umbrella review to synthesize evidence on diet interventions and dietary factors in prevention of T2DM. Methods: Medline and Scopus databases were searched for relevant studies. Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized-controlled trial or observational studies were eligible if they measured effects of diet interventions and/or dietary factors including dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients on risk of T2DM. The effect of each diet intervention/factor was summarized qualitatively. Results: Sixty systematic reviews and meta-analyses were eligible. Results of the review suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets, and high consumption of whole grains, low-fat dairy products, yogurt, olive oil, chocolate, fiber, magnesium, and flavonoid significantly reduced the risk of T2DM. In contrast, high glycemic index and glycemic load diets, high consumption of red and processed meat, and sugar or artificial sugar-sweetened beverages significantly increased risk of T2DM. Prescribing diet interventions with or without physical activity interventions significantly decreased risk of T2DM in both high-risk and general population. Conclusion: High consumption of Mediterranean and DASH diet, and interventions that modified the quality of diet intake significantly reduced risk of T2DM especially in the high-risk population. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease burden from T2DM in the future.
Camel milk for reduction of diabetes risk: Are we heading toward the right direction?; Diabetes is emerging as an important public health problem in India imparting huge burden on healthcare economics. Recently a milk packaging company has introduced camel milk product with its potential use in reducing risk of diabetes. In this study, we had evaluated the available evidences and found that though camel milk may have some benefits for the patients with type 1 diabetes, its efficacy for improving glycemic profile of type 2 diabetes is highly controversial and further evidences in the form of randomized controlled trials are needed to substantiate the effect.
Insulin, Insulin Everywhere: A Rare Case Report of Rabson-Mendenhall Syndrome; Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome (RMS) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by severe insulin resistance, a condition in which the body's tissues and organs do not respond appropriately to the hormone insulin. Insulin resistance impairs blood sugar regulation and ultimately leads to diabetes mellitus. A 19-year-old male presented with joint pain, blurring of vision, and generalized weakness. Investigations revealed hyperglycemia (random blood sugar (RBS) > 625 mg/dL, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) 18%), as well as sugars, protein, and ketone bodies in urine routine examination. An ultrasound of the abdomen was normal. Cardiac status was normal. Based on the clinical features, particularly the head to toe examination, skin changes, and the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, RMS syndrome was considered. The joint pain was alleviated with intravenous tramadol. Actrapida, a fast-acting insulin, was given to control sugar levels, along with metformin. Vitamin B12 and pregabalin were also supplemented. A dermatological cream containing ammonium chloride, calcium lactate, glycerin, potassium chloride, sodium dihydrogen phosphate, and urea was given for skincare. It is an extremely rare disease with a frequency of fewer than one million people worldwide. Most patients survive only up to 15 years of age, although some can live into their third decade of life. Hepatic gluconeogenesis and fatty acid oxidation are affected, leading to ketoacidosis. The progression is much faster in RMS. In RMS, the genetic defect affects the insulin receptor (INSR) gene transcription with non-sense mutations and causes splicing defects. This results in premature chain termination and eventually to lower amounts of the insulin receptor messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA). Ultimately, the number and density of insulin receptors in the plasma membrane are smaller, making the cells resistant to insulin. Herein, we report the case of a 19-year-old patient with RMS who was treated in our hospital, leading to a successful improvement in symptoms and discharge of the patient.
The amount and type of dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: results from the EPIC-InterAct Study; Background: Dairy product intake may be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes, but the evidence is inconclusive for total dairy products and sparse for types of dairy products.
Association of branched chain fatty acids with cardiometabolic disorders in humans: a systematic review; Context Despite advances in treatments for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity, the increasing frequency of these conditions is of major clinical and public health concern. Therefore, primary prevention including diet and lifestyle approaches continues to play a key role in risk reduction. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies have documented inverse associations of dairy consumption with the incidence of different cardiometabolic disorders. Dairy is the largest dietary contributor of branched chain fatty acids (BCFAs), which have been suggested to not only serve as biomarkers of dairy consumption but may also have bioactive properties contributing to reducing the risk of cardiometabolic outcomes. To date, however, the literature on this topic has not been systematically reviewed. Objective The aim here was to report the results of a systematic review of the association of BCFAs with cardiometabolic disorders in humans. Data Sources Search terms were developed and run through the Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases. Data Extraction Articles were selected on the basis of prespecified inclusion criteria and assessed for risk of bias by independent reviewers. Results Four studies (n = 2 cross sectional; n = 1 randomized feeding trial and n = 1 pre-post study) were identified. Two studies reported significant inverse associations between serum BCFAs and insulin resistance, triglycerides and/or body mass index. One study identified an inverse association between adipose tissue monomethyl BCFAs and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. In contrast, the randomized feeding trial reported no significant differences to stool BCFA concentrations or body mass index in obese participants following assignment to fruit-vegetable or whole-grain diet groups compared with a refined-grain control group. Conclusions Current evidence suggests beneficial associations of circulating BCFAs with cardiometabolic risk phenotypes, although data in human participants are limited, indicating that additional research is required. PROSPERO registration no CRD42021224975.
Beneficial Effects of Potentilla discolor Bunge Water Extract on Inflammatory Cytokines Release and Gut Microbiota in High-Fat Diet and Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetic Mice; Potentilla discolor Bunge (PDB), a perennial herb, has been used as a traditional Chinese medicine in the therapy of many diseases. The aim of the current study was to investigate the effect of PDB water extract on systemic inflammation and gut microbiota in type 2 diabetic (T2D) mice induced by high-fat diet (HFD) and streptozotocin (STZ) injection. C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into a normal diet (ND) group, T2D group, and PDB group (diabetic mice treated with PDB water extract at a dose of 400 mg/kg body weight). Results showed that PDB significantly decreased the levels of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and pro-inflammatory cytokines in serum. Further investigation showed that PDB significantly reduced the ratio of Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes and the relative abundance of Proteobacteria in fecal samples of diabetic mice. In addition, PDB notably alleviated intestinal inflammation as evidenced by decreased expression of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), myeloid differentiation factor 88 (MyD88), nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B), and inflammatory cytokines. PDB also reversed the decreased expression of intestinal mucosal tight junction proteins including Claudin3, ZO-1, and Occludin. Meanwhile, the levels of fecal acetic acid and butyric acid and their specific receptors including G-protein-coupled receptor (GPR) 41 and 43 expression in the colon were also increased after PDB treatment. Our results indicated that PDB might serve as a potential functional ingredient against diabetes and related inflammation.
Glycemic, Insulinemic, and Appetite Responses of Patients With Type 2 Diabetes to Commonly Consumed Breads; Purpose
A flexible, low-glycemic index Mexican-style diet in overweight and obese subjects with type 2 diabetes improves metabolic parameters during a 6-week treatment period; OBJECTIVE - The aim of this study was to compare the effects of a flexible lower- and higher-glycemic index (GI) Mexican-style diet on biochemical data and BMI during a 6-week treatment period.
Post-prandial effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil on endothelial function in adults at risk for type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Background: Effects of olive oil on cardiovascular risk have been controversial. We compared the effects of high-polyphenolic extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and refined olive oil without polyphenols on endothelial function (EF) in adults at risk for Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects; The purpose of the present study was to determine whether probiotic supplementation (Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS)) prevents diet-induced insulin resistance in human subjects. A total of seventeen healthy subjects were randomised to either a probiotic (n 8) or a control (n 9) group. The probiotic group consumed a LcS-fermented milk drink twice daily for 4 weeks, whereas the control group received no supplementation. Subjects maintained their normal diet for the first 3 weeks of the study, after which they consumed a high-fat (65% of energy), high-energy (50% increase in energy intake) diet for 7 d. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was assessed by an oral glucose tolerance test conducted before and after overfeeding. Body mass increased by 0.6 (SE 0.2) kg in the control group (P<0.05) and by 0.3 (SE 0.2) kg in the probiotic group (P>0.05). Fasting plasma glucose concentrations increased following 7 d of overeating (control group: 5.3 (SE 0.1) v. 5.6 (SE 0.2) mmol/l before and after overfeeding, respectively, P<0.05), whereas fasting serum insulin concentrations were maintained in both groups. Glucose AUC values increased by 10% (from 817 (SE 45) to 899 (SE 39) mmol/l per 120 min, P<0.05) and whole-body insulin sensitivity decreased by 27% (from 5.3 (SE 1.4) to 3.9 (SE 0.9), P<0.05) in the control group, whereas normal insulin sensitivity was maintained in the probiotic group (4.4 (SE 0.8) and 4.5 (SE 0.9) before and after overeating, respectively (P>0.05). These results suggest that probiotic supplementation may be useful in the prevention of diet-induced metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Preventive Care Program during the Compound Humanitarian Crisis and COVID-19 Pandemic in Venezuela; Effective preventive care programs are urgently needed during humanitarian crises, as has been especially obvious during the COVID-19 pandemic. A pragmatic trial was designed: hybridized intervention (Diabetes Prevention Program [DPP] + medical nutrition therapy + liquid diet [LD]; LD group) vs. DPP only (DPP group). The participants were adults who were overweight/obese and at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The LD consisted of a "homemade" milk- and fruit-juice-based beverage. Pandemic restrictions delayed the program by nine months, tripled the amount of time required for screening, and reduced the total sample to 60%. Eventually, 127 participants were randomized, and 94/127 participants (74.0%) completed the first phase. Participant dropout was influenced by migration, COVID-19 symptoms, education level, and socioeconomic status. In two months, the LD group lost 2.9 kg (p < 0.001) and the DPP group, 2.2 kg (p < 0.001) (between-group p = 0.170), with improvements in their cardiometabolic risk factors. At this stage, the DPP was shown to be feasible and effective, demonstrating weight loss with the improvement of cardiometabolic risk factors in a primary setting in Venezuela, a middle-income country with a chronic humanitarian crisis, during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Acute effects of an isocaloric macronutrient-matched breakfast meal containing almonds on glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with type 2 diabetes: a randomized crossover study; This randomized crossover study assessed the acute effects of almonds on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in a sample of 7 men with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Participants completed 2 experimental visits during which a control (white bread, butter, cheese) and a test (white bread, almonds) meal were ingested. Energy, available carbohydrate, total lipid, and protein content were the same in both meals. Blood samples were collected in fasting state as well as 15, 30, 60, 90, 120, and 240 min postprandially for quantifying blood glucose, as well as insulin and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) serum concentrations. Subjective appetite sensations were assessed using visual analog scales at the same time-points. Within this sample of participants, the test meal was found to be associated with lower postprandial glycemia and insulinemia, higher GLP-1 serum concentrations, decreased hunger and desire to eat, and increased fullness. The test meal was also associated with an increased estimated glucose metabolic clearance rate, indicating higher postprandial insulin sensitivity. Overall, results suggest that almonds' macronutrient subtype profile could have a beneficial impact on postprandial glycemic, hormonal, and appetite responses in men with T2D. Studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to confirm these findings.
Camel Milk Used as an Adjuvant Therapy to Treat Type 2 Diabetic Patients: Effects on Blood Glucose, HbA1c, Cholesterol, and TG Levels; The efficacy of camel milk to treat diabetes has been shown recently, especially in experimental animals and in patients with diabetes type 1 (T1DM), whereas studies on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are limited. In this clinical trial, 60 patients with T2DM who used oral antidiabetic drugs were assigned into two groups; group 1 received-in addition to the antidiabetic prescribed medicines-500 mL of raw camel milk divided equally two times/day (fasting in the morning and the night) for three months. Group 2 was treated during the same period only by the oral antidiabetic medicaments without consumption of camel milk. A significant decrease was shown in fasting blood glucose (FBG) (from 9.89 +/- 0.98 to 6.13 +/- 0.55 mmol/L) and postprandial glucose (PPG) (from 15.89 +/- 4.34 to 7.44 +/- 1.02 mmol/L) in the group 1. A significant decline (P < 0.05) in HbA1c levels was observed in the group treated with camel milk (from 9.44 +/- 0.16 to 6.61 +/- 0.14%, with a percentage decrease of 30%). Total cholesterol and TG significantly decreased in group 1. Urea and creatinine showed no statistical differences between the two groups during the trial. Based on this study's results, camel milk could be useful for glycemic control in T2DM patients using oral hypoglycemic agents.
Improvement of Vitamin D Status via Daily Intake of Fortified Yogurt Drink Either with or without Extra Calcium Ameliorates Systemic Inflammatory Biomarkers, including Adipokines, in the Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Context: Systemic inflammation is thought to have a central role in diabetic long-term complications.
Dietary Protein Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Recently, some studies have focused on the relationship between dietary protein intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but the conclusions have been inconsistent. Therefore, in this paper, a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies regarding protein consumption and T2DM risk are conducted in order to present the association between them. We searched the PubMed and Embase databases for cohort studies on dietary protein, high-protein food consumption and risk of T2DM, up to July 2017. A summary of relative risks was compiled by the fixed-effect model or random-effect model. Eleven cohort studies regarded protein intake and T2DM (52,637 cases among 483,174 participants). The summary RR and 95% CI (Confidence Interval) of T2DM was 1.12 (1.08-1.17) in all subjects, 1.13 (1.04-1.24) in men, and 1.09 (1.04-1.15) in women for total protein; 1.14 (1.09-1.19) in all subjects, 1.23 (1.09-1.38) in men, and 1.11 (1.03-1.19) in women for animal protein; 0.96 (0.88-1.06) in all subjects, 0.98 (0.72-1.34) in men, and 0.92 (0.86-0.98) in women for plant protein. We also compared the association between different food sources of protein and the risk of T2DM. The summary RR (Relative Risk) and 95% CI of T2DM was 1.22 (1.09-1.36) for red meat, 1.39 (1.29-1.49) for processed meat, 1.03 (0.89-1.17) for fish, 1.03 (0.64-1.67) for egg, 0.89 (0.84-0.94) for total dairy products, 0.87 (0.78-0.96) for whole milk, 0.83 (0.70-0.98) for yogurt, 0.74 (0.59-0.93) in women for soy. This meta-analysis shows that total protein and animal protein could increase the risk of T2DM in both males and females, and plant protein decreases the risk of T2DM in females. The association between high-protein food types and T2DM are also different. Red meat and processed meat are risk factors of T2DM, and soy, dairy and dairy products are the protective factors of T2DM. Egg and fish intake are not associated with a decreased risk of T2DM. This research indicates the type of dietary protein and food sources of protein that should be considered for the prevention of diabetes.
The effects of vitamin D supplementation on indices of glycemic control in Iranian diabetics: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and purpose: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the effects of vitamin D supplements on indices of glycemic control [homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) and lipid profile in diabetic patients.
Plasma Industrial and Ruminant <i>Trans</i> Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes in the EPIC-Potsdam Cohort; OBJECTIVEAlthough dietary intake of trans fatty acid (TFA) is a major public health concern because of the associated increase in the risk of cardiovascular events, it remains unclear whether TFAs also influence risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and whether industrial TFAs (iTFAs) and ruminant TFAs (rTFAs) exert the same effect on health. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSTo investigate the relationship of 7 rTFAs and iTFAs, including 2 conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), plasma phospholipid TFAs were measured in a case-cohort study nested within the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam cohort. The analytical sample was a random subsample (n = 1,248) and incident cases of T2D (n = 801) over a median follow-up of 6.5 years. Using multivariable Cox regression models, we examined associations of TFAs with incident T2D. RESULTSThe TFA subtypes were intercorrelated with each other, with other fatty acids, and with different food sources. After controlling for other TFAs, the iTFAs (18:1n-6t, 18:1n-9t, 18:2n-6,9t) were not associated with diabetes risk. Some rTFA subtypes were inversely associated with diabetes risk: vaccenic acid (18:1n-7t; hazard ratio [HR] per SD 0.72; 95% CI 0.58-0.89) and t10c12-CLA (HR per SD 0.81; 95% CI 0.70-0.94), whereas c9t11-CLA was positively associated (HR per SD 1.39; 95% CI 1.19-1.62). Trans-palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7t) was not associated with diabetes risk when adjusting for the other TFAs (HR per SD 1.08; 95% CI 0.88-1.31). CONCLUSIONSThe TFAs' conformation plays an essential role in their relationship to diabetes risk. rTFA subtypes may have opposing relationships to diabetes risk. Previous observations for reduced diabetes risk with higher levels of circulating trans-palmitoleic acid are likely due to confounding.
Effects of whey protein on skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity following 10 weeks of exercise training in men with type 2 diabetes; Skeletal muscle microvascular dysfunction and mitochondrial rarefaction feature in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) linked to low tissue glucose disposal rate (GDR). Exercise training and milk protein supplementation independently promote microvascular and metabolic plasticity in muscle associated with improved nutrient delivery, but combined effects are unknown. In a randomised-controlled trial, 24 men (55.6 y, SD 5.7) with T2DM ingested whey protein drinks (protein/carbohydrate/fat: 20/10/3 g WHEY) or placebo (carbohydrate/fat: 30/3 g; CON) before/after 45 mixed-mode intense exercise sessions over 10 weeks, to study effects on insulin-stimulated (hyperinsulinemic damp) skeletal-muscle microvascular blood flow (mBF) and perfusion (near-infrared spectroscopy), and histological, genetic, and biochemical markers (biopsy) of microvascular and mitochondrial plasticity. WHEY enhanced insulin-stimulated perfusion (WHEY-CON 5.6%; 90% CI 0.1, 11.3), while mBF was not altered (3.5%; 17.5, 24.5); perfusion, but not mBF, associated (regression) with increased GDR. Exercise training increased mitochondrial (range of means: 40%-90%) and lipid density (20%-30%), enzyme activity (20%-70%), capillary:fibre ratio (similar to 25%), and lowered systolic (similar to 4%) and diastolic (4%-5%) blood pressure, but without WHEY effects. WHEY dampened PGClot -2.9% (90% compatibility interval: -5.7, -0.2) and NOS3 -6.4% (-1.4, -0.2) expression, but other messenger RNA (mRNA) were unclear. Skeletal muscle microvascular and mitochondrial exercise adaptations were not accentuated by whey protein ingestion in men with T2DM. ANZCTR Registration Number. ACTRN12614001197628.
Effect of Probiotic Fermented Milk Supplementation on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism Parameters and Inflammatory Markers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Simple Summary In the present meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials, probiotic fermented milk supplementation appeared to be beneficial in lowering the levels of fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol, and C-reactive protein. While these findings are encouraging, they should be interpreted cautiously, as considerable limitations of the included trials and analyses precluded solid conclusions.Abstract Modulating gut microbiota composition through probiotic administration has been proposed as a novel therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and fermented milk is arguably the most common and ideal probiotic carrier. The present meta-analysis was performed to assess the effects of probiotic fermented milk supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism parameters and inflammatory markers in patients with T2DM using published data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant RCTs. A random-effects model was used to generate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI). Probiotic fermented milk supplementation reduced the levels of fasting plasma glucose (MD = -17.01, 95% CI -26.43, -7.58 mg/dL; n = 7), hemoglobin A1c (MD = -0.47, 95% CI -0.74, -0.21%; n = 7), total cholesterol (MD = -5.15, 95% CI -9.52, -0.78 mg/dL; n = 7), and C-reactive protein (MD = -0.25, 95% CI -0.43, -0.08; n = 3) but did not significantly affect the levels of HOMA-IR (MD = -0.89, 95% CI -2.55, 0.78; n = 3), triglyceride (MD = -4.69, 95% CI -14.67, 5.30 mg/dL; n = 6), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = -4.25, 95% CI -8.63, 0.13 mg/dL; n = 7), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = 1.20, 95% CI -0.96, 3.36 mg/dL; n = 7), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (MD: -0.58, 95% CI -1.47, 0.32 pg/mL; n = 2). In summary, the present findings provide a crude indication of the potential benefits of probiotic fermented milk supplementation in improving glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation in patients with T2DM. However, more robust evidence is needed to determine the clinical significance of probiotic fermented milk in the management of T2DM.
Dairy Product Intake and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in EPIC-InterAct: A Mendelian Randomization Study; OBJECTIVE To estimate the causal association between intake of dairy products and incident type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The analysis included 21,820 European individuals (9,686 diabetes cases) of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-InterAct case-cohort study. Participants were genotyped, and rs4988235 (LCT-12910C>T), a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) for lactase persistence (LP) that enables digestion of dairy sugar, i.e., lactose, was imputed. Baseline dietary intakes were assessed with diet questionnaires. We investigated the associations between imputed SNP dosage for rs4988235 and intake of dairy products and other foods through linear regression. Mendelian randomization (MR) estimates for the milk-diabetes relationship were obtained through a two-stage least squares regression. RESULTS Each additional LP allele was associated with a higher intake of milk (beta 17.1 g/day, 95% CI 10.6-23.6) and milk beverages (beta 2.8 g/day, 95% CI 1.0-4.5) but not with intake of other dairy products. Other dietary intakes associated with rs4988235 included fruits (beta -7.0 g/day, 95% CI -12.4 to -1.7 per additional LP allele), nonalcoholic beverages (beta -18.0 g/day, 95% CI -34.4 to -1.6), and wine (beta -4.8 g/day, 95% CI -9.1 to -0.6). In instrumental variable analysis, LP-associated milk intake was not associated with diabetes (hazard ratio(per 15 g/day) 0.99, 95% CI 0.93-1.05). CONCLUSIONS rs4988235 was associated with milk intake but not with intake of other dairy products. This MR study does not suggest that milk intake is associated with diabetes, which is consistent with previous observational and genetic associations. LP may be associated with intake of other foods as well, but owing to the modest associations, we consider it unlikely that this caused the observed null result.
Primary prevention of diabetes: What can be done and how much can be prevented?; Although it is widely believed that type 2 diabetes mellitus is the result of a complex interplay between genetic and environmental factors, compelling evidence from epidemiologic studies indicates that the current worldwide diabetes epidemic is largely due to changes in diet and lifestyle. Prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that type 2 diabetes can be prevented largely through moderate diet and lifestyle modifications. Excess adiposity is the most important risk factor for diabetes, and thus, maintaining a healthy body weight and avoiding weight gain during adulthood is the cornerstone of diabetes prevention. Increasing physical activity and reducing sedentary behaviors such as prolonged TV watching are important both for maintaining body weight and improving insulin sensitivity. There is increasing evidence that the quality of fat and carbohydrate plays a more important role than does the quantity, and thus, public health strategies should emphasize replacing saturated and trans fats with unsaturated fats and replacing refined grain products with whole grains. Recent studies have also suggested a potential role for coffee, dairy, nuts, magnesium, and calcium in preventing diabetes. Overall, a healthy diet, together with regular physical activity, maintenance of a healthy weight, moderate alcohol consumption, and avoidance of sedentary behaviors and smoking, could nearly eliminate type 2 diabetes. However, there is still a wide gap between what we know and what we practice in the field of public health; how to narrow that gap remains a major public health challenge.
Knowledge about type 2 diabetes: its impact for future management; Diabetes can cause several long-term complications. Knowledge about this disease can play an important role in reducing diabetes-related complications. In addition, the lack of awareness leads to misconceptions, which joined with inadequate knowledge, are relevant barriers to proper diabetes management. In this study, we aimed to assess the diabetes knowledge of a type 2 diabetes (T2D) population and identify major knowledge gaps, in order to prevent complications and to increase quality of life. In a cross-sectional, observational study in a convenience sample, we identified individuals diagnosed with T2D attending ambulatory visits from five health settings, older than 18 years, with a time diagnosis of at least 1 year, and attending multidisciplinary visits for at least 3 months. To assess the knowledge of T2D individuals, we applied the Portuguese version of the Diabetes Knowledge Test. The sample included a total of 1,200 persons, of whom almost half were female. The age range of the participants varied from 24 to 94 years old, and the mean age was 65.6 +/- 11.4 years. Most of the sample had a level of education under secondary and lived with someone. In our sample, 479 (39.9%) were insulin-treated. The percentage of correct answers was 51.8% for non-insulin vs. 58.7% for insulin treated (p < 0.05). There were three items with a percentage of correct answers lower than 15%; the item with the lower value of correct answers was the one related to the identification of signs of ketoacidosis with only 4.4% of correct answers, the errors presented a random pattern; the item related to the identification of which food should not be used to treat low blood glucose with 11.9%, where 56.9% of the sample's participants considered that one cup of skim milk would be the correct answer (53.1% in non-insulin patients and 62.6% in insulin treated patients; p < 0.001). The item regarding the knowledge of free food presented a 13.3% of correct answers (10.8% non-insulin group vs. 17.1% insulin group; p < 0.01). Two of the three items with lower value of correct answers were related to glycemic control and health status monitoring, the other was related to diet and food.
The Role of Bovine and Non-Bovine Milk in Cardiometabolic Health: Should We Raise the "Baa"?; Although causality is yet to be confirmed, a considerable volume of research has explored the relationships between cow milk consumption, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Contrastingly, it has not been comprehensively examined whether milk of non-bovine origin can provide cardiometabolic protection. This narrative review outlines the marked differences in macronutrient composition, particularly protein and lipid content, and discusses how whole milk product (and individual milk ingredients) from different species could impact cardiometabolic health. There is some data, although primarily from compositional analyses, animal studies, and acute clinical trials, that non-bovine milk (notably sheep and goat milk) could be a viable substitute to cow milk for the maintenance, or enhancement, of cardiometabolic health. With a high content of medium-chain triglycerides, conjugated linoleic acid, leucine, and essential minerals, sheep milk could assist in the prevention of metabolic-related disorders. Similarly, albeit with a lower content of such functional compounds relative to sheep milk, goat and buffalo milk could be plausible counterparts to cow milk. However, the evidence required to generate nutritional recommendations for 'non-bovine milk' is currently lacking. Longer-term randomised controlled trials must assess how the bioactive ingredients of different species' milks collectively influence biomarkers of, and subsequently incidence of, cardiometabolic health.
Does dairy calcium intake enhance weight loss among overweight diabetic patients?; OBJECTIVE- To examine the effect of dairy calcium consumption on weight loss and improvement in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes indicators among overweight diabetic patients.
Influence of whey protein and its hydrolysate on prehypertension and postprandial hyperglycaemia in adult men; The effects of pre-meal consumption of whey protein isolate (WPI) and its hydrolysate (WPH) on blood pressure in pre-hypertensive and post-meal plasma responses in type 2 diabetic subjects were investigated. In a placebo-controlled double-blind randomised study, ten male patients with type 2 diabetes received dosages of WPI or WPH (0, 0.1, 0.2 and 0.4 g kg(-1) body weight). Ingestion of 0.2 g kg(-1) WPH or 0.4 g kg(-1) WPI markedly promoted insulin secretion leading to a major reduction (p < 0.01) in post-challenge plasma glucose response. Plasma insulin concentration increased significantly (p < 0.05) only in the 0.4 g kg(-1) WPH trial concomitant with returning the glucose level to the normal range 2 h after the meal. Neither WPH nor WPI (21 g day(-1)) caused a significant reduction (p > 0.05) in systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure of pre-hypertensive subjects over the one-week administration. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet delivered with meal kits to Danish people with type 2 diabetes: protocol for a 12-month randomised controlled trial; Introduction The cornerstone in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is lifestyle modification including a healthy diet, typically one in which carbohydrate provides 45%-60% of total energy intake (E%). Nevertheless, systematic reviews and meta-analyses of trials with low carbohydrate diets (which are increased in protein and/or fat) for T2D have found improved glycaemic control in the first months relative to comparator diets with higher carbohydrate content. Studies lasting >= 1 year are inconclusive, which could be due to decreased long-term dietary adherence. We hypothesise that glucometabolic benefits can be achieved following 12 months of carbohydrate-restricted dieting, by maximising dietary adherence through delivery of meal kits, containing fresh, high-quality ingredients for breakfast, dinner and snacks, combined with nutrition education and counselling. Methods and analysis This protocol describes a 12-month investigator-initiated randomised controlled, open-label, superiority trial with two parallel groups that will examine the effect of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet compared with a conventional diabetes (CD) diet on glucometabolic control (change in glycated haemoglobin being the primary outcome) in 100 individuals with T2D and body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m(2). Participants will be randomised 1:1 to receive either the CRHP or the CD diet (comprised 30/50 E% from carbohydrate, 30/17 E% from protein and 40/33 E% from fat, respectively) for 12 months delivered as meal kits, containing foods covering more than two-thirds of the participants' estimated daily energy requirements for weight maintenance. Adherence to the allocated diets will be reinforced by monthly sessions of nutrition education and counselling from registered clinical dietitians. Ethics and dissemination The trial has been approved by the National Committee on Health Research Ethics of the Capital Region of Denmark. The trial will be conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Results will be submitted for publication in international peer-reviewed scientific journals.
Dairy Products Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis; Background: The consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but inconsistent findings have been reported. Moreover, large variation in the types of dairy intake has not yet been fully explored.
The effect of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, with and without added calcium, on serum adiponectin and sirtuins 1 and 6 in adult subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background Some evidence suggests indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D in diabetes via adiponectin and sirtuins. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink, either with or without added calcium, on serum adiponectin, sirtuins (SIRT)1 and 6. Methods Briefly, 75 adults aged 30-60 years from both sexes with type 2 diabetes were randomly allocated to one of the three groups: (i) D-fortified-yogurt drink (DY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 300 mg calcium), (ii) Ca+D-fortified-yogurt drink (CDY; containing 1000 IU vitamin D and 500 mg calcium) and (iii) plain yogurt drink (PY; containing no detectable vitamin D and 300 mg calcium). All assessments were performed initially and after 12 weeks. Results A significant within-group increment in serum adiponectin concentrations was observed in both DY and CDY groups (+60.4 +/- 8.6, +57.5 +/- 6.4 mu g/L, respectively; p < 0.001 for both). The concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 had a significant within-group increment only in the CDY group (p = 0.003, p = 0.001 respectively). Being in CDY group was more favorable predictor of improvement in SIRT6 concentrations. Changes of 25(OH)D were a significant predictor of changes of adiponectin. However, this association disappeared following adjustment for changes of SIRT1. In contrast, the association between changes of 25(OH)D and HbA1c remained significant even after adjustment for SIRT1. Conclusions Daily consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink for 12 weeks resulted in an increase in circulating concentrations of SIRT1 and SIRT6 in T2D subjects and D+Ca-fortified yogurt drink was more in favor of SIRT6 increment.
Effect of lactic acid fermented foods on glycemic control in diabetic adults: a systemic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) fermented foods are reported to have potential in managing glycemic control. This systematic review aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of LAB-fermented foods on improving glycemic control in adults with prediabetics or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on LAB fermentation-related foods were searched on PubMed, Cochrane, Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), and Web of Science. Sixteen RCTs were included, and the results concluded LAB-fermented food had significant effects in HbA1c (Z = 6.24, MD = -0.05, CI: -0.07 to -0.04, p <= 0.00001), fasting plasma glucose (Z = 2.50, MD = -0.16, CI: -0.29 to -0.04, p = 0.01) and fasting serum insulin (Z = 2.51, MD = -0.20, CI: -0.35 to -0.04, p = 0.01). There were significant effects on lipid profile, inflammatory markers, and body mass index in secondary analyses. Subgroup analysis suggests LAB-fermented consumption with a longer duration, younger age group and adults with T2DM, had a larger effect size. Clinicians could offer LAB-fermented food as dietary recommendations for prediabetic and diabetic adults. Larger trials are warranted to verify LAB-fermented food benefits on glycemic control. Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO Registration No. CRD42022295220
Acute metabolic response to high-carbohydrate, high-starch meals compared with moderate-carbohydrate, low-starch meals in subjects with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - The monosaccharides resulting from the digestion of ingested carbohydrates are glucose, fructose, and galactose. Of these three monosaccharides, only ingested glucose resulted in a large increase in the plasma glucose concentration. Fructose (Metabolism 41.510-517, 1992) and galactose (Metabolism 42:1560-1567, 1993) had only a minor effect. Therefore, we were interested in determining whether we could design a mixed meal, using foods of known monosaccharide, disaccharide, and starch composition, the ingestion of which would result in only a small rise in plasma glucose concentration.
Regular Consumption of Both Vitamin D- and Calcium- and Vitamin D-Fortified Yogurt Drink Is Equally Accompanied by Lowered Blood Lipoprotein (a) and Elevated Apoprotein A1 in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the major morbidity and cause of death in diabetic subjects. Observational studies have shown the association of low vitamin D status with poor glycemic control, atherogenic lipid profile, and CVD. However, the possible link between circulating 25-hydroxycholecalciferol and apoproteins (Apo A1 and B) and the atherogenic lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] has not been documented to date.
The effects of probiotic bacteria on glycaemic control in overweight men and women: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence from animal and in vitro models suggest a role of probiotic bacteria in improving glycaemic control and delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence froth controlled trials in humans is limited. The objective was to determine if the probiotic bacteria L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, supplemented in a whole food (yoghurt) or isolated (capsules) form, can improve biomarkers of glycaemic control.
Dairy product intake modifies gut microbiota composition among hyperinsulinemic individuals; Purposes The objectives of this study were to investigate differences in gut microbiota (GM) composition after high dairy intake (HD) compared to adequate dairy intake (AD) and to correlate GM composition variations with the change in glycemic parameters in hyperinsulinemic subjects. Methods In this crossover study, 10 hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to HD (>= 4 servings/day) or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks, separated by a 6-week washout period. Fasting insulin and glucose levels were measured after each intervention. Insulin resistance was calculated with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). GM was determined with 16S rRNA-based high-throughput sequencing at the end of each intervention. Paired t test, correlations and machine learning analyses were performed. Results Endpoint glycemic parameters were not different between HD and AD intake. After HD compared with AD intake, there was a decrease in the abundance of bacteria in Roseburia and Verrucomicrobia (p = 0.04 and p = 0.02, respectively) and a trend for an increase abundance in Faecalibacteria and Flavonifractor (p = 0.05 and p = 0.06, respectively). The changes in abundance of Coriobacteriia, Erysipelotrichia, and Flavonifractor were negatively correlated with the change in HOMA-IR between the AD and HD phases. Furthermore, a predictive GM signature, including Anaerotruncus, Flavonifractor, Ruminococcaceae, and Subdoligranulum, was related to HOMA-IR. Conclusion Overall, these results suggest that HD modifies the abundance of specific butyrate-producing bacteria in Firmicutes and of bacteria in Verrucomicrobia in hyperinsulinemic individuals. In addition, the butyrate producing bacteria in Firmicutes phylum correlate negatively with insulin resistance.
Effect of Addition of Silymarin to Renin-Angiotensin System Inhibitors on Proteinuria in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Overt Nephropathy: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: A large proportion of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have diabetic nephropathy. Despite current therapies including renin-angiotensin system inhibitors, diabetic nephropathy progresses to end-stage renal disease in most of these patients. Therefore, there is an urgent need to find new treatments for such patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of silymarin, an herbal drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, in preventing the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
The effect of chromium on inflammatory markers, 1st and 2nd phase insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes; Impaired insulin sensitivity (SI) and beta-cell function are the two main causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and are related to low-grade inflammation status. Trivalent chromium has shown to improve SI in our previous study. This might be due to the ability of decreasing interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) shown in animal studies. In the current study, we measured SI, beta-cell function, and plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha after treatment of chromium chloride (GaCr) in T2D.
Systematic and meta-analysis of <i>Mycobacterium avium </i>subsp.<i> paratuberculosis</i> related type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Global increase in diabetes (DM) prevalence necessitated the need to establish the association between DM and environmental triggers including MAP (Mycobacterium avium subsp. paratuberculosis) that have been postulated to play a role in DM etiopathology for effective management. The present investigation aimed to assess the odds ratio (OR) presenting the association between MAP and DM. MAP-related DM studies were systematically retrieved from 6 databases until 31 September 2021 according to PRISMA principles for data abstraction. The abstracted dataset was fitted to the fixed-effects (FE) and random-effects (RE) models using the Mantel-Haenszel approach. Sixteen studies involving 2072 participants (1152 DM patients (957 type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) & 195 type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)) and 920 healthy controls) met the inclusion criteria. Results revealed a significant association between anti-MAP antibodies (abs) seroprevalence and T1DM (FE: OR 7.47, 95% CI 5.50-10.14, p value < 0.0001; RE: OR 7.92, 95% CI 4.39-14.31, p < 0.0001) and MAP DNA with T1DM (FE: OR 4.70 (95% CI 3.10-7.13, p value < 0.0001), RE: OR 3.90 (95% CI 0.93-16.38, p value = 0.06)). Both anti-MAP abs and MAP DNA based meta-analyses had medium heterogeneity (I-2 = 47.2-61.0%). Meanwhile, no significant association between MAP and T2DM (FE: OR 1.13, 95% CI 0.54-2.37, p value = 0.74; RE: OR 1.19; 95% CI 0.34-4.12, p value = 0.69), its OR magnitude exceeded 1 and prediction interval (0.09-15.29) suggest possibility of association between the duo in the future. The leave-one-out sensitivity analysis depicts a robust meta-analysis in all cases. In conclusion, the study manifests a positive association between MAP and T1DM, highlighting that MAP prevention and environmental control would indubitably revolutionize T1DM management. Also, its projects possible link between MAP and T2DM as more data becomes available. However, it remains elusive whether MAP triggers T1/T2DM or a mere comorbidity in T1/T2DM. Epidemiological activities to fill the global/regional data gaps on MAP-related T1DM and T2DM are advocated in order to assess the burden of MAP-related DM and improve their clinical management.
Rosiglitazone Decreases Bone Mineral Density and Increases Bone Turnover in Postmenopausal Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Context: Postmenopausal status and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are independent risk factors for fractures. An increased fracture risk has been observed with rosiglitazone (RSG), a thiazolidinedione, in patients with T2DM.
The effect of okra (<i>Abelmoschus esculentus</i>) on lipid profiles and glycemic indices inType2 diabetic adults: Randomized double blinded trials; The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of okra consumption on serum levels of lipid profiles and glycemic indices in Type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients. The present study was a randomized, double-blinded clinical trial, carried out in Kerman, Iran. Sixty T2D patients were randomized into intervention and control groups and received 10 g okra powder blended in 150 g conventional yogurt or conventional yogurt alone, along with dinner and lunch, for 8 weeks. Glycemic markers and lipid profile were assessed, as well as anthropometric measures, at the beginning and end of study. The findings showed that 8 weeks okra consumption resulted in a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (-15.61 +/- 19.44 vs. -3.40 +/- 24.78;p= .02), homeostatic model of assessment for insulin resistance (-1.17 +/- 1.61 vs. -0.14 +/- 1.64;p= .01), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (0.01 +/- 0.007 vs. 0.00 +/- 0.01;p= .004), triacylglycerol (-22.30 +/- 32.46 vs. -3.86 +/- 30.57;p= .001), total cholesterol (-10.23 +/- 10.36 vs. -2.03 +/- 13.94;p= .004), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; -8.15 +/- 10.01 vs. -2.31 +/- 9.37;p= .02), and LDL-C/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ratio (-0.28 +/- 0.37 vs. -0.08 +/- 0.24;p= .01). No significant difference was observed between groups in HDL-C, glycated hemoglobin, fasting insulin levels, and anthropometric measures. The present study suggests that okra consumption can elicit improvements in lipid profile, as well as glycemic markers, among T2D patients.
A Vitamin D-Calcium-Fortified Yogurt Drink Decreased Serum PTH but did not Affect Osteocalcin in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes; Introduction: There is sparse evidence of the effect of vitamin D on bone biomarkers in diabetic patients, and therefore, in a randomized clinical trial, we evaluated the effects of the daily intake of vitamin D, either with or without extra calcium, on selected bone biomarkers. Materials and Methods: Ninety women and men aged 30-50 years old with type 2 diabetes were randomly divided into three groups in a double-blind manner. Group 1 (PD), the control group, received a plain yogurt drink. Groups 2 (DD) and 3 (CDD) received 1000 IU vitamin D3, and 1000 IU vitamin D3 plus 500 mg calcium, respectively, via drinking two 250 mL bottles a day of a fortified yogurt drink for twelve weeks. Anthropometric and biochemical assessments were made, including 25(OH), intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH), osteocalcin, and calcium. Results: Although the time and timexgroup interaction effects on the bone biomarkers were not statistically significant, there was a modest decrease in iPTH concentrations in both DD and CDD groups over twelve weeks. The subgroups with initial vitamin D deficiency/insufficiency in the CDD group had greater and significant decrease in serum iPTH concentrations after twelve weeks of treatment compared to the PD group (-9.0 +/- 21.2 v.s 8.6 +/- 21.8 pg/mL, p = 0.042). Conclusion: The improvement in vitamin D status following the daily intake of fortified doogh for twelve weeks was accompanied by a decrement in iPTH, mostly in those subjects with poor initial vitamin D status.
Glucose-lowering effect of whey protein depends upon clinical characteristics of patients with type 2 diabetes; Objective Whey protein (WP) intake has been shown to reduce postprandial glycemia. Majority of WP research in type 2 diabetes (T2DM) involved acute challenge or weight loss studies. It is not known if WP supplementation can provide sustained glucose lowering. Our goal was to investigate the effects of WP on glycemia comprehensively by using continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) while avoiding the confounding effects of variable food intake through controlled feeding.
Change in Food Choices Following a Glycemic Load Intervention in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; The glycemic index (GI) reflects the postprandial glucose response of carbohydrate-containing foods, and adoption of a lower-GI diet may be beneficial in diabetes management. The purpose of this study was to evaluate change in food-group intake by participants after completing an intervention that included instruction about carbohydrate and the GI using a quasi-experimental design. Recruitment occurred from February to August 2005 and September to December 2006. Individuals 40 to 70 years old with type 2 diabetes for 1 year or longer were randomly assigned to an immediate (n=55) or delayed (n=48) treatment group. A 9-week group-based intervention regarding the quantity and type of carbohydrate for diabetes management was provided. Three sets of 24-hour dietary recalls were used to assess food-group intake. Foods were divided into nine main food groups and 166 subgroups based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 and the United States Department of Agriculture's Food Guide Pyramid. Analysis of variance was used to examine between-group differences and paired t test compared maintenance of change for the immediate group. Change in dietary GI was significantly different between groups upon completion of the intervention by the immediate group (P<0.05). Participants consumed significantly more servings of whole fruit and nonfat dairy products following the intervention and fewer servings of vegetable fats (all P<0.05). Only whole-fruit consumption significantly declined in the immediate group during the maintenance period (P<0.05). Nutrition education can facilitate adoption of a lower-GI diet among free-living people with diabetes. Maintaining dietary change likely requires further intervention and support. J Am Diet. Assoc. 2009;109:319-324.
The effect of microbiome-modulating probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics on glucose homeostasis in type 2 diabetes: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of clinical trials; Aim/hypothesis: The globally escalating diabetes epidemic is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Microbiome-modulating nutraceuticals have been investigated for their potential to restore metabolic and floral homeostasis in type 2 diabetic patients
Differences in the interpretation of a modernized Mediterranean diet prescribed in intervention studies for the management of type 2 diabetes: how closely does this align with a traditional Mediterranean diet?; Purpose and MethodsAdherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is associated with the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, in intervention studies, there is discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet. The purpose of this paper was to examine, synthesize, and develop a narrative review, exploring the qualitative differences in the interpretation of a modernized MedDiet prescribed as an intervention in clinical trials for the management of T2DM, and how closely this aligns with a traditional MedDiet. The traditional' MedDiet is often described as a dietary pattern high in unprocessed plant foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, wholegrain cereals, and olive oil); moderate consumption of wine; low moderate in fish/shellfish; and an infrequent consumption of red meat, animal fats, vegetable oils, and processed foods.Results and ConclusionsSynthesis of the reviewed literature demonstrates considerable variation in the qualitative interpretation of a MedDiet. We also identified inadequate reporting of MedDiet interventions, despite a number of studies referring to their intervention as a traditional' MedDiet. The majority of studies emphasized the same key dietary components and principles: an increased intake of vegetables, wholegrains, and the preferential consumption of white meat in substitute of red and processed meat and abundant use of olive oil. However, the reporting of specific dietary recommendations for fruit, legumes, nuts, bread, red wine, and fermentable dairy products were less consistent or not reported. Irrespective of the discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet, a number of studies included in the present review reported improved glycaemic control and favorable cardiovascular outcomes with adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet. Nevertheless, greater clarity and depth of reporting amongst intervention studies is warranted for the refinement of a modernized MedDiet definition that is distinct from a prudent dietary pattern.
Effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objectives: Previous studies have evaluated the effects of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles among diabetic patients. However, the results were inconsistent. Study design: Systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: A systematic searching from PubMed, ISI Web of Science, Embase, and Cochrane Central was conducted to identify high-quality clinical trials investigating the effect of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation on blood glucose profiles [including fasting blood glucose (FBG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)] up to December 2020. Subgroup analyses by types or durations of probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation were con-ducted to investigate the different effects among different populations. Results: A total of 39 trials with 3517 participants were included in the final analyses. Among patients with type II diabetes (T2DM), the summarized standardized mean differences (SMDs) and 95% confi-dential intervals (95% CIs) of FBG, HbA1c, and HOMA-IR were-0.30 (95% CI:-0.65 to 0.05),-0.59 (95% CI:-0.88 to-0.30), and-0.68 (95% CI:-1.13 to-0.23), respectively. Among patients with gestational diabetes (GDM), the summary SMDs of FBG, HbA1c and HOMA-IR were-0.67 (95% CI:-1.23 to-0.11),-0.24 (95% CI:-0.57 to 0.08), and-1.06 (95% CI:-1.72 to-0.40), respectively. Similar im-provements in blood glucose profiles were also found among persons with prediabetes or gestational woman with normal glucose, but not among patients with type I diabetes. Subgroup analyses showed similar results of probiotic supplementation for patients with T2DM and probiotic/synbiotic supple-mentation for patients with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotic/prebiotic/synbiotic supplementation might improve the blood glucose profiles among patients with T2DM/GDM, persons with prediabetes, or gestational woman with normal glucose. Trials with more sophisticated design are needed to validate the results in the future. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020161975. (c) 2022 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Royal Society for Public Health.
Is glycaemic control associated with dietary patterns independent of weight change in people newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes? Prospective analysis of the Early-ACTivity-In-Diabetes trial; Background: It is unclear whether diet affects glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes (T2D), over and above its effects on bodyweight. We aimed to assess whether changes in dietary patterns altered glycaemic control independently of effects on bodyweight in newly diagnosed T2D.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on major cardiovascular-related parameters in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus: a secondary-data analysis of a randomized double-blind controlled trial; Background Patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, probiotics are shown to positively impact CVD-related parameters. This randomized controlled trial sought to evaluate the effects of probiotic supplementation on fundamental CVD-related parameters including atherogenic index of plasma (AIPs), blood pressure, the Framingham risk score, and antioxidant markers in patients with T2DM. Methods Eligible participants were randomly assigned to receive 2 capsules/day of probiotics [each containing 500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 x 10(10) CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 x 10(9) CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 x 10(10) CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo for 6 weeks. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP, respectively), mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), atherogenic indices (the ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL-C/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C), the 10-year Framingham CVD risk score, as well as total anti-oxidant capacity (TAC), paraoxonase (PON) and total oxidant status (TOS) were evaluated before and after the study. Final analyses were adjusted based on baseline parameters, and potential covariates including age, sex, PUFA and sodium intakes. Results Sixty participants completed the study. Compared with placebo, probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in SBP[-9.24 mmHg(- 14.5, - 3.9)], DBP[- 3.71 mmHg(- 6.59, - 0.83)], MAP[- 5.55 mmHg(- 8.8, - 2.31)], the Framingham risk categories [medium-low(1.5) vs. 2 (medium)] and logTG/HDL-C ratio [- 0.08 (- 0.14, 0)] (All P < 0.05) at the end of the study. No significant changes were observed in the antioxidant markers. Conclusion Overall, probiotic supplementation for 6 weeks led to a significant improvement in major CVD-related parameters in populations with T2DM, suggesting the possible beneficial role of probiotics in lowering the risk of future CVDs associated with diabetes. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial registration: IRCT2013100714925N1 (registered on November, 9th, 2013).
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> Dad-13 on Metabolic Profiles and Gut Microbiota in Type 2 Diabetic Women: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial; Several pathways link type 2 diabetes (T2D) mellitus to the gut microbiome. By modifying the gut microbiota (GM), probiotics may be useful in the treatment of T2D. Lactobacillus plantarum Dad-13 is an indigenous Indonesian probiotic strain that has colonized the digestive tracts of healthy Indonesian adults. Furthermore, the GM of Indonesians is dominated by L. plantarum. The probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 is likely suitable for Indonesians. This study aimed to assess the effect of the probiotic L. plantarum Dad-13 on metabolic profiles and GM of women with T2D in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Twenty women from each group of forty T2D patients received either a probiotic or a placebo. The probiotic group consumed 1 g skim milk powder containing 10(10) CFU/g L. plantarum daily for 11 weeks. The placebo group received 1 g skim milk powder only daily for 11 weeks. At the start and end of the experiment, anthropometric measures, dietary intake surveys, blood samples, and fecal samples were obtained. The GM analysis of all samples was performed using polymerase chain reaction, and Illumina Novaseq was applied to the selected samples from each group at the beginning and end of the trial. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were analyzed with gas chromatography. The level of HbA1c in the probiotic group (n:10) significantly decreased from 9.34 +/- 2.79% to 8.32 +/- 2.04%. However, in comparison with the placebo (n:8), L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation did not significantly decrease the HbA1c level. No significant change was observed in the fasting blood sugar and total cholesterol levels in either group. The GM analysis showed that L. plantarum Dad-13 supplementation resulted in a considerable increase in the L. plantarum number. No significant changes were observed in the Bifidobacterium and Prevotella populations. In addition, no significant change was observed in the fecal pH and SCFA (e.g., acetic acid, propionate, butyrate, and total SCFA) after supplementation with L. plantarum Dad-13.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4 weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: A randomized crossover study; Background. Red and processed meat and refined grains are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Interventions are limited. We hypothesized that a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would decrease insulin sensitivity compared to a diet high in whole grains, nuts, dairy and legumes with no red meat (HWD).
The impact of ethnicity and intra-pancreatic fat on the postprandial metabolome response to whey protein in overweight Asian Chinese and European Caucasian women with prediabetes; The "Thin on the Outside Fat on the Inside" TOFI_Asia study found Asian Chinese to be more susceptible to Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) compared to European Caucasians matched for gender and body mass index (BMI). This was influenced by degree of visceral adipose deposition and ectopic fat accumulation in key organs, including liver and pancreas, leading to altered fasting plasma glucose, insulin resistance, and differences in plasma lipid and metabolite profiles. It remains unclear how intra-pancreatic fat deposition (IPFD) impacts TOFI phenotype-related T2D risk factors associated with Asian Chinese. Cow's milk whey protein isolate (WPI) is an insulin secretagogue which can suppress hyperglycemia in prediabetes. In this dietary intervention, we used untargeted metabolomics to characterize the postprandial WPI response in 24 overweight women with prediabetes. Participants were classified by ethnicity (Asian Chinese, n=12; European Caucasian, n=12) and IPFD (low IPFD < 4.66%, n=10; high IPFD >= 4.66%, n=10). Using a cross-over design participants were randomized to consume three WPI beverages on separate occasions; 0 g (water control), 12.5 g (low protein, LP) and 50 g (high protein, HP), consumed when fasted. An exclusion pipeline for isolating metabolites with temporal (T0-240mins) WPI responses was implemented, and a support vector machine-recursive feature elimination (SVM-RFE) algorithm was used to model relevant metabolites by ethnicity and IPFD classes. Metabolic network analysis identified glycine as a central hub in both ethnicity and IPFD WPI response networks. A depletion of glycine relative to WPI concentration was detected in Chinese and high IPFD participants independent of BMI. Urea cycle metabolites were highly represented among the ethnicity WPI metabolome model, implicating a dysregulation in ammonia and nitrogen metabolism among Chinese participants. Uric acid and purine synthesis pathways were enriched within the high IPFD cohort's WPI metabolome response, implicating adipogenesis and insulin resistance pathways. In conclusion, the discrimination of ethnicity from WPI metabolome profiles was a stronger prediction model than IPFD in overweight women with prediabetes. Each models' discriminatory metabolites enriched different metabolic pathways that help to further characterize prediabetes in Asian Chinese women and women with increased IPFD, independently.
Functional Foods for Type 2 Diabetes; A number of studies have suggested that functional foods such as tea, wheat, nuts, and sweet potatoes have beneficial effects on glycemic control; however, the effectiveness of consuming functional foods for the management of diabetes remains unclear. The aim of this review is to summarize the evidence for functional foods in diabetes maintenance. A PubMed and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews search utilizing the indexing terms. functional food. and. diabetes. was performed. A total of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) met the criteria. Resveratrol, wheat albumin, ginger, and wine grape pomace flour all improved glycemic control, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, and lipid profiles. On the other hand, citrus flavonoids-enriched product, arabinogalactan, low-fat milk, raw red onion, and functional yogurt appear to have no effects on diabetes. As for resveratrol, the results are controversial. Although the underlying mechanism is not clear, the differences in the characteristics of study participants may have an influence on the effectiveness of functional foods. However, the effects of functional foods on diabetes remain inconclusive due to the small number of subjects, short duration, and methodological heterogeneity among RCTs. In addition to the current evidence, further RCTs investigating the effects of functional foods on diabetic complications, mortality, and cost-effectiveness, as well as glycemic control, are required.
Whole Grain Products, Fish and Bilberries Alter Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in a Randomized, Controlled Trial: The Sysdimet Study; Background: Due to the growing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, new dietary solutions are needed to help improve glucose and lipid metabolism in persons at high risk of developing the disease. Herein we investigated the effects of low-insulin-response grain products, fatty fish, and berries on glucose metabolism and plasma lipidomic profiles in persons with impaired glucose metabolism.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients.
Effects of probiotics and synbiotic on lipid profiles in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes: A double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: The use of probiotics and/or prebiotics as an effective means of regulating gut microbiota may have a beneficial effect on metabolic disorders.
The interactive effect of improvement of vitamin D status and VDR <i>FokI</i> variants on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic subjects: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to evaluate the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on biomarkers of oxidative stress (OS) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) subjects and whether vitamin D receptor (VDR)-FokI polymorphisms could modulate the response to vitamin D3 intake.
Avoiding milk is associated with a reduced risk of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome: findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study; Objective To examine the association of milk consumption with insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (<i>Doogh</i>) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial; Background: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated.
Antidiabetic Treatment in Patients at High Risk for a Subsequent Keratinocyte Carcinoma; Background: Metformin and sulfonylureas are the most commonly prescribed drugs used for the treatment of type II diabetes. Type II diabetes has been linked to the development of keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), consisting of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Previously we have demonstrated lower risk for a subsequent KC in metformin users. In this study, we aim to investigate the association between sulfonylureas use and the development of KC in patients with KC history. We performed a retrospective cohort study of the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial, which was a randomized double-blind vehicle-control cream originally investigating the effect of 5-fluorouracil on KC development. 932 patients with a history of KC were enrolled (98% male, 99% white, median age of 70 years) and followed for a median duration of 2.8 years. 153 patients were on metformin and 94 on sulfonylureas. We performed a survival analysis with cox regression and controlled for body mass index and known predictors: number of prior BCCs and age (for BCC) and for number of prior SCCs (invasive and in situ), number of actinic keratoses at baseline (for SCC). Sulfonylurea-users com-pared to non-users had a HR of 0.67 (CI: 0.40-1.56; P=0.49) and 0.94 (CI: 0.63-1.40; P=0.77), for SCC and BCC, respectively. Diabetic patients at high risk for KC might benefit from the use of metformin versus sulfonylureas.
Fermented dairy foods rich in probiotics and cardiometabolic risk factors: a narrative review from prospective cohort studies; Probiotic foods, including fermented dairy (FD) products such as yogurt and cheese, naturally contain live microorganisms, but the relationship between the consumption of probiotic foods and health is unclear. The aim of the present narrative review is to integrate the available information on the relationship between the most studied FD products, which are yogurt and cheese, and cardiometabolic risk factors obtained from meta-analysis, systematic reviews of prospective cohort studies (PCSs) and PCSs published up to 2 November 2019. Additionally, the effects identified by randomized controlled trials of less-studied FD products, such as kefir and kimchi, on cardiometabolic risk factors are provided. PCSs have shown that the consumption of cheese, despite its high saturated fat content, is not associated with expected hypercholesterolemia and an increased cardiovascular risk. PCSs have revealed that the total consumption of FD appears to be associated with a lower risk of developing stroke and cardiovascular disease. The consumption of yogurt seems to be associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. There is a lack of sufficient evidence of a protective relationship between FD or cheese consumption and metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the association of FD, cheese and yogurt with hypertension needs further evidence. In conclusion, the intake of fermented foods containing probiotics, particularly yogurt and cheese (of an undetermined type), opens up new opportunities for the management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects (vol 11, 1700, 2019); Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Partial Meal Replacement Plan and Quality of the Diet at 1 Year: Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial; Background Little is known about diet quality with a reduced-energy, low-fat, partial meal replacement plan, especially in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) trial implemented a partial meal replacement plan in the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention.
Association of obesity and diabetes with thyroid nodules; There are conflicting data concerning the possibility that obesity and diabetes raise the risk of thyroid nodules. The incidence of thyroid nodules is increasing, as is that of obesity and diabetes; therefore, understanding whether these metabolic and nutritional disorders influence nodular thyroid disease is important for organizing prevention strategies. This study investigated the association between thyroid nodules, obesity, diabetes, and dietary habits.
Effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy postmenopausal women; Objective: After menopause, women experience changes in body composition, especially all increase in fat mass. In addition, advancing age, decreased physical activity, and increased inflammation may predispose them to develop type 2 diabetes. Isoflavones have been shown to improve metabolic parameters in postmenopausal women. However, the effect of isoflavones on adipokines/cytokines remains unclear. The Purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose isoflavones on inflammatory and metabolic markers in postmenopausal women.
Interactions of BDNF Val66met and dietary indices in relation to metabolic markers among patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study; BackgroundGene-diet interaction is related to the progression of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases biomarkers. We aimed to evaluate the interaction between diet quality indices and BDNF Val66Mat (rs6265) on cardiometabolic markers among diabetic patients.MethodsThis cross-sectional study was conducted on 634 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, which were randomly recruited from diabetic centers in Tehran. Dietary intakes were estimated by a previously validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire comprising 147 items. All participants were categorized into three categories, based on healthy eating index (HEI), diet quality index (DQI), and phytochemical index (PI) scores. Polymerase chain reaction was used for genotyping the BDNF Val66Met. Interactions were tested using analysis of covariance in adjusted and crude models.ResultsOur result showed that higher DQI, HEI, and PI scores significantly decrease body mass index and waist circumference among individuals with Met/Met, Val/Met, and Val/Val genotypes (P interactions < 0.05). Moreover, the highest quartile of the DQI and PI, compared to the lowest, showed lower TG level among Met allele carriers compared to Val/Val homozygotes (P interaction = 0.004 and 0.01, respectively) and a faster reduction in IL-18 and TC level was seen among Met/Met, Val/Met who had higher HEI intake than those with Val/Val genotype.ConclusionsBDNF Val66Met polymorphism may interact with HEI, DQI, and PI. We have revealed that Met allele acts as a protective allele for diabetic patients and may have a beneficial influence on cardio-metabolic factors through regulating dietary intake.
The role of dairy fat on cardiometabolic health: what is the current state of knowledge?; The purpose of this review is to examine the recent literature concerning the role of dairy fat intake on cardiometabolic health, focusing on prospective cohort studies that evaluated associations between dairy fat intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). In general, studies using self-reported dietary assessment methods found no association between self-reported high-fat or low-fat dairy intake and CVD, a neutral association between low-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D, and either a protective association or no association between high-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D. Inconsistent classification of dairy foods as low-or high-fat and variable adjustment for potential confounders may have contributed to the heterogeneity of results. In contrast, results from studies using pentadecanoic acid (15: 0), heptadecanoic acid (17: 0), or transpalmitoleic acid (t-16:1n-7) as biomarkers have provided consistent evidence that dairy fat intake was negatively associated with CVD and T2D risk. Taken together, results from prospective studies do not support the assumption that higher dairy fat intake is associated with increased risk of CVD, but they do support the hypothesis that dairy fat intake could be protective for T2D. Randomized controlled trials are needed to establish a cause-and-effect relationship between dairy fat intake and cardiometabolic disease risk.
A Pilot Study of the Effect of Evening Almond Butter Consumption on Overnight and Fasting Interstitial Glucose; Approximately 40% of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) experience an early-morning rise in fasting glucose that is not effectively treated by available oral hypoglycemic agents. This study aimed to determine the acute effect of consuming almond butter as an evening snack on fasting and overnight interstitial glucose, compared to a no-snack control, in people with T2D. Adults with T2D, not taking insulin, were recruited to participate in this two-week randomized, controlled, crossover pilot study. Participants received 2 tbsp of natural almond butter as an evening snack, or a no-snack control, for one week each. Glucose was measured by continuous glucose monitor (CGM). Analyses were performed using linear mixed effect modeling in R. Ten adults (60% female; age: 57 +/- 5.6 years) completed the study. The intervention did not significantly influence fasting glucose [4-6 a.m.; beta = 5.5, 95% CI = [-0.9, 12.0], p = 0.091; Marginal R2 = 0.001, Conditional R2 = 0.954] or overnight glucose (12-3 a.m.; beta = 5.5, 95% CI = [-0.8, 11.8], p = 0.089; Marginal R2 = 0.001, Conditional R2 = 0.958). Significant variability in continuously measured glucose was observed. These findings will inform the design of a larger investigation.
The Effect of Purslane Seeds on Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Controlled Cross-over Clinical Trial; Background: This study was designed to examine the effects of purslane seeds on biomarkers of oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients.
Differential Effects of Dietary Patterns on Advanced Glycation end Products: A Randomized Crossover Study; Dietary advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are believed to contribute to pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to determine if a diet high in red and processed meat and refined grains (HMD) would elevate plasma concentrations of protein-bound AGEs compared with an energy-matched diet high in whole grain, dairy, nuts and legumes (HWD). We conducted a randomized crossover trial with two 4-week weight-stable dietary interventions in 51 participants without type 2 diabetes (15 men and 36 women aged 35.1 +/- 15.6 y; body mass index (BMI), 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2)). Plasma concentrations of protein-bound N epsilon-(carboxymethyl) lysine (CML), N epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl) lysine (CEL) and N delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The HMD significantly increased plasma concentrations (nmol/mL) of CEL (1.367, 0.78 vs. 1.096, 0.65;p< 0.01;n= 48) compared with the HWD. No differences in CML and MG-H1 between HMD and HWD were observed. HMD increased plasma CEL concentrations compared with HWD in individuals without type 2 diabetes.
Effects of Full-Fat and Fermented Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Disease: Food Is More Than the Sum of Its Parts; Current dietary recommendations to limit consumption of saturated fat are largely based on early nutrition studies demonstrating a direct link between dietary saturated fat, elevated blood cholesterol levels, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. As full-fat dairy products are rich in saturated fat, these dietary guidelines recommend consumption of fat-free or low-fat dairy products in place of full-fat dairy. However, dairy products vary greatly in both their nutrient content and their bioactive ingredients, and research increasingly highlights the importance of focusing on whole foods (i.e., the food matrix) as opposed to single nutrients, such as saturated fat. In fact, the weight of evidence from recent large and well-controlled studies, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses of both observational studies and randomized controlled trials indicates that full-fat dairy products, particularly yogurt and cheese, do not exert the detrimental effects on insulin sensitivity, blood lipid profile, and blood pressure as previously predicted on the basis of their sodium and saturated fat contents; they do not increase cardiometabolic disease risk and may in fact protect against cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Although more research is warranted to adjust for possible confounding factors and to better understand the mechanisms of action of dairy products on health outcomes, it becomes increasingly clear that the recommendation to restrict dietary saturated fat to reduce risk of cardiometabolic disease is getting outdated. Therefore, the suggestion to restrict or eliminate full-fat dairy from the diet may not be the optimal strategy for reducing cardiometabolic disease risk and should be re-evaluated in light of recent evidence.
The effect of probiotic supplementation on glycemic control and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized placebo controlled trial; Aims: The role of gut microbiota in the pathogenesis of diabetes is increasing; this study investigates the effect of multi-strain probiotics on fasting plasma glucose (FPG), plasma insulin and lipid profile among patients.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study; Objective: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect of milk-derived peptides in non-diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on albumin to creatinine ratio, eGFR and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with microalbuminuria: study protocol for a randomised controlled clinical trial; Introduction To alleviate clinical symptoms of diabetic nephropathy (DN), several dietary and non-dietary strategies have been suggested. Probiotic-enriched foods, through their effects on modulating microflora, might help these patients control the adverse effects. The current study will be done to examine the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on albumin to creatinine ratio, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes with nephropathy.
Beneficial effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on some cardiovascular risk factors among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A grade-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Previous studies suggested that probiotics/synbiotics administration exerts some beneficial effects on cardiometabolic risk factors. However, the results from trials have been inconsistent. This study aimed to identify the impact of probiotic and synbiotic supplements on cardiovascular health factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and prediabetes We searched PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Scopus up to February 2022 to identify eligible RCTs. Estimating 95 % confidence (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumferences (WC), triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), the random-effects model was used. In the current meta-analysis, 54 RCTs were included. With the probiotic/synbiotics intervention, several parameters changed significantly, including weight (WMD: -0.38, 95 % CI: -0.63 to -0.12 Kg), TG (WMD:-19.08, 95 % CI: -27.65 to-10.51 mg/ dl), TC (WMD: -10.46, 95 % CI: -15.19 to-5.72 mg/dl), LDL-C (WMD: -4.87, 95 % CI: -7.65 to-2.09 mg/dl), HDL-C (WMD: -2.70, 95 % CI: 1.33-4.07 mg/dl), SBP (WMD: -3.81, 95 % CI: -6.24 to-1.38 mmHg), and DBP (WMD: -2.01, 95 % CI: -3.12 to-0.91 mmHg). In the subgroup analysis, probiotics/synbiotics supplementation resulted in a greater change in lipid profile components in T2DM patients. Weight and BMI reduced only after synbiotic supplementation. We found that the administration of probiotics and synbiotics had beneficial effects on lipid profiles, anthropometric indices, and blood pressure in individuals with T2DM.
Fermented Food and Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases: A Review; Fermented foods represent a significant fraction of human diets. Although their impact on health is positively perceived, an objective evaluation is still missing. We have, therefore, reviewed meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating the relationship between fermented foods and non-transmissible chronic diseases. Overall, after summarizing 25 prospective studies on dairy products, the association of fermented dairy with cancer was found to be neutral, whereas it was weakly beneficial, though inconsistent, for specific aspects of cardio-metabolic health, in particular stroke and cheese intake. The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect was for yoghurt on risk factors of type 2 diabetes. Although mechanisms explaining this association have not been validated, an increased bioavailability of insulinotropic amino acids and peptides as well as the bacterial biosynthesis of vitamins, in particular vitamin K2, might contribute to this beneficial effect. However, the heterogeneity in the design of the studies and the investigated foods impedes a definitive assessment of these associations. The literature on fermented plants is characterized by a wealth of in vitro data, whose positive results are not corroborated in humans due to the absence of RCTs. Finally, none of the RCTs were specifically designed to address the impact of food fermentation on health. This question should be addressed in future human studies.
Oxidative stress, type 2 diabetes and vitamin D: past, present and future; Oxidative stress refers to an imbalance between potentially harmful free radicals and the body's mechanisms to efficiently detoxify them in favor of the free radicals. Consequently, excess free radicals can attack and damage a wide range of biomolecules including proteins, lipids and nucleic acids. Antioxidant mechanisms of the body are under the influence of genetic and environmental (including dietary) factors. Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders around the world. A huge body of evidence indicates a role for oxidative stress in development of many human diseases including diabetes. In this article, the latest information on the possible links of oxidative stress with diabetes development, control and complications as well as the newest results of antioxidant supplementation trials is reviewed. In addition, the possible role of vitamin D, as a newly recognized antioxidant in diabetes is discussed. Finally, concluding remarks on pivotal issues and future studies are presented. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effect of Probiotics on Lipid Profile, Glycemic Control, Insulin Action, Oxidative Stress, and Inflammatory Markers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Clinical Trial; Background: The dramatic increase in the incidence of diabetes and its associated complications require a natural and safe solution to control and delay such complications. The present study tested the hypothesis that probiotics may affect biochemical indices of diabetic patients
Cutaneous anaesthesia of the lower leg can improve sensibility in the diabetic foot. A double-blind, randomized clinical trial; P>Aims
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria in postmenopausal women with diabetes mellitus; Introduction. An evaluation of efficacy of the management of urinary tract infections by using local forms of Estriol in postmenopausal women with type II diabetes and asymptomatic bacteriuria.
A Palaeolithic diet improves glucose tolerance more than a Mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischaemic heart disease; Aims/hypothesis Most studies of diet in glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes have focused on intakes of fat, carbohydrate, fibre, fruits and vegetables. Instead, we aimed to compare diets that were available during human evolution with more recently introduced ones.
Effects of preoperative feeding with a whey protein plus carbohydrate drink on the acute phase response and insulin resistance. A randomized trial; Background: Prolonged preoperative fasting increases insulin resistance and current evidence recommends carbohydrate (CHO) drinks 2 hours before surgery. Our hypothesis is that the addition of whey protein to a CHO-based drink not only reduces the inflammatory response but also diminish insulin resistance.
Kefir in the Prevention and Treatment of Obesity and Metabolic Disorders; Purpose of Review This review summarizes recent animal and human trials examining the potential for kefir to improve obesity, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Evidence for pathways affected and suggestions of possible mechanisms of action are also considered.
Effect of Cheese Intake on Cardiovascular Diseases and Cardiovascular Biomarkers; Background: A growing number of cohort studies revealed an inverse association between cheese intake and cardiovascular diseases, yet the causal relationship is unclear. Objective: To assess the causal relationship between cheese intake, and cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular biomarkers. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis based on publicly available genome-wide association studies was employed to infer the causal relationship. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inverse-variance-weighted method. Results: Cheese intake per standard deviation increase causally reduced the risks of type 2 diabetes (odds ratio (OR) = 0.46; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.34-0.63; p = 1.02 x 10(-6)), heart failure (OR = 0.62; 95% CI, 0.49-0.79; p = 0.0001), coronary heart disease (OR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.53-0.79; p = 2.01 x 10(-5)), hypertension (OR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.53-0.84; p = 0.001), and ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76; 95% CI, 0.63-0.91; p = 0.003). Suggestive evidence of an inverse association between cheese intake and peripheral artery disease was also observed. No associations were observed for atrial fibrillation, cardiac death, pulmonary embolism, or transient ischemic attack. The better prognosis associated with cheese intake may be explained by lower body mass index (BMI; effect estimate = -0.58; 95% CI, from -0.88 to -0.27; p = 0.0002), waist circumference (effect estimate = -0.49; 95% CI, from -0.76 to -0.23; p = 0.0003), triglycerides (effect estimate = -0.33; 95% CI, from -0.50 to -0.17; p = 4.91 x 10(-5)), and fasting glucose (effect estimate = -0.20; 95% CI, from -0.33 to -0.07; p = 0.0003). There was suggestive evidence of a positive association between cheese intake and high-density lipoprotein. No influences were observed for blood pressure or inflammation biomarkers. Conclusions: This two-sample MR analysis found causally inverse associations between cheese intake and type 2 diabetes, heart failure, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and ischemic stroke.
Differential Effects of Red Meat/Refined Grain Diet and Dairy/Chicken/Nuts/Whole Grain Diet on Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride in a Randomized Crossover Study; Epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in processed meat, with a high glycemic index is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes. It is not clear if this is due to altered insulin sensitivity or an enhanced postprandial glucose. We aimed to compare the acute metabolic response of two different types of meals after ingestion of the matching diet for four weeks. The study was a randomized, crossover acute meal study. Volunteers consumed either a red meat/refined grain meal or a dairy/chicken/nuts/wholegrain meal after four weeks of the matching diet. After a three-week washout period and four weeks of the alternate diet, they consumed the matching meal. The diets differed with respect to both protein and carbohydrate sources. Blood samples were taken for 180 min for the measurement of glucose, insulin, C-peptide and triglyceride. Fifty-one participants (age: 35.1 +/- 15.6 years; body mass index: 27.7 +/- 6.9 kg/m(2), 17 with normal and 34 with impaired glucose tolerance) completed two meal tests. The area under the curve (p < 0.001) and incremental area under the curve (p = 0.001) for insulin was significantly higher after the red meat/refined grain diet than after the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. There was an interaction between meal and glucose tolerance group (p < 0.05) in the area under the curve (AUC) and the incremental area under the curve (iAUC) of glucose; the red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose relative to the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet only in the normal group (+2.5 mmol/L/3 h). The red meat/refined grain diet increased glucose and insulin responses compared with the dairy/chicken/nuts/whole grain diet. This meal pattern would increase pancreatic stress long term and may account for the increased risk of type 2 diabetes with this diet.
Effect of whey protein on plasma amino acids in diabetic mice; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of whey protein on plasma amino acid levels in a mouse model of type II diabetes, using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The composition and content of amino acids in the whey proteins were analyzed using HPLC. Type I and type II diabetic mouse models were prepared using streptozotocin (STZ) and normal mice were used as a control. The ICR mice in each group were then randomly divided into four subgroups, to which 0, 10, 20 and 40% whey protein, respectively, was administered for four weeks. Changes in the plasma amino acid levels were observed in each group. The proportions of leucine, isoleucine and valine in the whey proteins were 14.40, 5.93 and 5.32% of the total amino acids, respectively, that is, the branched-chain amino acid content was 25.65%. The levels of branched-chain amino acids increased in the plasma of the normal and model mice following the administration of whey proteins by gavage and the amino acid levels increased as the concentration of the administered protein increased. In addition, the branched-chain amino acid levels in the blood of the model mice were higher than those in the normal mice. The levels of plasma amino acids in diabetic mice increased following gavage with whey protein, which is rich in branched-chain amino acids.
The Potential Role of Probiotics or/and Prebiotic on Serum Lipid Profile and Insulin Resistance in Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double Blind Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic disease linked to insulin resistance and fatty acid synthesis. Insulin resistance plays an important role in the pathogenesis of NAFLD causing multiple lipid metabolism disorders. Supplementing probiotics and prebiotics is a complementary therapy in obesity-related disorders, including dyslipidemia and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on serum lipid profile and insulin resistance in patients with NAFLD.
Meat and milk intake in the rice-based Korean diet: impact on cancer and metabolic syndrome; Over a few decades, Korean diet has changed from traditional diet, mainly composed of rice and vegetables, to Westernised diet rich, in meat and milk, along with the economic development and globalisation. Increasing prevalence of diet-related chronic diseases such as cancer and metabolic syndrome (MetS) is becoming a heavy burden to society and requires further attention. In this review, the association of meat and milk consumption with cancer and MetS among Koreans was discussed. Previous meta-analyses showed that meat intake was positively associated with increased risk of cancers, especially colon, as well as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, and that the intake of milk and dairy products was negatively associated with colorectal cancer, obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus, based on studies conducted mostly in Western countries. In Korea and other Asian countries, the association of meat and milk intake with cancers were inconclusive and varied by types of cancers. Conversely, milk intake was negatively associated with MetS risk as reported in Western countries. The difference in results between Korea and Western countries might come from the differences in dietary patterns and study designs. Most Koreans still maintain traditional dietary pattern, although rapid change towards Westernised diet is underway among the younger age group. Randomised clinical trials or prospective cohort studies with consideration of combined effects of various dietary factors in Korea and other Asian countries are needed to elucidate the impact of meat and milk or related dietary patterns in their diet.
Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>-Supplemented Yogurt Drink Improves Insulin Resistance and Lipid Profiles in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Double Blinded Clinical Trial; Background: Our study aimed to examine the effects of daily consumption of vitamin D-3-supplemented yogurt (VDY) drink on insulin resistance and lipid profiles in pregnant gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods: Participants aged 24-32 years in their second trimester were randomly assigned to consume either plain yogurt or VDY daily for 16 weeks. Metabolic and lipid profiles including levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum insulin, triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were assessed at baseline (week 0) and end of trial (week 16). Results: After 16 weeks of intervention, insulin-related variables including FPG and serum insulin levels were markedly lower in VDY group participants. Insulin resistance parameters, such as homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance and beta cell function, were also significantly reduced in VDY group participants. Moreover, levels of TAG, TC and LDL, as well as the TC to high-density lipoprotein ratio, had also significantly decreased in the VDY group. Conclusion: Daily consumption of VDY drink improves insulin resistance and lipid profiles in women with GDM. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Fermented Dairy Products, Probiotic Supplementation, and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Fermented dairy foods (FDFs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs), respectively. The relation between the regular consumption of FDFs and CMD risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (PCSs), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on CMD parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. Twenty PCSs and 52 RCTs met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. In PCSs, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [RR (95% CI); 0.96 (0.94, 0.98)]; yogurt intake was associated with a risk reduction of 27% [RR (95% CI); 0.73 (0.70, 0.76)] for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 20% [RR (95% CI); 0.80 (0.74, 0.87)] for metabolic syndrome development. In RCTs, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices produced a greater reduction in lipid biomarkers than when added into capsules/powder in hypercholesterolemic subjects, and probiotic supplementation by capsules/powder produced a greater reduction in T2D biomarkers than when added into dairy matrices in diabetic subjects. Both treatments (dairy matrix and capsules/powder) resulted in a significant reduction in anthropometric parameters in obese subjects. In summary, fermented milk consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, while yogurt intake is associated with a reduced risk of T2D and metabolic syndrome development in the general population. Furthermore, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices could be considered beneficial for lowering lipid concentrations and reducing anthropometric parameters. Additionally, probiotic capsule/powder supplementation could contribute to T2D management and reduce anthropometric parameters. However, these results should be interpreted with caution due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the different probiotic strains used in the studies.
Effect of Multispecies Probiotic Supplements on Metabolic Profiles, hs-CRP, and Oxidative Stress in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes (Publication with Expression of Concern. See JAN, 2023); Background: We are aware of no study that has indicated the effects of daily consumption of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Objective: This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and oxidative stress in diabetic patients. Methods: This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed on 54 diabetic patients aged 35-70 years. Subjects were randomly assigned to take either a multispecies probiotic supplement (n = 27) or placebo (n = 27) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement consisted of 7 viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), L. casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), L. rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), L. bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), B. Ion gum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after intervention to measure metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and biomarkers of oxidative stress including plasma total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione (GSH). Results: Between-group comparisons of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) revealed that consumption of probiotic supplements prevented a rise in FPG (+28.8 +/- 8.5 for placebo vs. +1.6 +/- 6 mg/di for probiotic group, p = 0.01). Although a significant within-group increase in serum insulin and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels was found in both the probiotic group and the placebo group, the changes were similar between the two groups. We observed a significant increase in HOMA-IR (homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance) in both the probiotic group (p = 0.02) and the placebo group (p = 0.001); however, the increase in the placebo group was significantly higher than that in the probiotic group (+2.38 vs. +0.78, p = 0.03). Mean changes in serum hs-CRP were significantly different between the two groups (-777.57 for the probiotic group vs. +878.72 ng/ml for the placebo group, p = 0.02). Probiotic supplementation led to a significant increase in plasma GSH levels compared to placebo (240.63 vs.-33.46 mu mol/l, p = 0.03). Conclusion: In conclusion, nnultispecies probiotic supplementation, compared with placebo, for 8 weeks in diabetic patients prevented a rise in FPG and resulted in a decrease in serum hs-CRP and an increase in plasma total GSH. Copyright (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
A randomised trial comparing low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate and protein ratio, combined with regular moderate intensity exercise, on glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors, food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in adults with type 2 diabetes: Study protocol; Background: Hypocaloric low-fat diets, high in protein with moderate carbohydrate (HP) can enhance weight loss, improve glycaemic control and improve cardiometabolic health risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, it is unclear whether the metabolic benefits observed during weight loss are sustained during energy-balance and weight maintenance. Furthermore, there is a lack of evidence regarding the effect of HP diets on food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in T2DM, despite carbohydrate food cravings, cognitive impairment and depression being associated with hyperglycaemia.
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; We investigated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low-Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross-over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49.5 (SD 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6.4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy-restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL-cholesterol, fasting HDL-cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL: TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL: LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat-free milk + 500 mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy-restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
Odd-chain fatty acids as a biomarker for dietary fiber intake: a novel pathway for endogenous production from propionate; Background: The risk of type 2 diabetes is inversely correlated with plasma concentrations of odd-chain fatty acids [OCFAs; pentadecanoic acid (15: 0) and heptadecanoic acid (17: 0)], which are considered as biomarkers for dairy fat intake in humans. However, rodent studies suggest that OCFAs are synthesized endogenously from gut-derived propionate. Propionate increases with dietary fiber consumption and has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity.
Substitution of animal-based with plant-based foods on cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; BackgroundThere is growing evidence that substituting animal-based with plant-based foods is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and all-cause mortality. Our aim was to summarize and evaluate the evidence for the substitution of any animal-based foods with plant-based foods on cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality in a systematic review and meta-analysis.MethodsWe systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science to March 2023 for prospective studies investigating the substitution of animal-based with plant-based foods on CVD, T2D, and all-cause mortality. We calculated summary hazard ratios (SHRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) using random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the certainty of evidence (CoE) using the GRADE approach.ResultsIn total, 37 publications based on 24 cohorts were included. There was moderate CoE for a lower risk of CVD when substituting processed meat with nuts [SHR (95% CI): 0.73 (0.59, 0.91), n = 8 cohorts], legumes [0.77 (0.68, 0.87), n = 8], and whole grains [0.64 (0.54, 0.75), n = 7], as well as eggs with nuts [0.83 (0.78, 0.89), n = 8] and butter with olive oil [0.96 (0.95, 0.98), n = 3]. Furthermore, we found moderate CoE for an inverse association with T2D incidence when substituting red meat with whole grains/cereals [0.90 (0.84, 0.96), n = 6] and red meat or processed meat with nuts [0.92 (0.90, 0.94), n = 6 or 0.78 (0.69, 0.88), n = 6], as well as for replacing poultry with whole grains [0.87 (0.83, 0.90), n = 2] and eggs with nuts or whole grains [0.82 (0.79, 0.86), n = 2 or 0.79 (0.76, 0.83), n = 2]. Moreover, replacing red meat for nuts [0.93 (0.91, 0.95), n = 9] and whole grains [0.96 (0.95, 0.98), n = 3], processed meat with nuts [0.79 (0.71, 0.88), n = 9] and legumes [0.91 (0.85, 0.98), n = 9], dairy with nuts [0.94 (0.91, 0.97), n = 3], and eggs with nuts [0.85 (0.82, 0.89), n = 8] and legumes [0.90 (0.89, 0.91), n = 7] was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality.ConclusionsOur findings indicate that a shift from animal-based (e.g., red and processed meat, eggs, dairy, poultry, butter) to plant-based (e.g., nuts, legumes, whole grains, olive oil) foods is beneficially associated with cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality.
Whey Versus Casein as a Protein Source during the Weaning Period: Impact on Growth and Later Adiposity and Glucose Homeostasis in a Rat Model of Intrauterine Growth Restriction; The impact of early life protein source (whey vs. casein) on short- and long-term glucose homeostasis and adiposity is unknown and was investigated in this study. At the end of the suckling period, non-IUGR (intrauterine growth restriction) and IUGR pups were separated from dams and were randomized into four groups. From age 21-49 days, non-IUGR and IUGR pups were fed ad-libitum chow or a semi-synthetic diet (20% from protein; casein or whey) and from age 50-199 days, all groups were fed ad-libitum chow. Food intake, body composition, glucose, and insulin homeostasis were assessed. Among the chow groups, IUGR had slower growth and higher fasting glucose at age 42 days, as well as higher fasting and AUC glucose at age 192 days relative to non-IUGR. The whey IUGR group had a slower growth rate and higher fasting glycemia in early life (age 21-49 days) and higher HOMA-IR later in life (age 120-122 and 190-192 days) relative to casein IUGR. This study shows the potential advantage of casein relative to whey during weaning on short term energy intake, growth, and glucose homeostasis in an IUGR model and reveals, for the first time, its long term impact on insulin sensitivity, which may have implications for later metabolic health, particularly in small-for-gestational-age populations at risk of type 2 diabetes.
The effect of cow milk powder on high density lipoprotein of white rat [Rattus norvegicus] strain Wistar model with diabetes mellitus type 2; The purpose of this study was to determine the cow 's milk powder to increased serum levels of High Density Lipoprotein (HDL) of white male rat model with diabetes mellitus type 2. The design of this study was a post-test control group study conducted in 30 male rats which randomly divided into five groups. Negative control group was the group of rats which fed normally, the positive control group was induced by streptozotocin (STZ) without given cow 's milk, group P1, P2, P3 were given a normal diet and cow 's milk 0.9; 1.8, and 2.7 g orally every day. The results of this study were the levels of HDL in K(-)=44.22 mg/dl, K(+)=47.45 mg/dl, P1=56.56 mg/dl, P2=51.82 mg/dl, and P3=59.45 mg/dl. The conclusion was the milk powder was not significantly increase levels of HDL (p>0.05). More longer intervention was suggested for further research to get more significant of HDL level on type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review; The effects of both the amount and quality of dietary fat have been studied intensively during the past decades. Previously, low-fat diets were recommended without much attention to the quality of fat, whereas there is general emphasis on the quality of fat in current guidelines. The objective of this systematic review (SR) was to assess the evidence of an effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on body weight (BW), risk factors, and risk of non-communicable diseases, that is, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and cancer in healthy subjects or subjects at risk for these diseases. This work was performed in the process of updating the fourth edition of the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations from 2004. The literature search was performed in October 2010 covering articles published since January 2000. A complementary search was done in February 2012 covering literature until December 2011. Two authors independently selected articles for inclusion from a total of about 16,000 abstracts according to predefined criteria. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) and prospective cohort studies (PCS) were included as well as nested case control studies. A few retrospective case control studies were also included when limited or no data were available from other study types. Altogether 607 articles were quality graded and the observed effects in these papers were summarized. Convincing evidence was found that partial replacement of saturated fat (SFA) with polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) or monounsaturated fat (MUFA) lowers fasting serum/plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. The evidence was probable for a decreasing effect of fish oil on concentration of serum/plasma total triglycerides as compared with MUFA. Beneficial effect of MUFA both on insulin sensitivity and fasting plasma/serum insulin concentration was considered as probable in comparisons of MUFA and carbohydrates versus SFA, whereas no effect was found on fasting glucose concentration in these comparisons. There was probable evidence for a moderate direct association between total fat intake and BW. Furthermore, there was convincing evidence that partial replacement of SFA with PUFA decreases the risk of CVD, especially in men. This finding was supported by an association with biomarkers of PUFA intake; the evidence of a beneficial effect of dietary total PUFA, n-6 PUFA, and linoleic acid (LA) on CVD mortality was limited suggestive. Evidence for a direct association between total fat intake and risk of T2DM was inconclusive, whereas there was limited-suggestive evidence from biomarker studies that LA is inversely associated with the risk of T2DM. However, there was limited-suggestive evidence in biomarker studies that odd-chain SFA found in milk fat and fish may be inversely related to T2DM, but these associations have not been supported by controlled studies. The evidence for an association between dietary n-3 PUFA and T2DM was inconclusive. Evidence for effects of fat on major types of cancer was inconclusive regarding both the amount and quality of dietary fat, except for prostate cancer where there was limited-suggestive evidence for an inverse association with intake of ALA and for ovarian cancer for which there was limited-suggestive evidence for a positive association with intake of SFA. This SR reviewed a large number of studies focusing on several different health outcomes. The time period covered by the search may not have allowed obtaining the full picture of the evidence in all areas covered by this SR.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects; Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA(1c) values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately $26 billion and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of $200 billion. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial: Baseline Evaluation of Selected Nutrients and Food Group Intake; Background Little has been reported regarding food and nutrient intake in individuals diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and most reports have been based on findings in select groups or individuals who self-reported having diabetes.
Associations of circulating 25(OH)D with cardiometabolic disorders underlying type 2 diabetes mellitus in an Aboriginal Canadian community; Aims: To investigate the associations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) with insulin resistance (IR), beta-cell function and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in a First Nations population.
Effects of milk protein concentrate supplementation on metabolic parameters, adipocytokines and body composition in obese women under weight-loss diet: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Obesity impairs metabolic function and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence suggests that high-protein diets help to increase weight loss and protect against weight gain. Milk protein concentrate (MPC) is a dairy product with a high protein content with a ratio of casein and whey protein similar to skim milk. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of MPC supplementation in obese women under a weight-loss diet. Methods and analysis We will conduct a 2-month open-label, parallel-group, randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of MPC supplementation on levels of glycaemic and lipid profile, leptin, adiponectin, appetite, waist circumference, body mass index and body composition in 44 premenopausal obese women on a weight-loss diet. Ethics and dissemination This protocol, approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Ahvaz University of Medical Sciences, is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki (approval number: IR.AJUMS.REC.1399.795). The trial results will be published in peer-reviewed journals.
Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B contributes to lower energy intake and body weight reduction, in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized clinical trial; Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of B-complex which play a central role in energy metabolism. This study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B, in comparison with conventional yoghurt, on body weight management and glycemic control of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Thirty-three overweight/obese patients (BMI 27-36 kg m(-2)) were randomized into two groups receiving two servings of non-fat yoghurt per day, either strawberry-flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 (VY) or conventional (CY) for 12 weeks. At the beginning and the end of the dietary intervention, anthropometric characteristics, biochemical parameters, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1b (IL-1b), vitamins B and homocysteine concentrations were determined. Dietary assessments were also performed. At the end of the intervention, body weight and BMI were reduced in the VY group (86.5 +/- 3.1 vs. 87.7 +/- 3.0 kg, and 29.2 +/- 1.0 vs. 29.6 +/- 0.9 kg m(-2), respectively, P < 0.05) and dietary intake was lower compared to the CY group (7277.6 +/- 332.6 vs. 9918.2 +/- 612.1 kJ day(-1), P < 0.05). HbA(1c) was marginally reduced in the VY group (6.2 +/- 0.2 vs. 6.4 +/- 0.3%, P = 0.08), concentrations of B1, B2 and B6 were increased (63.8 +/- 5.6 vs. 52.8 +/- 1.7 mu g L-1, P = 0.09, 9.2 +/- 1.5 vs. 6.9 +/- 1.4 mu g L-1, P < 0.05 and 23.0 +/- 2.8 vs. 14.9 +/- 1.2 mu g L-1, P < 0.05, respectively) and a trend towards reduced homocysteine concentrations was observed (16.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 18.3 +/- 2.0 mu mol L-1, P = 0.06). IL-6 was decreased in both groups but significantly in the CY group (1.33 +/- 0.13 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.63 pg mL(-1), P < 0.05). Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B facilitates body weight management and improves vitamins B status and homocysteine levels in overweight/obese T2DM patients.
Diet in Acne: Further Evidence for the Role of Nutrient Signalling in Acne Pathogenesis; Recent evidence underlines the role of Western diet in the pathogenesis of acne. Acne is absent in populations consuming Palaeolithic diets with low glycaemic load and no consumption of milk or dairy products. Two randomized controlled studies, one of which is presented in this issue of Acta Dermato-Venereologica, have provided evidence for the beneficial therapeutic effects of low glycaemic load diets in acne. Epidemiological evidence confirms that milk consumption has an acne-promoting or acne-aggravating effect. Recent progress in understanding the nutrient-sensitive kinase mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) allows a new view of nutrient signalling in acne by both high glycaemic load and increased insulin-, IGF-1-, and leucine signalling due to milk protein consumption. Acne should be regarded as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization, like obesity, type 2 diabetes and cancer induced by Western diet. Early dietary counselling of teenage acne patients is thus a great opportunity for dermatology, which will not only help to improve acne but may reduce the long-term adverse effects of Western diet on more serious mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization.
SOY MILK AND GINGER (<i>SULEHE</i>) INCREASE PPAR-γ EXPRESSION IN A RAT MODEL OF INSULIN RESISTANCE; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus type 2 is metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia due to a defect in insulin secretion resulting in insulin resistance. This disease leads to dysfunction of various organs including eyes, kidneys, and heart. One of the alternative diets which can be consumed is a mixture of soy milk and ginger (Indonesian: Susu kedelai dan jahe (Sulehe)). Sulehe contains isoflavones, PUFAs, and gingerols that are affected by insulin resistance.
Eating behavior modulates the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1 receptor agonist treatment: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial; Aims: We investigated if individuals with higher emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the effects of a GLP-1RA on central responses to food cues. Additionally, we investigated the associations of higher external and restraint eating scores with the sensitivity to the central effects of GLP-1RA. Methods: This secondary analysis of a randomized crossover study in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes, consisted of two periods of 12-week treatment with liraglutide or insulin glargine. Using functional MRI, we assessed the relation between baseline eating behavior and the effects of the GLP-1RA liraglutide compared with insulin after 10 days and 12 weeks of treatment on brain responses to food cues. Results: After 10 days, higher emotional eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the amygdala, insula and caudate nucleus. In addition, higher emotional eating scores tended to be associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA increases in brain responses to chocolate milk receipt in the caudate nucleus and insula. After 12 weeks, there were no significant associations between emotional eating scores and liraglutide-induced changes in brain responses to food cues. After 10 days, baseline external eating scores were associated with less pronounced GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain re-sponses to food pictures in the insula, amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex. After 12 weeks, baseline restraint eating scores were associated with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to food pictures in the insula and caudate nucleus, and with more GLP-1RA induced reductions in brain responses to the anticipation of chocolate milk in the caudate nucleus. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that individuals with higher baseline emotional eating scores are less sensitive to the central effect of GLP-1RA treatment. Additionally, external eating may also decrease, whereas restraint eating may increase the sensitivity to the treatment effects of GLP-1RAs. These insights may help to optimize treatment strategies for obesity and to select patient groups with better efficacy of GLP-1RA treatment.
Daily intake of vitamin D- or calcium-vitamin D-fortified Persian yogurt drink (<i>doogh</i>) attenuates diabetes-induced oxidative stress: evidence for antioxidative properties of vitamin D; BackgroundBoth poor vitamin D status and oxidative stress (OS) have been independently associated with late diabetic complications, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). The present study aimed to examine the effect of daily intake of vitamin D alone or in combination with calcium as a fortified Persian yogurt drink (doogh) on OS over 12weeks.
A Randomized Controlled Trial of a Herbal Compound for Improving Metabolic Parameters in Diabetic Patients with Uncontrolled Dyslipidemia; Objective: The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to investigate the effects of a polyherbal compound consisting of Aloe vera, black seed, fenugreek, garlic, milk thistle, and psyllium on diabetic patients with uncontrolled dyslipidemia.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammation, oxidative stress, and circulating adiponectin and leptin concentration in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Purpose Probiotics or synbiotics consumption have been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a decline in inflammation and oxidative stress, however, the results from studies are conflicting. This study filled this knowledge gap by evaluating randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating probiotics or synbiotics intake on adipokines, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods We systematically did search up to March 2022 in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library. A random-effect model was applied to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. Results A total of 32 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. This intervention led to a significant decrease in levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD - 0.62 mg/l; 95% CI - 0.80, - 0.44; p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (WMD - 0.27 pg/ml; 95% CI - 0.44, - 0.10; p = 0.002) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD - 0.51 mu mol/l; 95% CI - 0.73, - 0.30; p < 0.001), and also a significant increase in levels of glutathione (GSH) (WMD 69.80 mu mol/l; 95% CI 33.65, 105.95; p < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 73.59 mmol/l; 95% CI 33.24, 113.95; p < 0.001) and nitric oxide (NO) (WMD 7.49 mu mol/l; 95% CI 3.12, 11.86; p = 0.001), without significant alterations in interleukin-6 (IL-6) and adipokines levels. Conclusion A consumption of probiotics or synbiotics could be a useful intervention to improve cardiometabolic outcomes through a reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
The influence of calcium supplement on body composition, weight loss and insulin resistance in obese adults receiving low calorie diet; BACKGROUND: Obesity and diabetes are the most important problems of public health. Evidence from molecular animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicate that calcium intake may have an influence on body composition, weight and insulin resistance. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of calcium supplementation on body composition, weight, insulin resistance and blood pressure in the face of calorie restriction in obese adults.
Estimation and Prediction of Avoidable Health Care Costs of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Through Adequate Dairy Food Consumption: A Systematic Review and Micro Simulation Modeling Study; Background: Recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of CVD and T2D through adequate dairy foods consumption in Iran.
Administration of phytosterols isolated from Aloe vera gel reduce visceral fat mass and improve hyperglycemia in Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats; We examined the effects of lophenol (Lo) and cycloartanol (Cy), minor phytosterols of Aloe vera get, in obese animal model of type II diabetes, Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. Mate ZDF rats were administered Lo and Cy at 25 mu g/(kg day) daily for 44 days. Consecutive treatment of phytosterols suppressed the hyperglycemia, and random blood glucose Levels after 35 days of treatment were 39.6 and 37.2% tower than the control, in Lo and Cy treatment groups, respectively. Consistent with the random blood glucose Level, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values of phytosterols treated rats were also lower than the control (Lo: 5.5 +/- 0.8, Cy: 4.6 +/- 0.7 vs. control: 7.2 +/- 1.5). In the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) after 28 days of administration, the glucose intolerance was improved in phytosterols treatment groups. Additionally, the continuous administration of Lo and Cy also reduced the serum free fatty acid (FFA) and triglyceride (TG) levels except total cholesterol (T-Cho). Furthermore, the weights of total abdominal fat tissues were significantly lower than the control in ZDF rats with Lo (27.7%) and Cy (26.3%) treatment. These observations suggest that Aloe vera-derived phytosterols could reduce visceral. fat accumulation, and would be useful for the improvement of hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia. (C) 2008 Asian Oceanian Association for the Study of Obesity. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Yogurt and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Critical Review of Potential Mechanisms; Associations between yogurt intake and risk of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have been the subject of recent research in epidemiologic nutrition. A healthy dietary pattern has been identified as a pillar for the prevention of weight gain and CMDs. Epidemiologic studies suggest that yogurt consumption is linked to healthy dietary patterns, lifestyles, and reduced risk of CMDs, particularly type 2 diabetes. However, to our knowledge, few to no randomized controlled trials have investigated yogurt intake in relation to cardiometabolic clinical outcomes. Furthermore, there has been little attempt to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the potential beneficial effects of yogurt consumption on CMDs. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense dairy food and has been suggested to reduce weight gain and prevent CMDs by contributing to intakes of protein, calcium, bioactive lipids, and several other micronutrients. In addition, fermentation with bacterial strains generates bioactive peptides, resulting in a potentially greater beneficial effect of yogurt on metabolic health than nonfermented dairy products such as milk. To date, there is little concrete evidence that the mechanisms proposed in observational studies to explain positive results of yogurt on CMDs or parameters are valid. Many proposed mechanisms are based on assumptions that commercial yogurts contain strain-specific probiotics, that viable yogurt cultures are present in adequate quantities, and that yogurt provides a minimum threshold dose of nutrients or bioactive components capable of exerting a physiologic effect. Therefore, the primary objective of this review is to investigate the plausibility of potential mechanisms commonly cited in the literature in order to shed light on the inverse associations reported between yogurt intake and various cardiometabolic health parameters that are related to its nutrient profile, bacterial constituents, and food matrix. This article reviews current gaps and challenges in identifying such mechanisms and provides a perspective on the research agenda to validate the proposed role of yogurt in protecting against CMDs.
The Consumption of Milk and Dairy Foods and the Incidence of Vascular Disease and Diabetes: An Overview of the Evidence; The health effects of milk and dairy food consumption would best be determined in randomised controlled trials. No adequately powered trial has been reported and none is likely because of the numbers required. The best evidence comes, therefore, from prospective cohort studies with disease events and death as outcomes. Medline was searched for prospective studies of dairy food consumption and incident vascular disease and Type 2 diabetes, based on representative population samples. Reports in which evaluation was in incident disease or death were selected. Meta-analyses of the adjusted estimates of relative risk for disease outcomes in these reports were conducted. Relevant case-control retrospective studies were also identified and the results are summarised in this article. Meta-analyses suggest a reduction in risk in the subjects with the highest dairy consumption relative to those with the lowest intake: 0.87 (0.77, 0.98) for all-cause deaths, 0.92 (0.80, 0.99) for ischaemic heart disease, 0.79 (0.68, 0.91) for stroke and 0.85 (0.75, 0.96) for incident diabetes. The number of cohort studies which give evidence on individual dairy food items is very small, but, again, there is no convincing evidence of harm from consumption of the separate food items. In conclusion, there appears to be an enormous mis-match between the evidence from long-term prospective studies and perceptions of harm from the consumption of dairy food items.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study; Background: Given the highly debated role of dairy food consumption in modulating biomarkers of metabolic syndrome, this study was conducted to examine the influence of long-term (6 month) dairy consumption on metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers under free-living conditions without energy restriction.
Endogenous GLP1 and GLP1 analogue alter CNS responses to palatable food consumption; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) affects appetite, supposedly mediated via the central nervous system (CNS). In this study, we investigate whether modulation of CNS responses to palatable food consumption may be a mechanism by which GLP1 contributes to the central regulation of feeding. Using functional MRI, we determined the effects of endogenous GLP1 and treatment with the GLP1 analogue liraglutide on CNS activation to chocolate milk receipt. Study 1 included 20 healthy lean individuals and 20 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Scans were performed on two occasions: during infusion of the GLP1 receptor antagonist exendin 9-39 (blocking actions of endogenous GLP1) and during placebo infusion. Study 2 was a randomised, cross-over intervention study carried out in 20 T2DM patients, comparing treatment with liraglutide to insulin, after 10 days and 12 weeks. Compared with lean individuals, T2DM patients showed reduced activation to chocolate milk in right insula (P = 0.04). In lean individuals, blockade of endogenous GLP1 effects inhibited activation in bilateral insula (P <= 0.03). Treatment in T2DM with liraglutide, vs insulin, increased activation to chocolate milk in right insula and caudate nucleus after 10 days (P <= 0.03); however, these effects ceased to be significant after 12 weeks. Our findings in healthy lean individuals indicate that endogenous GLP1 is involved in the central regulation of feeding by affecting central responsiveness to palatable food consumption. In obese T2DM, treatment with liraglutide may improve the observed deficit in responsiveness to palatable food, which may contribute to the induction of weight loss observed during treatment. However, no long-term effects of liraglutide were observed.
The Effect of Dietary Glycemic Properties on Markers of Inflammation, Insulin Resistance, and Body Composition in Postmenopausal American Women: An Ancillary Study from a Multicenter Protein Supplementation Trial; Controversy exists as to whether high glycemic index/glycemic load (GI/GL) diets increase the risk of chronic inflammation, which has been postulated as a pathogenic intermediary between such diets and age-related alterations in body composition and insulin resistance. We conducted an ancillary study to a randomized, double-blind trial comparing the effects of a whey protein supplement (PRO, n = 38) and a maltodextrin supplement (CHO, n = 46) on bone density to evaluate the impact of a calibrated increase in GI/GL on inflammation, insulin resistance, and body composition in a healthy aging population. Markers of inflammation, HOMA, body composition, and GI/GL (estimated from 3-day food records) were assessed at baseline and 18 months. By 18 months, the GL in the CHO group increased by 34%, 88.4 +/- 5.2 -> 118.5 +/- 4.9 and did not change in the PRO group, 86.5 +/- 4.1 -> 82.0 +/- 3.6 (p < 0.0001). Despite this change there were no differences in serum CRP, IL-6, or HOMA at 18 months between the two groups, nor were there significant associations between GL and inflammatory markers. However, trunk lean mass (p = 0.0375) and total lean mass (p = 0.038) were higher in the PRO group compared to the CHO group at 18 months There were also significant associations for GL and change in total fat mass (r = 0.3, p = 0.01), change in BMI (r = 0.3, p = 0.005), and change in the lean-to-fat mass ratio (r = 0.3, p = 0.002). Our data suggest that as dietary GL increases within the moderate range, there is no detectable change in markers of inflammation or insulin resistance, despite which there is a negative effect on body composition.
Effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and non-caloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background/objectives Milk contributes with saturated fat, but randomized controlled trials (RCT) on the effects of dairy on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) where dairy is given as whole foods are scarce. The objective of our study was to investigate the long-term effects of semi-skimmed milk on insulin sensitivity and further to compare milk with sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD).
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults; Milk protein ingestion reduces post-meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co-ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants.
Postprandial Glycaemia, Insulinemia, and Lipidemia after 12 Weeks' Cheese Consumption: An Exploratory Randomized Controlled Human Sub-Study; Some populations are recommended to consume low-fat dairy, although the evidence behind replacing high-fat with low-fat dairy products is limited. This exploratory sub-study investigated the effect of cheese with different fat content on postprandial changes in type-2-diabetes risk markers. Following 12-week cheese or jam intake, a 4 h meal test was conducted with 37 participants. Test meals included bread and either: 80 g regular-fat cheese (REG), 80 g reduced-fat cheese (RED) or 25 g jam (CHO). Postprandial blood was drawn and appetite sensations registered. Time-meal interactions were not observed for glucose and insulin, but for triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA). Pairwise comparisons showed 0.17 +/- 0.07 mmol/L (p = 0.044) and 0.25 +/- 0.07 mmol/L (p = 0.002) higher TG at 180 and 240 min, respectively, and 94 +/- 37 mmol/L (p = 0.029) higher FFA at 180 min for REG compared with RED. Compared with CHO, intake of both cheese meals reduced insulin and glucose (main effects of meal, both p <= 0.011) and increased FFA and TG at certain time points. In conclusion, intake of cheese with a regular, compared with reduced, fat content did not affect glucose, insulin and appetite, but increased TG and FFA.
Resolution of diabetes, gastrointestinal symptoms, and self-reported dietary intake after gastric bypass versus sleeve gastrectomy: a randomized study; Background: There is a lack of randomized studies examining diabetes remission and dietary intake between patients undergoing Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) versus sleeve gastrectomy (SG). Objective: To examine longitudinal differences in diabetes resolution, dietary intake, and gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms in patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) randomized to either RYGB or SG and according to remission of T2D. Setting: Four hospitals in Sweden, 2 of which are university hospitals. Methods: Dietary intake and GI symptoms were calculated from questionnaires and morphometric differences between surgical methods and T2D remission were compared using the Student t test, effect size (ES) for parametric parameters, and Mann-Whitney U test for nonparametric parameters. Results: Five years after RYGB or SG there was no significant difference in the rate of remission of T2D between RYGB and SG (43% versus 20%, P = .176). RYGB (n = 19) patients had greater weight loss than SG patients (n = 14) (26.4 [9.5] versus 13.1 [9.6] kg, P < .001), despite reporting higher daily caloric intake (D 669 kcal, P = .059, ES .67) and food weight (D 1029 g/d, P = .003, ES 1.11). RYGB patients, compared with SG patients, also ate 1 more fruit per day (P = .023). Pooled data showed no differences between patients with and without T2D remission regarding weight loss, but those in remission drank more nonalcoholic drinks and milk. Conclusions: Five years postoperatively, patients randomized to RYGB reported considerably higher food intake compared with SG despite lower body weight. The reason and importance of the higher food intake after RYGB compared with SG needs to be further studied. (Surg Obes Relat Dis 2023;19:440-448.) (c) 2023 American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://
Consumption of dairy foods and diabetes incidence: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: A growing number of cohort studies suggest a potential role of dairy consumption in type 2 diabetes (T2D) prevention. The strength of this association and the amount of dairy needed is not clear.
Rationale, Design and Participants Baseline Characteristics of a Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial of the Effect of Replacing SSBs with NSBs versus Water on Glucose Tolerance, Gut Microbiome and Cardiometabolic Risk in Overweight or Obese Adult SSB Consumer: Strategies to Oppose SUGARS with Non-Nutritive Sweeteners or Water (STOP Sugars NOW) Trial and Ectopic Fat Sub-Study; Background: Health authorities are near universal in their recommendation to replace sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with water. Non-nutritive sweetened beverages (NSBs) are not as widely recommended as a replacement strategy due to a lack of established benefits and concerns they may induce glucose intolerance through changes in the gut microbiome. The STOP Sugars NOW trial aims to assess the effect of the substitution of NSBs (the "intended substitution") versus water (the "standard of care substitution") for SSBs on glucose tolerance and microbiota diversity. Design and Methods: The STOP Sugars NOW trial (NCT03543644) is a pragmatic, "head-to-head", open-label, crossover, randomized controlled trial conducted in an outpatient setting. Participants were overweight or obese adults with a high waist circumference who regularly consumed >= 1 SSBs daily. Each participant completed three 4-week treatment phases (usual SSBs, matched NSBs, or water) in random order, which were separated by >= 4-week washout. Blocked randomization was performed centrally by computer with allocation concealment. Outcome assessment was blinded; however, blinding of participants and trial personnel was not possible. The two primary outcomes are oral glucose tolerance (incremental area under the curve) and gut microbiota beta-diversity (weighted UniFrac distance). Secondary outcomes include related markers of adiposity and glucose and insulin regulation. Adherence was assessed by objective biomarkers of added sugars and non-nutritive sweeteners and self-report intake. A subset of participants was included in an Ectopic Fat sub-study in which the primary outcome is intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) by 1H-MRS. Analyses will be according to the intention to treat principle. Baseline results: Recruitment began on 1 June 2018, and the last participant completed the trial on 15 October 2020. We screened 1086 participants, of whom 80 were enrolled and randomized in the main trial and 32 of these were enrolled and randomized in the Ectopic Fat sub-study. The participants were predominantly middle-aged (mean age 41.8 +/- SD 13.0 y) and had obesity (BMI of 33.7 +/- 6.8 kg/m(2)) with a near equal ratio of female: male (51%:49%). The average baseline SSB intake was 1.9 servings/day. SSBs were replaced with matched NSB brands, sweetened with either a blend of aspartame and acesulfame-potassium (95%) or sucralose (5%). Conclusions: Baseline characteristics for both the main and Ectopic Fat sub-study meet our inclusion criteria and represent a group with overweight or obesity, with characteristics putting them at risk for type 2 diabetes. Findings will be published in peer-reviewed open-access medical journals and provide high-level evidence to inform clinical practice guidelines and public health policy for the use NSBs in sugars reduction strategies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT03543644.
Impact of a High Intake of Dairy Product on Insulin Sensitivity in Hyperinsulinemic Adults: A Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in cohort studies. However, results from clinical trials on T2D-related risk factors remain inconclusive.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Effects of vitamin D3 injection in close-up period on insulin resistance and energy balance in transition dairy cows; Background: Many studies in dairy cows are towards calcium homeostasis and there is a lack of knowledge about the effect of vitamin D in preventing insulin resistance and improving energy balance in the transition period of dairy cows.
Microbial Communities in Home-Made and Commercial <i>Kefir</i> and Their Hypoglycemic Properties; Kefir is a popular traditional fermented dairy product in many countries. It has a complex and symbiotic culture made up of species of the genera Leuconostoc, Lactococcus, and Acetobacter, as well as Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens and Lentilactobacillus kefiri. Though kefir has been commercialized in some countries, people are still traditionally preparing kefir at the household level. Kefir is known to have many nutritious values, where its consistent microbiota has been identified as the main valuable components of the product. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common diet-related disease and has been one of the main concerns in the world's growing population. Kefir has been shown to have promising activities in T2DM, mostly via hypoglycemic properties. This review aims to explain the microbial composition of commercial and home-made kefir and its possible effects on T2DM. Some studies on animal models and human clinical trials have been reviewed to validate the hypoglycemic properties of kefir. Based on animal and human studies, it has been shown that consumption of kefir reduces blood glucose, improves insulin signaling, controls oxidative stress, and decreases progression of diabetic nephropathy. Moreover, probiotic bacteria such as lactic-acid bacteria and Bifidobacterium spp. and their end-metabolites in turn directly or indirectly help in controlling many gut disorders, which are also the main biomarkers in the T2DM condition and its possible treatment.
Effect of whole milk compared with skimmed milk on fasting blood lipids in healthy adults: a 3-week randomized crossover study; Background/objectives Dietary guidelines have for decades recommended choosing low-fat dairy products due to the high content of saturated fat in dairy known to increase blood concentration of LDL cholesterol. However, meta-analyses including observational studies show no association between overall dairy intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and even point to an inverse association with type 2 diabetes. The objective was to compare the effects of whole milk (3.5% fat) with skimmed milk (0.1% fat) on fasting serum blood lipids, insulin, and plasma glucose in healthy subjects.
Dietary fructose during the suckling period increases body weight and fatty acid uptake into skeletal muscle in adult rats; Objective: The suckling period is one potentially "critical" period during which nutritional intake may permanently "program" metabolism to promote increased adult body weight and insulin resistance in later life. This study determined whether fructose introduced during the suckling period altered body weight and induced changes in fatty acid transport leading to insulin resistance in adulthood in rats.
Effect of Acute Consumption of Crackers Enriched with Grape Seed Flour or Barley Flour with Added β-Glucan on Biomarkers of Postprandial Glycemia, Lipidemia, and Oxidative Stress: A Crossover Study; Background: Grape seed polyphenol bioactivity is linked to reduced risk of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and coronary heart disease development. Furthermore, regular consumption of beta-glucan is associated with decreased lipidemic and glycemic profiles. The aim was to investigate the acute effect of crackers enriched with either 10% grape seed flour or 40% barley flour with added beta-glucan along with a high-fat and high-carbohydrate meal on biomarkers of postprandial glycemia, lipidemia, and oxidative stress. Methods: In a randomized, three-arm crossover design study, 12 healthy subjects were assigned to consume breakfast consisting of bread, butter, and 250 mL water along with crackers containing either (a) wheat flour, (b) 10% grape seed flour, or (c) 40% barley flour enriched with beta-glucan. Blood samples were drawn immediately before and 30, 90, and 180 min after the meal. Total antioxidant capacity was measured in plasma with the FRAP method. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and uric acid were measured in serum. Results: Tested markers did not differ between the intervention groups at baseline, 30, 90, and 180 min (p >= 0.05) post-prandially. Conclusions: Enriched cracker consumption did not significantly affect the selected markers at the postprandial state, although better serum glucose and lipid levels, similar to baseline values, were maintained.
Dairy consumption and insulin sensitivity: A systematic review of short- and long-term intervention studies; Aim: Evidence from epidemiological studies suggests that higher consumption of dairy products may be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and other components of the metabolic syndrome, although the evidence is mixed. Intervention studies that increase dairy intake often involve lifestyle changes, including weight loss, which alone will improve insulin sensitivity. The aim of this review was to examine weight stable intervention studies that assess the effect of an increased intake of dairy products or dairy derived supplements on glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity.
Perspective: Refined Grains and Health: Genuine Risk, or Guilt by Association?; Refined grain intake is widely assumed to be associated with adverse health outcomes, including increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and obesity. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended that to improve dietary quality, the US population should replace most refined grains with whole grains. This recommendation was based largely on results from studies that examined dietary patterns, not separate food groups. A Western dietary pattern typically includes red and processed meat, sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, French fries, and high-fat dairy products, as well as refined grains, and has been linked to increased risk of many chronic diseases. However, when evaluated as a distinct food category, 11 meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which included a total of 32 publications with data from 24 distinct cohorts, demonstrated that refined grain intake was not associated with all-cause mortality, T2D, CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, hypertension, or cancer. By contrast, consumption of red and processed meat was consistently associated with increased risk of these same health outcomes. Refined grain consumption up to 6-7 servings/d (1 serving=30 g) was not associated with higher risk of CHD, T2D, hypertension, or all-cause mortality. Moreover, total grain intake was not associated with risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, or cancer, but was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. Consequently, the recommendation to reduce refined grain intake based on results from studies linking a Western dietary pattern to numerous adverse health outcomes is contrary to a substantial body of published scientific evidence. Future research needs to better define refined grain intake to distinguish between staple grain foods and indulgent grain foods, and to better design randomized controlled trials to resolve discrepancies between results from observational studies and such trials with regard to determining the benefits of whole grains compared with refined grains.
DASH Diet, Insulin Resistance, and Serum hs-CRP in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; This study was designed to assess the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance and serum hsCRP in overweight and obese women with PCOS. This randomized controlled clinical trial was done on 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet consisted of 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % proteins, and 30 % total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Sodium content of the DASH diet was designed to be less than 2 400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % protein, and 30 % total fat. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention to measure -insulin resistance and serum hs-CRP levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the -control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (-1.88 vs. 2.89 mu IU/ml, p = 0.03), HOMA-IR score (-0.45 vs. 0.80; p = 0.01), and serum hs-CRP levels (-763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/ml, p = 0.009). Additionally, a significant reduction in waist (-5.2 vs. -2.1 cm; p = 0.003) and hip circumference (-5.9 vs. -1 cm; p < 0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in the improvement of insulin resistance, serum hsCRP levels, and abdominal fat accumulation.
Cheddar Cheese Ripening Affects Plasma Nonesterified Fatty Acid and Serum Insulin Concentrations in Growing Pigs; Background: Meta-analyses of observational studies found cheese consumption to be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. This may be attributed to the bioactive compounds produced during cheese ripening.
Dietary Consumption on Glycemic Control Among Prediabetes: A Review of the Literature; IntroductionPrediabetes is a condition that, if left unaddressed, can lead to various complications, such as neuropathy, retinopathy, and nephropathy. Among the critical factors contributing to the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, dietary choices stand out as particularly significant.ObjectiveConsequently, our objective is to examine the latest research findings concerning dietary consumption and its impact on glycemic control in individuals with prediabetes.MethodsA literature review of randomized controlled trials was performed using databases such as PubMed, Scopus, and ScienceDirect with searches conducted from January 2019 to 2023. The primary reviewer assessed the quality of the selected studies for bias risk using the Joanna Briggs Institute critical appraisal method for randomized controlled trials. Initially, 975 articles were identified through the search, but after applying the inclusion criteria, only 9 articles were ultimately selected.ResultsThe review found that a carrageenan-free diet, yogurt with Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712, Allium hookeri extract (AHE), and delta-tocotrienol improve HbA1C levels. However, salmon, zinc supplement, and balanced deep-sea water were not effective on HbA1C. In addition, studies on the effectiveness of vitamin D in controlling blood glucose levels are inconsistent.ConclusionNurses can enhance patient outcomes through collaborative efforts to create individualized dietary strategies. These strategies may encompass the adoption of a carrageenan-free diet, the inclusion of L plantarum OLL2712-enriched yogurt, the utilization of AHE, and the integration of delta-tocotrienol into the dietary plan. This approach is particularly applicable to ambulatory care nurses, health supervisors, and primary care providers.
Substitution of Dairy Products and Risk of Death and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; Substitution models in epidemiologic studies specifying both substitute and substituted food in relation to disease risk may be useful to inform dietary guidelines. A systematic review of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of all -cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes (T2D) associated with the substitution of dairy products with other foods and between different dairy products. We systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science until 28th June, 2023. We calculated summary relative risks (SRRs) and 95% con fi dence intervals (95% CI) in random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the risk of bias with the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies - of Exposure (ROBINS -E) tool and certainty of evidence (CoE) using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) approach. Fifteen studies (with 34 publications) were included. There was moderate CoE that the substitution of low-fat dairy with red meat was associated with a higher risk of mortality, coronary artery disease, and T2D [SRR (95% CI): 1.11 (1.06, 1.16), 1.13 (1.08, 1.18), and 1.20 (1.16, 1.25)]. A higher risk of mortality and T2D was also observed when substituting low-fat dairy with processed meat [SRR (95% CI): 1.19 (1.11, 1.28) and 1.41 (1.33, 1.49); moderate CoE]. A lower mortality risk was associated with the substitution of dairy and yogurt with whole grains [SRR (95% CI): 0.89 (0.84, 0.93) and 0.91 (0.85, 0.97)], and butter with olive oil [SRR (95% CI): 0.94 (0.92, 0.97); all moderate CoE]. Mainly no associations were observed when substituting dairy products against each other on disease and mortality risk. Our fi ndings indicate associations between substituting dairy with red or processed meat and higher disease risk, whereas its substitution with whole grains was associated with a lower risk. However, there is little robust evidence that substituting whole-fat with low-fat dairy is associated with disease risk. (CRD42022303198).
Low-fat dairy consumption improves intestinal immune function more than high-fat dairy in a diet-induced swine model of insulin resistance; Purpose To understand the effects of consuming high-fat and low-fat dairy products on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors and intestinal immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance. Methods LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental high fat diets and were fed for a total of 7 weeks: (1) Control high fat (LBW-CHF), (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of high-fat dairy (LBW-HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of low-fat dairy (LBW-LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). At 11 weeks of age, all piglets underwent an established modified oral glucose and fat tolerance test. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized and ex vivo cytokine production by cells isolated from mesenteric lymph node (MLN) stimulated with mitogens was assessed. Results Dairy consumption did not modulate postprandial plasma lipid, inflammatory markers and glucose concentrations. A lower production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after pokeweed mitogen (PWM) stimulation was observed in LBW-CHF vs NBW-Chow (P < 0.05), suggesting impaired MLN T cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effects, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after PWM stimulation (P < 0.05). Conclusions Irrespective of fat content, dairy had a neutral effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors. Low-fat dairy products improved intestinal T cell function to a greater extent than high-fat dairy in this swine model of obesity and insulin resistance.
The Effect of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Consumption on Human Blood Pressure: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objectives: Previous clinical studies have shown controversial results regarding the effect of Lactobacillus supplementation on blood pressure (BP). The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to examine the effect of Lactobacillus consumption on BP.
A Synergistic Formulation of Plant Extracts Decreases Postprandial Glucose and Insulin Peaks: Results from Two Randomized, Controlled, Cross-Over Studies Using Real-World Meals; This study investigated the efficacy of a plant-derived dietary supplement with respect to decreasing postprandial glucose and insulin peaks after the intake of real-world meals. Two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments were conducted on healthy subjects who received a supplement containing extracts of white mulberry, white bean, and green coffee or one containing the three extracts with added fibre before consuming high-GI/GL (glycaemic index/glycaemic load) meals. In study one, 32 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before a standardized meal at two visits. In study two, 150 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before five different standardized meals. Postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations were lower 20-35 min after meal intake among subjects taking the investigational product, and fewer episodes of postprandial reactive hypoglycaemia were noted. For example, after consuming breakfast cereal with milk, lower glucose peaks were observed for the investigational product (vs. placebo) after 20 min (100.2 +/- 1.97 vs. 112.5 +/- 3.12 mg/dL, respectively; p < 0.01); lower insulin peaks were noted at the same time point (45.9 +/- 4.02 IU/mL vs. 68.2 +/- 5.53 IU/mL, respectively, p < 0.01). The combined formulation decreases the adverse consequences of high-GI/GL meal consumption. It can be an effective dietary supplement for the management of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Effect of Combination Therapy (Thermal Therapy and Oxymel) on Insulin Resistance and Langerhans Islands in Diabetic Rats; Background: Although thermal therapy is recently suggested as a safe promising adjuvant therapy for insulin resistance and diabetes, its combination with oxymel has been claimed more effective by Traditional Persian Medicine (TPM).
Replacement of dietary saturated with unsaturated fatty acids is associated with beneficial effects on lipidome metabolites: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial; Background: The effects of replacing dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and/or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on the plasma lipidome in relation to the cardiometabolic disease (CMD) risk is poorly understood. Objectives: We aimed to assess the impact of substituting dietary SFAs with unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) on the plasma lipidome and examine the relationship between lipid metabolites modulated by diet and CMD risk. Methods: Plasma fatty acid (FA) concentrations among 16 lipid classes (within-class FAs) were measured in a subgroup from the Dietary Intervention and VAScular function (DIVAS) parallel randomized controlled trial (n = 113/195), which consisted of three 16-wk diets enriched in SFAs (target SFA:MUFA:n-6PUFA ratio = 17:11:4% total energy [TE]), MUFAs (9:19:4% TE), or a MUFA/PUFA mixture (9:13:10% TE). Similar lipidomics an-alyses were conducted in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study (specific case/cohorts: n = 775/1886 for type 2 diabetes [T2D], n = 551/1671 for cardiovascular disease [CVD]). Multiple linear regression and multivariable Cox models identified within-class FAs sensitive to replacement of dietary SFA with UFA in DIVAS and their association with CMD risk in EPIC-Potsdam. Elastic-net regression models identified within-class FAs associated with changes in CMD risk markers post-DIVAS interventions. Results: DIVAS high-UFA interventions reduced plasma within-class FAs associated with a higher CVD risk in EPIC-Potsdam, especially SFA-containing glycerolipids and sphingolipids (e.g., diacylglycerol (20:0) z-score = -1.08; SE = 0.17; P value < 10-8), whereas they increased those inversely associated with CVD risk. The results on T2D were less clear. Specific sphingolipids and phospholipids were associated with changes in markers of endothelial function and ambulatory blood pressure, whereas higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were characterized by higher plasma glycerolipids containing lauric and stearic acids. Conclusions: These results suggest a mediating role of plasma lipid metabolites in the association between dietary fat and CMD risk. Future research combining interventional and observational findings will further our understanding of the role of dietary fat in CMD etiology. This trial was registered in ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01478958.
A Vegan Diet Is Associated with a Significant Reduction in Dietary Acid Load: Post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial in Healthy Individuals; The composition of diet strongly affects acid-base homeostasis. Western diets abundant in acidogenic foods (meat and cheese) and deficient in alkalizing foods (fruits and vegetables) increase dietary acid load (DAL). A high DAL has been associated with numerous health repercussions, including cardiovascular disease and type-2-diabetes. Plant-based diets have been associated with a lower DAL; however, the number of trials exploring this association is limited. This randomized-controlled trial sought to examine whether an isocaloric vegan diet lowers DAL as compared to a meat-rich diet. Forty-five omnivorous individuals were randomly assigned to a vegan diet (n = 23) or a meat-rich diet (n = 22) for 4 weeks. DAL was determined using potential renal acid load (PRAL) and net endogenous acid production (NEAP) scores at baseline and after 3 and 4 weeks, respectively. After 3 weeks, median PRAL (-23.57 (23.87)) and mean NEAP(R) (12.85 +/- 19.71) scores were significantly lower in the vegan group than in the meat-rich group (PRAL: 18.78 (21.04) and NEAP(R): 60.93 +/- 15.51, respectively). Effects were mediated by a lower phosphorus and protein intake in the vegan group. Our study suggests that a vegan diet is a potential means to reduce DAL, whereas a meat-rich diet substantially increases the DAL burden.
GLUCOSE AND INSULIN RESPONSES TO MEALS CONTAINING MILK, LACTOSE, GLUCOSE OR FRUCTOSE IN SUBJECTS WITH NON-INSULIN-DEPENDENT DIABETES; The postprandial blood glucose and serum insulin responses to liquid test meals containing 40 g carbohydrate from milk, lactose, glucose or fructose and equal amounts of energy were compared in 10 non-insulin-dependent (type 2) diabetic patients. The meals were consumed in random order on consecutive days after an overnight fast. Significant differences (p < 0.001, ANOVA) were observed between the glucose and insulin responses to the meals. The glucose response was significantly higher after  the glucose response was significanlty higher after the glucose containing meal and lower after the fructose meal as compared with the other meals. The insulin response was significantly higher after the lactose and glucose meals than after the milk and fructose meals. After the milk and lactose meals the blood gluose responses were similar whereas the insulin response was significantly lower after the milk meal. As lactose apparently was similarly absorbed from the two meals the difference in the insulin response was probably due to different insulinogenic effects of the protein components or to differences in the physical properties of the respective meals.
Dairy foods and cardiometabolic diseases: an update and a reassessment of the impact of SFA; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD are major causes of mortality and chronic morbidity. Whilst mortality from CVD has decreased they remain the largest cause of death in Europe and the prevalence of T2D is increasing rapidly. A consistent component of public health advice is to reduce intake of SFA to reduce CVD in particular, which implies limiting dairy food consumption. The prospective studies and randomised controlled trials included in this review show that for dairy foods at least, SFA are not consistently associated with CVD or T2D risk. For CVD the association with dairy foods is generally neutral despite dairy foods being the major source of SFA in many diets. This creates considerable doubt, at least for dairy foods, concerning the validity of the traditional diet-heart hypothesis which positively relates SFA intake to increased serum LDL-cholesterol and subsequent increased CVD. There is now emerging evidence to explain this which is highly relevant to dairy foods. These include the potentially counterbalancing effect of SFA-stimulated HDL-cholesterol and specific food matrix factors. In addition, SFA are associated with the less atherogenic large buoyant LDL particles and possible counterbalancing hypotensive effects of dairy proteins. Overall, dairy foods have either a neutral or beneficial association with CVD and T2D. Beneficial associations are seen for blood pressure and the reduced T2D risk linked to yoghurt consumption, a subject that needs urgent attention given the sharp rise in T2D prevalence in many countries.
Impact of protein-rich meals on glycaemic response of rice; Asians typically consume carbohydrate-rich and high-glycaemic-index diets that have been associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Rice is rarely eaten alone such that it is of interest to investigate the effects of co-ingesting different protein-rich meals with rice on insulin and glycaemic response. This study had a randomised, controlled, non-blind, cross-over design in which fifteen healthy Chinese male participants were required to come on non-consecutive days. Five rice-based test meals were served: rice alone (control), rice with fish (RWF), rice with egg white (RWE), rice with soya beancurd (taukwa) (RWT) and rice with chicken (RWC). The control meal consisted of 50 g of available carbohydrate, whereas all other test meals contained additional 25 g of protein. RWT was the only meal that showed significantly lower glucose response when compared with the control (P<005). RWF and RWE had significantly higher insulin response, but no significant increase was observed in RWT and RWC when compared with the control (P<005). RWT and RWF showed significantly higher glucagon secretion as compared with the control (P<005). The four test meals studied showed varying effects, with RWT showing the greatest reduction in glycaemic response. Therefore, the ingestion of soya beancurd with rice may have a direct impact on reducing the risk in Asians transiting from being pre-diabetics to diabetics.
<i>Plectranthus amboinicus</i> and <i>Centella asiatica</i> Cream for the Treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers; Effects of a topical cream containing P. amboinicus (Lour.) Spreng. (Lamiaceae) and C. asiatica (L.) Urban (Umbelliferae) were evaluated and compared to effects of hydrocolloid fiber wound dressing for diabetic foot ulcers. A single-center, randomized, controlled, open-label study was conducted. Twenty-four type 1 or type 2 diabetes patients aged 20 years or older with Wagner grade 3 foot ulcers postsurgical debridement were enrolled between October 2008 and December 2009. Twelve randomly assigned patients were treated with WH-1 cream containing P. amboinicus and C. asiatica twice daily for two weeks. Another 12 patients were treated with hydrocolloid fiber dressings changed at 7 days or when clinically indicated. Wound condition and safety were assessed at days 7 and 14 and results were compared between groups. No statistically significant differences were seen in percent changes in wound size at 7- and 14-day assessments of WH-1 cream and hydrocolloid dressing groups. A slightly higher proportion of patients in the WH-1 cream group (10 of 12; 90.9%) showed Wagner grade improvement compared to the hydrocolloid fiber dressing group but without statistical significance. For treating diabetic foot ulcers, P. amboinicus and C. asiatica cream is a safe alternative to hydrocolloid fiber dressing without significant difference in effectiveness.
Combining streptozotocin and unilateral nephrectomy is an effective method for inducing experimental diabetic nephropathy in the 'resistant' C57Bl/6J mouse strain; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is the leading cause of chronic kidney disease. Animal models are essential tools for designing new strategies to prevent DN. C57Bl/6 (B6) mice are widely used for transgenic mouse models, but are relatively resistant to DN. This study aims to identify the most effective method to induce DN in a type 1 (T1D) and a type 2 diabetes (T2D) model in B6 mice. For T1D-induced DN, mice were fed a control diet, and randomised to streptozotocin (STZ) alone, STZ + unilateral nephrectomy (UNx), or vehicle/sham. For T2D-induced DN, mice were fed a western (high fat) diet, and randomised to either STZ alone, STZ + UNx, UNx alone, or vehicle/sham. Mice subjected to a control diet with STZ + UNx developed albuminuria, glomerular lesions, thickening of the glomerular basement membrane, and tubular injury. Mice on control diet and STZ developed only mild renal lesions. Furthermore, kidneys from mice on a western diet were hardly affected by diabetes, UNx or the combination. We conclude that STZ combined with UNx is the most effective model to induce T1D-induced DN in B6 mice. In our hands, combining western diet and STZ treatment with or without UNx did not result in a T2D-induced DN model in B6 mice.
Effect of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes; Emerging evidence suggests that diabetes is associated with altering serum minerals, elevated liver enzymatic activity and blood pressures. This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in diabetic patients. This randomized double-blinded controlled clinical trial was performed among 58 diabetic patients aged 35-70 y. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either multispecies probiotic supplements (N = 28) or the placebo group (N = 30) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement was consisted of seven viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), Bifidobacterium longum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU) and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide with lactose as carrier substances. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8-week intervention to measure serum minerals, liver enzymes and total bilirubin. Consumption of the probiotic supplements, compared to the placebo, resulted in an increased serum calcium concentrations (0.21 vs. -0.83 mg/dL, P = 0.009) and a decreased serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels (-2.46 vs. 4.62 mg/dL, P = 0.02). We did not find a significant difference in terms of effect on serum magnesium, zinc, iron, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels and blood pressures comparing the two groups. In conclusion, multispecies probiotic supplementation among diabetic patients had beneficial effects on serum calcium and ALT concentrations.
Changes in food habits and motivation for healthy eating among Pakistani women living in Norway: results from the InnvaDiab-DEPLAN study; Objective: Pakistani women in Oslo have high risk of overweight and type 2 diabetes. The objective is to present the effect of an intervention study on Pakistani women's intentions to change dietary behaviour and changes made in dietary intake.
Novel aspects of postprandial lipemia in relation to atherosclerosis; Postprandial hyperlipidemia is considered to be a substantial risk factor for atherosclerosis. Interestingly, this concept has never been supported by randomized clinical trials. The difficulty lies in the fact that most interventions aimed to reduce postprandial lipemia, will also affect LDL-C levels. The artherogenic mechanisms of postprandial lipids and lipoproteins can be divided into direct lipoprotein-mediated and indirect effects: the later, in part, by inducing an inflammatory state. Elevations in postprandial triglycerides (TG) have been related to the increased expression of postprandial leukocyte activation markers, up-regulation of pro-inflammatory response, which is one of the recently identified potential pro-atherogenic mechanisms of postprandial lipemia. Especially, complement component 3 levels show a close correlation with postprandial lipemia and are also important determinants of the metabolic syndrome. In clinical practice fasting TG are frequently used as reflections of postprandial lipemia due to the close correlation between the tow. The use serial capillary measurements in an out-of-hospital situation is an alternative for oral fat loading tests. Daylong TG profiles reflect postprandial lipemia and are increased in conditions like the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Studies are needed to elucidate the role of postprandial inflammation in antherogenesis and to find new methods in order to reduce selectively the postprandial inflammatory response. Future studies are needed to (C) 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cow's Milk and Dairy Consumption: Is There Now Consensus for Cardiometabolic Health?; Cow's milk and dairy products derived from this complex food source have long been proposed as beneficial to human health, yet underlying clinical evidence of direct benefit continues to raise controversy. Limited evidence supports positive cardiometabolic effects of a number of dairy macro- and micronutrient components including whey protein and casein, unsaturated fats, milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) and polar phospholipids, vitamin D and calcium, in addition to non-bovine components including bacterial and yeast probiotics. More controversial remain lipid components trans fats, including trans vaccenic acid, trans palmitoleic acid, and conjugated cis trans linoleic acid (CLA), plus medium-chain and odd-chain dairy fats. New evidence is rapidly identifying multiple pathways by which these dairy nutrients may effect health. Processing, including fermentation and homogenization, may also have positive effects. Conversely, the high saturated fat content of dairy has long raised concern, aligned with international guidelines to minimize dietary intake of animal-origin saturated fatty acids (SFA) to achieve better cardiometabolic health. However, led in part by observational studies and meta-analyses showing dairy to have no or even an inverse association with cardiometabolic health, evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) has been scrutinized over the last 5 years, and focus on low-fat dairy has been challenged. Recent evidence supports the hypothesis that adverse effects of SFAs on metabolic health may be ameliorated when these fats are consumed within a complex matrix such as milk, cheese or yogurt, and that dairy food categories may influence outcomes as much as total fat content. For example, yogurt and high-fat, high-SFA cheese have a negative association with risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in many, not all, published trials. However, large sample dairy RCTs of long duration with CVD or T2D incidence as primary endpoints are lacking. This is a clear research gap, with these clinical studies required if a causative link between dairy and improved cardiometabolic health is to be confirmed and in turn promoted through dietary guidelines. Current advisories from national guidance groups such as American Heart Association (AHA) and European Society of Cardiology (ESC) continue to promote consumption of low-fat dairy products, whilst liquid milk and yogurt remain part of nutrition guidelines from joint American Diabetes Association (ADA)/European Association for Study of Diabetes (EASD) reports, and as part of a "no-one-size-fits-all" answer to diet and T2D by the ADA in their most recent 2019 Consensus Report.
A pilot study to determine the short-term effects of milk with differing glycaemic properties on sleep among toddlers: a randomised controlled trial; Background: Sleep is important for children as it directly impacts their mental and physical development. Sleep is not only influenced by the timing but also the macronutrient (carbohydrate and protein) content of meals. Glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) describe the quality of carbohydrates in a food and the burden of these foods on the body's blood glucose response. Diets with a high GI/GL may increase the risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The present study is piloted to evaluate the short-term impact of milk products with differing glycaemic properties on the sleep patterns of toddlers.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
SUCROSE TAKEN DURING MIXED MEAL HAS NO ADDITIONAL HYPERGLYCEMIC ACTION OVER ISOCALORIC AMOUNTS OF STARCH IN WELL-CONTROLLED DIABETICS; The hyperglycemic effect of 20 g sucrose taken at the end of a regular mixed meal by diabetic patients was measured in 6 adult-type 1 diabetics, C-peptide negative, controlled by the artifical pancreas and 12 adult type 2 diabetics, with fasting plasma glucose levels < 7 .cntdot. 2 mmol/l (130 mg/100 ml) and post-prandial plasma glucose levels < 10 .cntdot. 0 mmol/l (180 mg/100 ml), treated by diet alone or with glibenclamide and/or metformin. All the patients were given on consecutive days, in random  order, 2 mixed meals of grilled meat, green beans and cheese, as well as a cake made either of rice, skimmed milk and saccharin (meal A) or rice, skimmed milk and 20 g sucrose (meal B). The meals contained equal amounts of calories and of carbohydrate. There was no difference between the meals in plasma glucose curves and plasma insulin or insulin infusion rate variations whether in peak values, peaking times, or areas under the curves, in either group of patients. Sparing use of sucrose taken  during mixed meals might help well-controlled diabetic patients to comply with their daily dietary prescription while maintaining good blood glucose control.
Dairy Intake Modifies the Level of the Bile Acid Precursor and Its Correlation with Serum Proteins Associated with Cholesterol Clearance in Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia; Bile acids regulate glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Further, the levels of bile acids can be influenced by the intake of dairy products. Although the serum proteome can provide information on the biological pathways associated with different metabolites, it is unknown whether the intake of dairy modifies such associations between bile acids and the proteome. The objectives of this study were to examine plasma bile acid profiles, find the correlations between bile acids and lipid as well as glycemic markers, and to uncover the correlation between bile acids and proteins after high dairy (HD) and adequate dairy (AD) intake among 25 overweight individuals with hyperinsulinemia. In this randomized crossover-trial study, hyperinsulinemia adults were randomized to both HD (>= 4 servings/day) and AD (<= 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks. Measurements and analyses were performed on before- as well as after- AD and HD conditions. The results indicated that plasma 7 alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (7AC4) increased after HD in comparison with before HD intake (p = 0.03). After adjusting for BMI, age, and sex, 7AC4 positively correlated with triglyceride levels in the pre-AD (r = 0.44; p = 0.03) and post-HD (r = 0.42; p = 0.04). Further, 7AC4 correlated positively with proteins associated with high-density lipoprotein particle remodeling pathway and reverse cholesterol transport only after HD consumption. Thus, the consumption of higher dairy intake modifies the association between 7AC4-a biomarker for bile acid synthesis-and serum proteins involved in cholesterol clearance. Overall, higher dairy consumption may have a positive effect on cholesterol metabolism in subjects at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> GG improves insulin sensitivity and offspring survival via modulation of gut microbiota and serum metabolite in a sow model; Background Sows commonly experience insulin resistance in late gestation and lactation, causing lower feed intake and milk production, which can lead to higher mortality rates in newborn piglets. The probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) is known to improve insulin resistance. However, whether supplementing LGG can improve insulin sensitivity in sows and enhance lactation performance, particularly the early survival of offspring remains unclear. Hence, we explored the effects and mechanisms of supplementing LGG during late gestation and lactation on sow insulin sensitivity, lactation performance, and offspring survival. In total, 20 sows were randomly allocated to an LGG (n = 10) and control group (n = 10). Results In sows, LGG supplementation significantly improved insulin sensitivity during late gestation and lactation, increased feed intake, milk production and colostrum lactose levels in early lactation, and enhanced newborn piglet survival. Moreover, LGG treatment significantly reshaped the gut microbiota in sows, notably increasing microbiota diversity and enriching the relative abundance of insulin sensitivity-associated probiotics such as Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Bacteroides. Serum metabolite and amino acid profiling in late-gestation sows also revealed decreased branched-chain amino acid and kynurenine serum levels following LGG supplementation. Further analyses highlighted a correlation between mitigated insulin resistance in late pregnancy and lactation by LGG and gut microbiota reshaping and changes in serum amino acid metabolism. Furthermore, maternal LGG enhanced immunity in newborn piglets, reduced inflammation, and facilitated the establishment of a gut microbiota. Conclusions We provide the first evidence that LGG mitigates insulin resistance in sows and enhances offspring survival by modulating the gut microbiota and amino acid metabolism.
Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the sub-stitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable dis-eases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic re-views of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA im-proves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
Fish oil and olive oil can modify insulin resistance and plasma desacyl-ghrelin in rats; BACKGROUND: Evidence exists for reciprocal effects of insulin and desacyl-ghrelin (DAG) concentration, but the association between different fatty acid saturation in high fat diet (HFD) and these hormones remain to be established. To evaluate the impact of different sources of dietary fat and the level of fatty acid saturation on plasma insulin and DAG levels and also the association of DAG with insulin action this study was carried out.
Predictive model for vitamin C levels in hyperinsulinemic individuals based on age, sex, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein, and immune-associated serum proteins; Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) is an important water-soluble antioxidant associated with decreased oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. A previous targeted plasma proteomic study has indicated that ascorbic acid is associated with markers of the immune system in healthy subjects. However, the association between the levels of ascorbic acid and blood biomarkers in subjects at risk of developing T2D is still unknown. Serum ascorbic acid was measured by ultra-performance liquid chromatography and serum proteins were quantified by untargeted liquid-chromatography mass spectrometry in 25 hyperinsulinemia subjects that were randomly assigned a high dairy intake diet or an adequate dairy intake diet for 6 weeks, then crossed-over after a 6-week washout period. Spearman correlation followed by gene ontology analyses were performed to identify biological pathways associated with ascorbic acid. Finally, machine learning analysis was performed to obtain a specific serum protein signature that could predict ascorbic acid levels. After adjustments for waist circumference, LDL, HDL, fasting insulin, fasting blood glucose, age, gender, and dairy intake; serum ascorbic acid correlated positively with different aspects of the immune system. Machine learning analysis indicated that a signature composed of 21 features that included 17 proteins (mainly from the immune system), age, sex, waist circumference, and LDL could predict serum ascorbic acid levels in hyperinsulinemia subjects. In conclusion, the result reveals a correlation as well as modulation between serum ascorbic acid levels and proteins that play vital roles in regulating different aspects of the immune response in individuals at risk of T2D. The development of a predictive signature for ascorbic acid will further help the assessment of ascorbic acid status in clinical settings.(c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Dairy Product and Dairy Protein Intake on Inflammation: A Systematic Review of the Literature; Systemic inflammation is associated with obesity and chronic disease risk. Intake of dairy foods is associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; however, the impact of dairy foods on inflammation is not well-established. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review to evaluate the effect of dairy product (milk, cheese, and yogurt) and dairy protein consumption on low-grade systemic inflammation in adults without severe inflammatory disorders. A literature search was completed in September 2019 using PubMed and CENTRAL as well as inspection of reference lists from relevant review articles. The search resulted in the identification of 27 randomized controlled trials which were included in this analysis. In the 19 trials which evaluated dairy products, 10 reported no effect of the intervention, while 8 reported a reduction in at least one biomarker of inflammation. All 8 trials that investigated dairy protein intake on markers of inflammation reported no effect of the intervention. The available literature suggests that dairy products and dairy proteins have neutral to beneficial effects on biomarkers of inflammation. Additional clinical studies designed using inflammatory biomarkers as the primary outcome are needed to fully elucidate the effects of dairy intake on inflammation.
The Causal Effect of Vitamin D Binding Protein (DBP) Levels on Calcemic and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Background: Observational studies have shown that vitamin D binding protein (DBP) levels, a key determinant of 25-hydroxy- vitamin D (25OHD) levels, and 25OHD levels themselves both associate with risk of disease. If 25OHD levels have a causal influence on disease, and DBP lies in this causal pathway, then DBP levels should likewise be causally associated with disease. We undertook a Mendelian randomization study to determine whether DBP levels have causal effects on common calcemic and cardiometabolic disease.
<i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> N1115 attenuates obesity in high-fat diet-induced obese mice; Disruption of the microbial structure of intestinal bacteria due to a high-fat diet (HFD) is closely associated with metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes. Probiotics are known to modulate the gut microbiota; therefore, we demonstrated the capability of Lactobacillus paracasei N1115 (LC-N1115) to attenuate obesity. Four-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were fed a HFD for 12 weeks to induce obesity and were then randomized to supplemented placebo or LC-N1115 treatment group for another 12 weeks. LC-N1115 treatment reduced weight gain and liver fat accumulation as well as triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The administration of LC-N1115 suppressed the expression of fatty acid synthase, interleukin-1 beta, and toll-like receptor 4. Notably, the operational taxonomic units that negatively and positively correlated with the obesity phenotypes were enriched and reduced, respectively, in the LC-N1115 treatment group. These results indicate that LC-N1115 attenuates obesity by modulating the gut microbiota and the expression of lipid synthesis and proinflammatory cytokine genes.
Coffee does not modify postprandial glycaemic and insulinaemic responses induced by carbohydrates; Strong epidemiological evidence suggests that coffee consumption is associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes. In postprandial studies, however, caffeine consumption has been associated with impaired glucose regulation.
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes; Objective: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Maternal diet-induced obesity during suckling period programs offspring obese phenotype and hypothalamic leptin/insulin resistance; During the early post-natal period, offspring are vulnerable to environmental insults, such as nutritional and hormonal changes, which increase risk to develop metabolic diseases later in life. Our aim was to understand whether maternal obesity during lactation programs offspring to metabolic syndrome and obese phenotype, in addition we aimed to assess the peripheral glucose metabolism and hypothalamic leptin/insulin signaling pathways. At delivery, female Wistar rats were randomly divided in two groups: Control group (CO), mothers fed a standard rodent chow (Nuvilab); and Diet-induced obesity group (DIO), mothers who had free access to a diet performed with 33% ground standard rodent chow, 33% sweetened condensed milk (Nestle), 7% sucrose and 27% water. Maternal treatment was performed throughout suckling period. All offspring received standard rodent chow from weaning until 91-day-old. DIO dams presented increased total body fat and insulin resistance. Consequently, the breast milk from obese dams had altered composition. At 91-day-old, DIO offspring had overweight, hyperphagia and higher adiposity. Furthermore, DIO animals had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance, they also showed pancreatic islet hypertrophy and increased pancreatic beta-cell proliferation. Finally, DIO offspring showed low ObRb, JAK2, STAT-3, IR beta, PI3K and Akt levels, suggesting leptin and insulin hypothalamic resistance, associated with increased of hypothalamic NPY level and decreased of POMC. Maternal obesity during lactation malprograms rat offspring to develop obesity that is associated with impairment of melanocortin system. Indeed, rat offspring displayed glucose dyshomeostasis and both peripheral and central insulin resistance. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Postprandial Plasma Phospholipids in Men Are Influenced by the Source of Dietary Fat; Background: Postprandial lipemia represents a risk factor for chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes. Little is known about the effect of dietary fat on the plasma lipidome in the postprandial period.
Impact of Yoga Intervention on Physical and Mental Health of Adults with Type 2 Diabetes: Study Design and Methodology; Objective: The aim of this study was to discuss the components of yoga intervention and experimental design used to assess its effectiveness in diabetes care centers in Chennai. Materials and Methods: An interventional, randomized prospective study design was adopted. The study was conducted over a 6-month period. Based on inclusion and exclusion criteria, participants were selected from Dr Mohan's Diabetes Specialities Centre. Informed consent was obtained, and participants were randomly assigned to either the intervention or the control group in a 1:1 ratio. Participants in the intervention group underwent yoga training every 2 weeks for up to 3 months. Each yoga session lasted 35 min and included a variety of asanas and pranayama techniques. Participants were also given an audio recording (CD) of the yoga instructions, and they were encouraged to practice yoga at home and advised to keep track of their progress in a dairy provided. Diabetes care was provided to the control group on a routine basis. In addition to biochemical parameters, mental health parameters were also assessed. Independent t-test was performed using SPSS 24.0. Results: A total of 152 participants were screened and randomized with 76 in the intervention arm and 76 in the control arm. There were no challenges in participants recruitment and retention. Data were collected during enrollment, 13 and 26 weeks. At baseline, the intervention arm's mean HbA1c (%) was 8.4 +/- 1.1%, whereas in the control arm, it was 8.3 +/- 1.1% (P = 0.290), and fasting blood glucose levels were 142 +/- 27 mg/dL in the intervention arm and 141 +/- 29 mg/dL in the control arm (P = 0.811). There was no significant difference between groups in terms of lipid profile or mental health parameters at baseline. Conclusion: There is a major lacuna for controlled trials with methodological rigor in yoga intervention; this study may contribute to fill this requirement by systematically elucidating the role of yoga in the management of diabetes and to prevent complications. This study will provide a cost-effective care for people with diabetes.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Inflammatory Biomarkers: An Updated Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials; Milk and dairy products contribute <= 14% of the caloric intake in developed countries. Recent evidence has shown controversial results with regard to the role of dairy products in deleterious processes such as inflammation. The increasing number of studies on the anti- and proinflammatory effects of milk and dairy products in the past 5 y reflects the growing interest in this area of research. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the scientific evidence provided in the past 5 y on the effects of milk and dairy products on inflammatory biomarkers provided by randomized clinical trials. The search strategy was conducted in Medline (via PubMed) and Scopus (which includes EMBASE and the Web of Science) databases and included articles from 1 January 2012 to 30 April 2018. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane methodology. The number of study participants, type of study, doses, and the key results are reported. The following primary outcomes were considered for inclusion: circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein, interleukins, cytokines, and vascular adhesion molecules or expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells; however, the primary outcomes considered were not limited to these. Sixteen studies (15 articles) included in this systematic review reported on healthy individuals and subjects who were overweight or obese and who had metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. The consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect in healthy subjects or individuals with metabolic abnormalities. The majority of studies documented a significant anti-inflammatory effect in both healthy and metabolically abnormal subjects, although not all the articles were of high quality. This review was registered on PROSPERO (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews) at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=94535 as CRD42018094535.
One Egg per Day Improves Inflammation when Compared to an Oatmeal-Based Breakfast without Increasing Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Diabetic Patients; There is concern that egg intake may increase blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, we have previously shown that eggs reduce inflammation in patients at risk for T2DM, including obese subjects and those with metabolic syndrome. Thus, we hypothesized that egg intake would not alter plasma glucose in T2DM patients when compared to oatmeal intake. Our primary endpoints for this clinical intervention were plasma glucose and the inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin 6 (IL-6). As secondary endpoints, we evaluated additional parameters of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemias, oxidative stress and inflammation. Twenty-nine subjects, 35-65 years with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values <9% were recruited and randomly allocated to consume isocaloric breakfasts containing either one egg/day or 40 g of oatmeal with 472 mL of lactose-free milk/day for five weeks. Following a three-week washout period, subjects were assigned to the alternate breakfast. At the end of each period, we measured all primary and secondary endpoints. Subjects completed four-day dietary recalls and one exercise questionnaire for each breakfast period. There were no significant differences in plasma glucose, our primary endpoint, plasma lipids, lipoprotein size or subfraction concentrations, insulin, HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, oxidized LDL or C-reactive protein. However, after adjusting for gender, age and body mass index, aspartate amino-transferase (AST) (p < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (p < 0.01), one of our primary endpoints were significantly reduced during the egg period. These results suggest that compared to an oatmeal-based breakfast, eggs do not have any detrimental effects on lipoprotein or glucose metabolism in T2DM. In contrast, eggs reduce AST and TNF-alpha in this population characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation.
Does dietary fat affect inflammatory markers in overweight and obese individuals?-a review of randomized controlled trials from 2010 to 2016; Background: Obesity, a major cause of death and disability, is increasing worldwide. Obesity is characterized by a chronic, low-grade inflammatory state which is suggested to play a critical role in the development of obesity-related diseases like cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. In fact, in the hours following consumption of a meal, a transient increase in inflammatory markers occurs, a response that is exaggerated in obese subjects. Dietary composition, including content of dietary fatty acids, may affect this inflammatory response both acutely and chronically, and thereby be predictive of progression of disease. The aim of the review was to summarize the literature from 2010 to 2016 regarding the effects of dietary fat intake on levels of inflammatory markers in overweight and obesity in human randomized controlled trials.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods.
Warm, Sweetened Milk at the Twilight of Immunity - Alzheimer's Disease-Inflammaging, Insulin Resistance, <i>M</i>. <i>paratuberculosis</i> and Immunosenescence; This article prosecutes a case against the zoonotic pathogen Mycobacterium avium ss. paratuberculosis (MAP) as a precipitant of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Like the other major neurodegenerative diseases AD is, at its core, a proteinopathy. Aggregated extracellular amyloid protein plaques and intracellular tau protein tangles are the recognized protein pathologies of AD. Autophagy is the cellular housekeeping process that manages protein quality control and recycling, cellular metabolism, and pathogen elimination. Impaired autophagy and cerebral insulin resistance are invariant features of AD. With a backdrop of age-related low-grade inflammation (inflammaging) and heightened immune risk (immunosenescence), infection with MAP subverts glucose metabolism and further exhausts an already exhausted autophagic capacity. Increasingly, a variety of agents have been found to favorably impact AD; they are agents that promote autophagy and reduce insulin resistance. The potpourri of these therapeutic agents: mTOR inhibitors, SIRT1 activators and vaccines are seemingly random until one recognizes that all these agents also suppress intracellular mycobacterial infection. The zoonotic mycobacterial MAP causes a common fatal enteritis in ruminant animals. Humans are exposed to MAP from contaminated food products and from the environment. The enteritis in animals is called paratuberculosis or Johne's disease; in humans, it is the putative cause of Crohn's disease. Beyond Crohn's, MAP is associated with an increasing number of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases: sarcoidosis, Blau syndrome, autoimmune diabetes, autoimmune thyroiditis, multiple sclerosis, and rheumatoid arthritis. Moreover, MAP has been associated with Parkinson's disease. India is one county that has extensively studied the human bio-load of MAP; 30% of more than 28,000 tested individuals were found to harbor, or to have harbored, MAP. This article asserts an unfolding realization that MAP infection of humans 1) is widespread in its presence, 2) is wide-ranging in its zoonosis and 3) provides a plausible link connecting MAP to AD.
Acute Effects of Dietary Carbohydrate Restriction on Glycemia, Lipemia and Appetite Regulating Hormones in Normal-Weight to Obese Subjects; Postprandial responses to food are highly dependent on the macronutrient composition of the diet. We investigated the acute effects of transition from the recommended moderately high carbohydrate (HC) diet towards a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia, lipemia, and appetite-regulating hormones in non-diabetic adults. Fourteen subjects, including five males (Mean +/- SD: age 62 +/- 6.5; BMI 32 +/- 7.6 kg/m(2); hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) 40 +/- 3.0 mmol/mol; HOMA2-IR 2.1 +/- 0.9) were included in this randomized, cross-over study. Iso-caloric diets were consumed for two consecutive days with a median wash-out period of 21 days (range 2-8 weeks) between diets (macronutrient energy composition: CRHP/HC; 31%/54% carbohydrate, 29%/16% protein, 40%/30% fat). Postprandial glucose, insulin secretion rate (ISR), triglycerides (TGs), non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs), and satiety ratings were assessed after ingestion of breakfast (Br) and lunch (Lu), and gut hormones and glucagon were assessed after ingestion of Br. Compared with the HC diet, the CRHP diet reduced peak glucose concentrations (Br 11%, p = 0.024; Lu 11%, p < 0.001), glucose excursions (Br 80%, p = 0.20; Lu 85%, p < 0.001), and ISR (Br 31%; Lu 64%, both p < 0.001) whereas CRHP, as compared with HC, increased glucagon-like peptide-1 (Br 27%, p = 0.015) and glucagon values (Br 249%, p < 0.001). NEFA and TG levels increased in the CRHP diet as compared with the HC diet after Br, but no difference was found after Lu (NEFA Br 22%, p < 0.01; TG Br 42%, p = 0.012). Beta-cell glucose sensitivity, insulin clearance, cholecystokinin values, and subjective satiety ratings were unaffected. It is possible to achieve a reduction in postprandial glycemia and insulin without a deleterious effect on beta-cell glucose sensitivity by substituting part of dietary carbohydrate with iso-caloric protein and fat in subjects without type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The metabolic effects are more pronounced after the second meal.
Antihypertensive effects of dietary protein and its mechanism; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at increased risk of stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Both genetic and lifestyle factors, particularly diet, have been attributed an important role in the development of hypertension. Reducing dietary sugar and salt intake can help lower blood pressure; similarly, adequate protein intake may also attenuate hypertension. Observational, cross-sectional and longitudinal epidemiological studies, and controlled clinical trials, have documented significant inverse associations between protein intake and blood pressure. Human and animal studies have shown that specific amino acids within proteins may have antihypertensive effects. Cysteine, glutathione (a tripeptide), glutamate and arginine attenuate and prevent alterations that cause hypertension including insulin resistance, decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, altered renin angiotensin system function, increased oxidative stress and formation of advanced glycation end products. Leucine increases protein synthesis in skeletal muscle and improves insulin resistance by modulating hepatic gluconeogenesis. Taurine and tryptophan attenuate sympathetic nervous system activity. Soy protein helps lower blood pressure through its high arginine content and antioxidant activity exhibited by isoflavones. A diet containing an ample amount of protein may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension; one example is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, lean meat, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, which are good sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals and fibre. Including an adequate supply of soy in the diet should also be encouraged.
Interaction between plasma phospholipid odd-chain fatty acids and GAD65 autoantibodies on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study; Aims/hypothesis Islet autoimmunity may progress to adult-onset diabetes. We investigated whether circulating odd-chain fatty acids (OCFA) 15:0 and 17:0, which are inversely associated with type 2 diabetes, interact with autoantibodies against GAD65 (GAD65Ab) on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> strain Shirota-fermented milk on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic Japanese men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; An obesity-related prediabetic state is characterised by metabolic abnormalities such as post-glucose load hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia and consequently increases the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Herein, 100 obese subjects (body mass index >= 25), who had moderate post-load hyperglycaemia (1-hr post-load plasma glucose (PG) levels >= 180 mg/dl during the oral glucose tolerance test), consumed LcS-fermented milk or placebo milk daily for 8 weeks. The post-load PG and fasting blood markers were evaluated. Although post-load PG levels were not significantly different between the groups, 1-hr post-load PG, glycoalbumin, and HbA1c levels decreased at 8 weeks compared with the baseline levels only in the LcS group (p=0.036, p=0.002, and p=0.006, respectively). The reduction in glycoalbumin levels was statistically significantly greater in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.030). Stratified analyses revealed significantly improved 1-hr post-load PG and glycoalbumin levels in the LcS group compared with the placebo group among subjects with severe glucose intolerance (2-hr post-load PG levels higher than the median at baseline; p=0.036 and p=0.034, respectively). In terms of lipidic outcomes, total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.023, p=0.022, and p=0.008, respectively). These findings suggest that LcS may favourably affect metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects, though the effects on glycaemic control may be limited.
&ITShort communication&IT: Circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance; Defects in mitochondrial fatty acid processing are associated with the development of fatty liver disease, inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight nonruminants. Surplus fatty acids (FA) and defects in FA oxidation favor the accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines (FAC) and the sphingolipid ceramide. Moreover, elevated circulating FAC and ceramide concentrations are inversely related to insulin action. Because we have previously demonstrated that plasma ceramide levels increase during the transition from gestation to lactation, our aim was to determine whether changes in plasma medium- and long-chain FAC levels are related to circulating FA and sphingolipids in peripartal dairy cows. We hypothesized that plasma FAC levels would be higher in overweight cows experiencing increased lipolysis, and that FAC levels would be positively associated with elevations in plasma ceramides. Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows were grouped according to body condition score (BCS) at d -30 prepartum as lean (BCS <3.0; n = 10) or overweight (BCS >4.0; n = 11). Blood was collected at d -30, -15, -7, and 4, relative to parturition. Circulating FAC and ceramide levels were determined using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. To investigate the potential contributions of sphingomyelin (SM) hydrolysis to ceramide accrual, we also determined plasma SM levels during the peripartum period. Data were analyzed under a mixed model with the fixed effects of adiposity and time, and the random effect of cow. Relative to lean cows, overweight cows had elevated FAC during the transition from gestation to lactation. Circulating FAC levels were positively associated with FA, ceramide, and dihydro-SM levels. Although circulating FAC levels increased in all cows during the peripartum, enhanced prepartum adiposity contributed to a greater rise in plasma FA and FAC. Our results support on-going efforts to determine whether altered mitochondrial FA processing promotes the accumulation of the insulin resistance biomarker ceramide in blood and liver.
Saturated fatty acid biomarkers and risk of cardiometabolic diseases: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background and aims: Evidence regarding associations of circulating saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with chronic diseases is mixed. The objective of this study was to determine the associations between total or individual SFA biomarkers and the risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: Four electronic databases were searched from inception to March 2022. Three investigators independently assessed for inclusion and extracted data. Random-effects or fixed-effects models was used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RRs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association of total or individual SFA biomarkers, including even-chain SFAs (e.g., 14:0, myristic acid; 16:0, palmitic acid; 18:0, stearic acid), odd-chain SFAs (e.g., 15:0, pentadecanoic acid; 17:0, margaric acid) and very-long-chain SFAs (VLCSFAs; e.g., 20:0, arachidic acid; 22:0, behenic acid; 24:0, lignoceric acid), with risk of incident type 2 diabetes (T2D), cardiovascular disease [CVD; coronary heart disease (CHD) inclusive of stroke], CHD and stroke. Results: A total of 49 prospective studies reported in 45 articles were included. Higher concentration of circulating total SFAs was associated with an increasing risk of cardiometabolic diseases, the risk increased significantly by 50% for CVD (95%CI:1.31-1.71), 63% for CHD (95%CI:1.38-1.94), 38% for stroke (95%CI:1.05-1.82), respectively. Similarly, levels of even-chain SFAs were positively associated with higher risk of chronic diseases, with RRs ranging from 1.15 to 1.43. In contrast, the risk of cardiometabolic diseases was reduced with increasing odd-chain SFA levels, with RRs ranging from 0.62 to 0.91. A higher level of VLCSFAs corresponded to 19% reduction in CVD. Further dose-response analysis indicated that each 50% increment in percentage of total SFAs in circulating was associated with an 8% higher risk of T2D (RR: 1.08, 95%CI: 1.02-1.14) and trends toward higher risk of CVD (RR: 1.15, 95%CI: 0.98-1.34). Inverse linear relationships were observed between 17:0 biomarker and T2D or CVD risk. Conclusion: Our findings support the current recommendations of reducing intake of saturated fat as part of healthy dietary patterns. Further studies are needed to confirm our findings on these SFAs in relation to cardiometabolic outcomes and to elucidate underlying mechanisms.
Saturated fats, dairy foods and cardiovascular health: No longer a curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major cause of death and morbidity in many parts of the world, and many dietary guidelines limit the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVDs due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. Dairy foods are often a major contributor to dietary intake of SFA, and since many dietary guidelines contain restrictions on SFA intake, this can lead to a moderation of dairy food intake despite meta-analyses generally showing dairy to have a neutral or negative association with CVDs. Many prospective studies and randomised controlled trials do not support a simple positive association between SFA intake and the risk of atherosclerotic CVD and its components although some early studies had a number of methodological weakness. Studies that included blood cholesterol data do broadly support the positive relationship between SFA and blood low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) but without increased CVD risk resulting, despite LDL being a causal factor in atherosclerotic CVD. These data suggest that LDL-C alone is not a consistently good predictor or cause of CVD risk, perhaps particularly in relation to dairy food consumption although some non-dairy food studies have also shown LDL-C reduction was not reflected in reduced CVD risk. This narrative review examines some reasons for these findings. Overall, restrictions on dairy food intake do not seem warranted, although there remains a need to further understand the association of different dairy food types with chronic diseases, perhaps particularly for type 2 diabetes.
Associations of Infant Nutrition with Insulin Resistance Measures in Early Adulthood: Evidence from the Barry-Caerphilly Growth (BCG) Study; Background: Previous studies suggest that over-nutrition in early infancy may programme long-term susceptibility to insulin resistance.
Socioeconomic status, obesity, individual behaviors, diabetes, and risk for frozen shoulder: A Mendelian randomization study; There are few studies on risk factors for frozen shoulder, and even fewer Mendelian randomization (MR) studies on frozen shoulder. Therefore, we conducted a two-sample MR study to explore whether socioeconomic status (years of schooling, average total household income before tax), obesity (body mass index and waist circumference), individual behaviors (smoking initiation, alcohol intake frequency, coffee intake, nonoily fish intake, tea intake, beef intake, bread intake, cheese intake, oily fish intake, and fresh fruit intake), and diabetes (type 1 and type 2 diabetes) are associated with frozen shoulder. The exposure datasets and the outcome dataset were extracted from the MRC Integrative Epidemiology Unit at the University of Bristol Open genome-wide association studies project (https://gwas.mrcieu.ac.uk/). We conducted MR analyses using the inverse variance weighted (primary method), MR-Egger, and weighted median methods and conducted heterogeneity and pleiotropy analyses. Type 1 diabetes (OR: 1.103; 95% CI: 1.053-1.156; P = .0000410) was associated with an increased risk of frozen shoulder. Cheese intake (OR: 0.490; 95% CI: 0.267-0.899; P = .0213), non-oily fish intake (OR: 0.0993; 95% CI: 0.0220-0.448; P = .00267), years of schooling (OR: 0.453; 95% CI: 0.349-0.588; P = .00000000277), and average total household income before tax (OR: 0.434; 95% CI: 0.253-0.743; P = .00236) were discovered as protective factors. No horizontal pleiotropy was found in all analyzes we performed (P > .05). Our study indicated that type 1 diabetes was a risk factor for frozen shoulder while cheese intake, non-oily fish intake, years of schooling, and average total household income before tax were considered as protective factors for frozen shoulder.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
Type II diabetic rats and the hypolipidemic effect of camel milk; Diabetes mellitus is a major risk factor for the development of cardiovascular complications and cardiovascular disease. This study was undertaken to investigate the effect of camel milk on plasma glucose and plasma and tissue lipid profiles in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Diabetes was induced in adult male albino rats of the Wistar strain, weighing 180-200 g, by administration of streptozotocin (40 mg/kg of body weight) intraperitoneally. Rats were randomly divided into five groups: Group I control animals (normal, nondiabetic animals), Group II camel milk control, Group III streptozotocin-diabetic, untreated animals, Group IV streptozotocin-diabetic animals given 250 mL/day camel milk, and Group V streptozotocin-diabetic animals given glibenclamide (600 mu g/kg body weight). The levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, free fatty acids and phospholipids, were assayed in the plasma besides lipoprotein-cholesterol (high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and very low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (VLDL-C)) and tissues (liver, kidney and heart). Total cholesterol, triglyceride, free fatty acid and phospholipid (LDL-C and VLDL-C in plasma only) levels increased in plasma and tissues significantly, while plasma HDL-cholesterol significantly decreased in diabetic rats. Treatment with camel milk prevented the above changes and improved towards normalcy. Thus administration of camel milk is able to reduce hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia related to the risk of diabetes mellitus.
A randomized controlled- feeding trial based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans on cardiometabolic health indexes; Background: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommend nutrient needs be met by increasing fruit, vegetable, and whole-grain intake with the use of low-fat or fat-free dairy products and by reducing sodium, solid fats, and added sugars. However, the DGA, as a dietary pattern, have not been tested in an intervention trial.
Regulation of Nutritional Metabolism in Transition Dairy Goats: Energy Balance, Liver Activity, and Insulin Resistance in Response to Berberine Supplementation; Simple Summary The transition period is largely marked by a decline in dry matter intake (DMI) that often leads to a negative energy balance (NEB) which, along with exaggerated insulin resistance (IR), increasing the mobilization of body fat reserves, leads to higher blood non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and/or beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) concentrations. These confounding factors adversely affect animal health and lactation performance. This study evaluated the impact of pre- and post-partum berberine (BBR) supplementation as a novel approach to the regulation of nutritional metabolism in transition dairy goats. In summary, BBR supplementation (2 and 4 g/d) elevated the DMI and energy balance (EB) in pre- and post-partum goats, as well as enhancing liver activity indices, showing the potential of the new therapeutic strategy in the prevention of metabolic dysfunction in transition dairy goats and in attaining an improved lactation performance as well as health. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of the isoquinoline alkaloid berberine (BBR) on the energy balance (EB), glucose and insulin metabolism, and liver functionality in transition dairy goats, as reflected by blood metabolites and enzymes. Twenty-four primiparous Saanen goats were randomly allocated to four groups. Goats in each group received, ad libitum, the same basal diet during the pre- and post-partum periods of evaluation. Goats received daily0, 1, 2, or 4 g BBR (coded as CON, BBR1, BBR2, and BBR4, respectively). Dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yield were recorded daily. Blood samples were collected on days -21, -14, -7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to kidding, and individual body condition scores (BCSs) were also recorded. Supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) pre- and post-partum DMI, increasing (p < 0.05) the intakes of net energy for lactating and metabolizable proteins. BBR2 and BBR4 increased (p < 0.05) post-partum milk production as well as fat-corrected milk (FCM), energy-corrected milk (ECM), and feed efficiency, indicating the alleviating effect of BBR on the negative energy balance (NEB) in transition goats. The daily ingestion of either 2 or 4 g BBR reduced (p < 0.05) plasma aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and increased (p < 0.05) the dynamic change in the liver activity index (LAI) and liver functionality index (LFI), implying its hepatoprotective effect on transition goats. Overall, the results suggest that BBR supplementation of at least 2 g/d may help to ameliorate insulin resistance (IR) and fat metabolism disorders initiated by the NEB in transition dairy goats.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: Critical review and evidence base; The inability of current recommendations to control the epidemic of diabetes, the specific failure of the prevailing low-fat diets to improve obesity, cardiovascular risk, or general health and the persistent reports of some serious side effects of commonly prescribed diabetic medications, in combination with the continued success of low-carbohydrate diets in the treatment of diabetes and metabolic syndrome without significant side effects, point to the need for a reappraisal of dietary guidelines. The benefits of carbohydrate restriction in diabetes are immediate and well documented. Concerns about the efficacy and safety are long term and conjectural rather than data driven. Dietary carbohydrate restriction reliably reduces high blood glucose, does not require weight loss (although is still best for weight loss), and leads to the reduction or elimination of medication. It has never shown side effects comparable with those seen in many drugs. Here we present 12 points of evidence supporting the use of low-carbohydrate diets as the first approach to treating type 2 diabetes and as the most effective adjunct to pharmacology in type 1. They represent the best-documented, least controversial results. The insistence on long-term randomized controlled trials as the only kind of data that will be accepted is without precedent in science. The seriousness of diabetes requires that we evaluate all of the evidence that is available. The 12 points are sufficiently compelling that we feel that the burden of proof rests with those who are opposed. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Food groups and risk of chronic disease: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: There is a lack of systematic and comprehensive evaluations whether food intakes lower or increase risk of chronic diseases. In this network meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, we aim to evaluate the effects of different foods on risk of chronic diseases.
The beneficial effects of the composite probiotics from camel milk on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in <i>db/db</i> mice; Background Probiotics may have beneficial effects on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We separated 4 lactobacillus and 1 saccharomycetes from traditional fermented cheese whey (TFCW) and prepared composite probiotics from camel milk (CPCM) and investigated their effects on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in db/db mice. Methods CPCM was prepared in the laboratory and 40 db/db mice were randomly divided into 4 groups as metformin, low-dose and high-dose group and model group, and treated for 6 weeks. In addition, 10 C57BL/Ks mice as normal control group were used for comparison. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), body weight (BW), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), glycated hemoglobin (HbAlc), C-peptide (CP), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), 24 h urinary microalbumin (24 h malb), urine ketone, urine sugar, pancreas and liver tissue and intestinal flora were tested. Results Compared to diabetic group, high dose CPCM significantly decreased FBG, OGTT, HbAlc and IRI, plasma TC, TG, LDL-C, 24 h malb, urine ketone and urine sugar, increased CP, HDL-C levels, improved the liver and kidney function, protected the function of islets, also increased intestinal tract lactic acid bacteria and Bifidobacterium, decreased Escherichia in db/db mice. Conclusion CPCM decreased FBG, OGTT and HbAlc, increased CP, modulated lipid metabolism and improved liver and kidney protected injury in db/db mice, which may be related to various probiotics acting through protecting the function of islets and regulating intestinal flora disturbance.
Effect of a 12-Week Polyphenol Rutin Intervention on Markers of Pancreatic β-Cell Function and Gut Microbiota in Adults with Overweight without Diabetes; Supplementation with prebiotic polyphenol rutin is a potential dietary therapy for type 2 diabetes prevention in adults with obesity, based on previous glycaemic improvement in transgenic mouse models. Gut microbiota are hypothesised to underpin these effects. We investigated the effect of rutin supplementation on pancreatic beta-cell function measured as C-peptide/glucose ratio, and 16S rRNA gene-based gut microbiota profiles, in a cohort of individuals with overweight plus normoglycaemia or prediabetes. Eighty-seven participants were enrolled, aged 18-65 years with BMI of 23-35 kg/m(2). This was a 12-week double-blind randomised controlled trial (RCT), with 3 treatments comprising (i) placebo control, (ii) 500 mg/day encapsulated rutin, and (iii) 500 mg/day rutin-supplemented yoghurt. A 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed at baseline and at the end of the trial, with faecal samples also collected. Compliance with treatment was high (similar to 90%), but rutin in both capsule and dietary format did not alter pancreatic beta-cell response to OGTT over 12 weeks. Gut bacterial community composition also did not significantly change, with Firmicutes dominating irrespective of treatment. Fasting plasma glucose negatively correlated with the abundance of the butyrate producer Roseburia inulinivorans, known for its anti-inflammatory capacity. This is the first RCT to investigate postprandial pancreatic beta-cell function in response to rutin supplementation.
Acute and second-meal effects of almond form in impaired glucose tolerant adults: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Nut consumption may reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of the current study was to measure the acute and second-meal effects of morning almond consumption and determine the contribution of different nut fractions.
Effects of Kefir Consumption on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background Fermentation of lactose in milk by bacteria and yeasts naturally present in kefir grains produces a beverage that has been suggested to have cardiovascular benefits. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of this kefir beverage on cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods Literature search utilised PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for articles published from inception until June 2021. Cardiometabolic risk indices extracted included insulin and insulin resistance (HOMA_IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), fasting blood sugar (FBS), haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and body weight (BW). In total, six RCTs (314 subjects) were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in TC, TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, FBS, HbA1c and BW compared to baseline. A random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD. Results Kefir intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (WMD: -3.69 micro-IU/mL,95% CI: -6.30 to -1.07, p = 0.006, I-2 = 0.0%) and HOMA-IR (WMD: -2.56, 95% CI: -3.82 to -1.30, p<0.001, I-2 = 19.4%). No effect on TC (p = 0.088), TG (p = 0.824), HDL-C (p = 0.491), LDL-C (p = 0.910), FBS (p = 0.267), HbA1c (p = 0.339) or body weight (p = 0.439) were found for kefir treatment. Conclusion Kefir has a beneficial effect in decreasing insulin resistance; however, no effect was seen on BW, FBS, HbA1C, and lipid profile.
Australian sweet lupin flour addition reduces the glycaemic index of a white bread breakfast without affecting palatability in healthy human volunteers; The addition of some legume ingredients to bread has been associated with effects on glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses that may be beneficial in controlling type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. However, the effect of Australian sweet lupin (Lupinus angustifolius) flour (ASLF) is unknown. This investigation examined the effect of adding ASLF to standard white bread on post-meal glycaemic, insulinaemic and satiety responses and palatability in healthy subjects. Using a randomised, single-blind, cross-over design, 11 subjects consumed one breakfast of ASLF bread and two of standard white bread >= 7 days apart after fasting overnight. Each breakfast also included margarine, jam, and tea with milk and contained 50g available carbohydrate. On each test day, blood samples were taken after fasting, then several times over 2 hours post-prandially, and analysed for plasma glucose and serum insulin. Subjects rated breakfast palatability and perception of satiety. in the fasting state and over 3 hours post-prandially, after which food intake from an ad libitum buffet and for the rest of the day was recorded. Incremental areas under the curves for glucose, insulin and satiety. glycaemic index, insulinaemic index and satiety index were calculated. ASLF addition to the breakfast reduced its glycaemic index (mean +/- SEM; ASLF bread breakfast = 74.0 +/- 9.6. Standard white bread breakfast = 100, P=0.022). raised its insulinaemic index (ASLF bread breakfast = 127.7 +/- 12.0. Standard white bread breakfast = 100 P=0.046), but did not affect palatability, satiety or food intake. ASLF addition resulted in a palatable breakfast; however, the potential benefits of the lowered glycaemic index may be eclipsed by the increased insulinaemic index.
Evaluation of the moisturizer Pedimed® in the foot care of diabetic patients; Aim. - Xerosis is one of the most common abnormalities observed in the diabetic foot, promoting ulceration through the development of fissures and hyperkeratosis. Its treatment is therefore paramount and must be implemented early on. The objective of this study was to assess the moisturizing properties of Pedimed (R) cream in the treatment of foot xerosis in diabetic patients.
Dairy fat intake is associated with glucose tolerance, hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity, and liver fat but not β-cell function in humans; Background: Plasma phospholipid concentrations of trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-16: ln-7), a biomarker of dairy fat intake, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes in 2 US cohorts.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra-high temperature (UHT)-treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi-skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults.
Effect of High-Fat and Low-Fat Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Immune Function in a Low Birthweight Swine Model of Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance; Although dairy intake has been shown to have a neutral or some beneficial effect on major cardiometabolic risk factors, the impact of dairy, and especially dairy fat, on immune function remains to be investigated. To understand the effect of consuming dairy fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance to compare high-fat and low-fat dairy products to a control high-fat diet (CHF). LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental HF diets: (1) CHF, (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of high-fat dairy (HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of low-fat dairy (LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). A total of 35 pigs completed the study and were fed for a total of 7 weeks, including 1 week of CHF transition diet. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized. Fasting blood and tissue samples were collected. Ex vivo cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated with pokeweed (PWM), phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and phorbol myristate acetate-ionomycin (PMA-I) were assessed. As expected, LBW-CHF piglets showed early signs of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, P model = 0.08). Feeding high-fat dairy products improved fasting plasma glucose concentrations more than low-fat dairy compared to LBW-CHF (P < 0.05). Irrespective of fat content, dairy consumption had neutral effect on fasting lipid profile. We have also observed lower production of IL-2 after PWM and PHA stimulation as well as lower production of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation in LBW-CHF than in NBW-Chow (all, P < 0.05), suggesting impaired T cell and antigen presenting cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effect on immune function, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation, IL-2 and IFN-gamma after PHA stimulation as well as TNF-alpha after PMA-I stimulation compared to LBW-CHF (all, P < 0.05). These data provide novel insights into the role of dairy consumption in counteracting some obesity-related cardiometabolic and immune perturbations.
A Randomized Intervention Trial of 24-wk Dairy Consumption on Waist Circumference, Blood Pressure, and Fasting Blood Sugar and Lipids in Japanese Men with Metabolic Syndrome; Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (Clinical trial registration: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy-consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co-primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (PBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy-consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy-consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co-primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy-consumption group (one-sided p=0.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were -8.0 mmHg (95% CI, -14.0 to -1.9, interaction; p<0.01) in the normal weight group and -5.8 mmHg (-11.4 to -0.2, interaction; p=0.02) in the moderate-to-high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy-consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co-primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate-to-high LTPA and lowered PBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
Insulin resistance in divergent strains of Holstein-Friesian dairy cows offered fresh pasture and increasing amounts of concentrate in early lactation; The objective of this study was to determine whether the physiological response to an intravenous glucose challenge would be affected by genetic strain or concentrate supplementation in grazing Holstein-Friesian cows in early lactation. North American (NA; n = 30) or New Zealand (NZ; n = 30) cows were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 feeding treatments. All cows were offered a generous pasture allowance, and 4 of the 6 groups received either 3 or 6 kg of dry matter (DM)/cow per day of concentrates. During wk 5 of lactation, all cows underwent an intravenous glucose challenge. Cows of NA origin produced more milk than NZ cows, but there was no significant strain effect on milk fat or protein yield. Milk yield and the yield of individual components increased with increasing level of concentrate eaten, but there were no significant strain x diet interactions. During wk 1 to 6, mean body weight and body condition score decreased in all treatments. Average body weight was greater in NA cows, but body condition score was greater for NZ cows. There was no strain or diet effect on the length of the postpartum anovulatory interval, with cows ovulating before 40 d postpartum on average. Glucose fractional turnover rate was greater in NZ cows compared with those of NA origin and in all cows receiving 6 kg of DM concentrates, indicating a less severe insulin resistance in those treatments. Consistent with this, the time taken to dispose of half the peak glucose concentration was less when 6 kg of DM concentrate was fed, and tended to be less in NZ than in NA cows. There was no effect of genetic strain on glucose area under the curve (AUC) at 60 or 120 min, but AUC at both time points was less in cows receiving 6 kg of DM concentrates per day. Neither genetic strain nor nutrition affected basal or peak insulin concentrations, insulin increment, or insulin AUC, and there were no strain x diet interactions for any of the glucose challenge response variables measured. In conclusion, differences in milk production between NA and NZ cows in early lactation can, at least in part, be explained by the greater degree of insulin resistance in the NA cows, and this insulin resistance can be overcome by supplementing grazing cows with 6 kg of DM concentrates.
Molecular effects of the consumption of margarine and butter varying in <i>trans</i> fat composition: a parallel human intervention study; Background Whereas the dietary intake of industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) has been specifically associated with inflammation, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes, understanding the impact of dietary fats on human health remains challenging owing to their complex composition and individual effects of their lipid components on metabolism. The aim of this study is to profile the composition of blood, measured by the fatty acid (FAs) profile and untargeted metabolome of serum and the transcriptome of blood cells, in order to identify molecular signatures that discriminate dietary fat intakes. Methods In a parallel study, the molecular effects of consuming dairy fat containing ruminant TFA (rTFA) or margarine containing iTFA were investigated. Healthy volunteers (n = 42; 45-69 y) were randomly assigned to diets containing margarine without TFA as major source of fat (wTFA control group with 0.4 g TFA per 100 g margarine), margarine with iTFA (iTFA group with 4.1 g TFA per 100 g margarine), or butter with rTFA (rTFA group with 6.3 g TFA per 100 g butter) for 4 weeks. The amounts of test products were individually selected so that fat intake contributed to 30-33% of energy requirements and TFA in the rTFA and iTFA groups contributed to up to 2% of energy intake. Changes in fasting blood values of lipid profiles (GC with flame-ionization detection), metabolome profiles (LC-MS, GC-MS), and gene expression (microarray) were measured. Results Eighteen FAs, as well as 242 additional features measured by LC-MS (185) and GC-MS (54) showed significantly different responses to the diets (PFDR-adjusted < 0.05), mainly distinguishing butter from the margarine diets while gene expression was not differentially affected. The most abundant TFA in the butter, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-11-enoic acid (C18:1 t11; trans vaccenic acid), and margarines, i.e. TFA containing (E)-octadec-9-enoic acid (C18:1 t9; elaidic acid) were reflected in the significantly different serum levels of TFAs measured after the dietary interventions. Conclusions The untargeted serum metabolome differentiates margarine from butter intake although the identification of the discriminating features remains a bottleneck. The targeted serum FA profile provides detailed information on specific molecules differentiating not only butter from margarine intake but also diets with different content of iTFAs in margarine.
Nutritional Intervention and the Impact on Adherence to Treatment in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events disease and type 2 diabetes. Treatment includes modifications on life style, diet and physical activity. Treatment adherence plays a crucial role in the successful treatment of this disease.
The effects of synbiotic supplementation on insulin resistance/sensitivity, lipid profile and total antioxidant capacity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized double blind placebo controlled clinical trial; Aims: The role of gut microbiota in the management of diabetes is shown. In this randomized clinical trial we assessed the effects of synbiotic supplementation on insulin, lipid profile and antioxidative status among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Health effects of milk consumption: phenome-wide Mendelian randomization study; Background We performed phenome-wide Mendelian randomization analysis (MR-PheWAS), two-sample MR analysis, and systemic review to comprehensively explore the health effects of milk consumption in the European population. Methods Rs4988235 located upstream of the LCT gene was used as the instrumental variable for milk consumption. MR-PheWAS analysis was conducted to map the association of genetically predicted milk consumption with 1081 phenotypes in the UK Biobank study (n=339,197). The associations identified in MR-PheWAS were examined by two-sample MR analysis using data from the FinnGen study (n=260,405) and international consortia. A systematic review of MR studies on milk consumption was further performed. Results PheWAS and two-sample MR analyses found robust evidence in support of inverse associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with risk of cataract (odds ratio (OR) per 50 g/day increase in milk consumption, 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84-0.94; p=3.81x10(-5)), hypercholesterolemia (OR, 0.91, 95% CI 0.86-0.96; p=2.97x10(-4)), and anal and rectal polyps (OR, 0.85, 95% CI, 0.77-0.94; p=0.001). An inverse association for type 2 diabetes risk (OR, 0.92, 95% CI, 0.86-0.97; p=0.003) was observed in MR analysis based on genetic data with body mass index adjustment but not in the corresponding data without body mass index adjustment. The systematic review additionally found evidence that genetically predicted milk consumption was inversely associated with asthma, hay fever, multiple sclerosis, colorectal cancer, and Alzheimer's disease, and positively associated with Parkinson's disease, renal cell carcinoma, metabolic syndrome, overweight, and obesity. Conclusions This study suggests several health effects of milk consumption in the European population.
The acute effects of dietary carbohydrate reduction on postprandial responses of non-esterified fatty acids and triglycerides: a randomized trial; BackgroundPostprandial non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and triglyceride (TG) responses are increased in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and may impair insulin action and increase risk of cardiovascular disease and death. Dietary carbohydrate reduction has been suggested as non-pharmacological therapy for T2DM, but the acute effects on NEFA and TG during subsequent meals remain to be investigated.MethodsPostprandial NEFA and TG responses were assessed in subjects with T2DM by comparing a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet with a conventional diabetes (CD) diet in an open-label, randomized, cross-over study. Each diet was consumed on two consecutive days, separated by a wash-out period. The iso-caloric CRHP/CD diets contained 31/54 E% from carbohydrate, 29/16 E% energy from protein and 40/30 E% from fat, respectively. Sixteen subjects with well-controlled T2DM (median HbA(1c) 47mmol/mol, (37-67mmol/mol) and BMI 304.4kg/m(2)) participated in the study. NEFA and TG were evaluated following breakfast and lunch.ResultsNEFA net area under curve (AUC) was increased by 9738mol/Lx270 min (p=0.024) after breakfast but reduced by 141 +/- 33mol/Lx180 min (p<0.001) after lunch on the CRHP compared with CD diet. Likewise, TG net AUC was increased by 80 +/- 28mol/Lx270 min (p=0.012) after breakfast but reduced by 320 +/- 60mol/Lx180 min (p<0.001) after lunch on the CRHP compared with CD diet.ConclusionsIn well-controlled T2DM a modest reduction of dietary carbohydrate with a corresponding increase in protein and fat acutely reduced postprandial serum NEFA suppression and increased serum TG responses after a breakfast meal but had the opposite effect after a lunch meal. The mechanism behind this second-meal phenomenon of CRHP diet on important risk factors for aggravating T2DM and cardiovascular disease awaits further investigation.
Reduction of plasma NEFA concentration by nicotinic acid enhances the response to insulin in feed-restricted holstein cows; The objective was to investigate the relationship between elevated plasma nonesterified fatty acid ( NEFA) concentration and insulin resistance in Holstein cows. Six nonlactating, nongestating, ruminally cannulated Holstein cows were blocked by body condition score and randomly assigned to a sequence of 2 treatments in a crossover design. Cows were offered legume and grass hay ad libitum supplemented with minerals and vitamins and were allowed free access to water and a trace mineralized salt block. Mobilization of body reserves was stimulated by withdrawing forage for 48 h before initiation of treatments. Treatments consisted of 11 hourly abomasal infusions of water ( control) or nicotinic acid (NA; 6 mg/h per kg of body weight) as an antilipolytic agent. Infusions of NA decreased plasma NEFA concentration from 545 mu Eq/L to approximately 100 mu Eq/L within 2 h after initiation of treatments, and differences were maintained throughout infusions. Intravenous glucose tolerance test was performed 8 h after initiation of treatments and was followed by 3 h of blood sampling. The reduction of plasma NEFA concentration led to significantly greater glucose clearance rate (1.9 vs. 1.2%/min) and to decreased glucose half-life ( 37 vs. 58 min), time to reach basal concentration ( 81 vs. 114 min) and glucose response area under the curve during 180 min of sampling [ 6,942 vs. 10,085 ( mu IU/mL) x 180 min]. Enhanced glucose clearance was achieved when plasma NEFA was reduced by NA, despite lower insulin concentration ( 70.0 vs. 97.9 +/- 13.4 mu IU/mL) and a tendency for smaller insulin response area under the curve during 180 min of sampling [ 7,646 vs. 12,104 +/- 2,587 ( mu IU/ mL) x 180 min], reflecting an increased response to endogenous insulin. Based on literature, we do not expect NA to have altered glucose metabolism directly; therefore, this experiment demonstrates a cause and effect relationship between elevated NEFA and insulin resistance in Holstein cows.
Ingesting probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactiplantibacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 improves glycaemic control in adults with prediabetes in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Aim: The ingestion of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells has been shown to improve glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in murine models and clinical studies. This study aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glycaemic control in healthy adults with prediabetes. Materials and Methods: The study was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design. Adult participants with prediabetes [n = 148, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) range: 5.6%-6.4%, age range: 20-64 years] were assigned randomly to placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 74/group) and administered daily for 12 weeks either conventional yogurt or yogurt containing >5 x 109 heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively. In addition, the participants were followed for 8 weeks after the discontinuation of either yogurt. The primary outcome was the changes in HbA1c levels at weeks 12 and 16 by analysis of covariance. Results: The levels of HbA1c and glycoalbumin decreased significantly in both groups at week 12 in comparison with those at week 0, but only in the OLL2712 group at week 16. HbA1c levels decreased significantly at weeks 12 and 16 in the OLL2712 group in comparison with the placebo group (p = .014 and p = .006, respectively). No significant inter- and intragroup differences in HbA1c levels were observed at week 20. Conclusions: The ingestion of OLL2712 prevents the deterioration of glycaemic control and maintains the HbA1c levels within the normal range in adults with prediabetes; yogurt probably exhibits similar effects, which may contribute to reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the systemic inflammatory response in human subjects; According to animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homeostasis. We hypothesised that probiotic bacteria improve insulin sensitivity by attenuating systemic inflammation. Therefore, the effects of oral supplementation with the probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM on insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory response were investigated in subjects with normal or impaired insulin sensitivity. In a double-blinded, randomised fashion, forty-five males with type 2 diabetes, impaired or normal glucose tolerance were enrolled and allocated to a 4-week treatment course with either L. acidophilus NCFM or placebo. L. acidophilus was detected in stool samples by denaturating gradient gel electrophoresis and real-time PCR. Separated by the 4-week intervention period, two hyperinsulinaemic-euglycaemic clamps were performed to estimate insulin sensitivity. Furthermore, the systemic inflammatory response was evaluated by subjecting the participants to Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide injection (0.3 ng/kg) before and after the treatment course. L. acidophilus NCFM was detected in 75% of the faecal samples after treatment with the probiotic bacterium. Insulin sensitivity was preserved among volunteers in the L. acidophilus NCFM group, whereas it decreased in the placebo group. Both baseline inflammatory markers and the systemic inflammatory response were, however, unaffected by the intervention. In conclusion, intake of L. acidophilus NCFM for 4 weeks preserved insulin sensitivity compared with placebo, but did not affect the systemic inflammatory response.
Oversupplying metabolizable protein during late gestation to beef cattle does not influence ante- or postpartum glucose-insulin kinetics but does affect prepartum insulin resistance indices and colostrum insulin content; The objective of this study was to evaluate whether oversupplying metabolizable protein (MP) during late gestation influences glucose and insulin concentrations, and insulin resistance (IR) in late gestation and early lactation. Crossbred Hereford, first-lactation heifers were individually fed diets to supply 133% (HMP, n = 11) or 100% (CON, n = 10) of their predicted MP requirements for 55 +/- 4 d (mean +/- SD) prior to calving. All heifers received a common lactation ration formulated to meet postpartum requirements (103% MP and 126% ME). After feed was withheld for 12 h, cattle underwent an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) on days -6.7 +/- 0.9 and 14.3 +/- 0.4 by infusing a 50% dextrose solution (1.36 g glucose/kg BW0.75) through a jugular catheter with plasma collected at -10, 0 (immediately after infusion), 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 45, 60, 75, 90, and 120 min, respective to the infusion. Glucose and insulin concentrations were assessed. Insulin resistance indices (homeostasis model of insulin resistance [HOMA-IR], quantitative insulin sensitivity check index [QUICKI], revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index [RQUICK], and RQUICKI incorporating serum beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations [RQUICKI(BHB)]) were calculated from measurements of serum non-esterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate and plasma glucose and insulin concentrations on days -34 +/- 4, -15 +/- 4, 7 +/- 1, 28 +/- 3, 70 +/- 3, and 112 +/- 3. Colostrum samples were collected within an hour of calving (prior to suckling) and analyzed for insulin concentration. Data were analyzed as a randomized block design using the PROC GLIMMIX of SAS, accounting for repeated measurements when necessary. Baseline (-10 min) plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were elevated (P <= 0.038) for HMP heifers during the antepartum IVGTT, but not (P >= 0.25) during the postpartum IVGTT. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations throughout the antepartum or postpartum IVGTT did not differ (P >= 0.18) by prepartum treatment, nor did other glucose and insulin IVGTT parameters (i.e., max concentration and time to reach max concentration, nadir values, clearance rates and half-lives, area-under-the-curve, and insulin sensitivity index; P >= 0.20). Antepartum IVGTT IR indices indicated that HMP heifers were more (P <= 0.011) IR than their counterparts. Similarly, the prepartum HOMA-IR was greater (P = 0.033) for HMP heifers, suggesting increased IR. Postpartum IR indices did not (P >= 0.25) indicate that prepartum MP consumption impacted postpartum IR. Colostrum insulin concentration was increased (P = 0.004) by nearly 2-fold for HMP relative to CON heifers. These data demonstrate that prepartum MP overfeeding alters baseline glucose-insulin concentrations in late-pregnant beef heifers and increases colostrum insulin content without having carry-over effects on postpartum glucose-insulin concentrations and IR.
<i>Cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 and <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 CLA Mixture does not Change Body Composition, Induces Insulin Resistance and Increases Serum HDL Cholesterol Level in Rats; Synthetic supplements of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) containing 50:50 mixture of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomers have been commercialized in some places for reducing body fat. However the safety of this CLA mixture is controversial and in some countries the CLA usage as food supplement is not authorized. Changes in insulinemic control and serum lipids profile are potential negative effects related to consumption of CLA mixture. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of a diet containing mixture of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA on prevention of obesity risk as well as on potential side effects such as insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in Wistar rats. Thirty male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to the following dietary treatments (n=10/group), for 60 days: Normolipidic Control (NC), diet containing 4.0% soybean oil (SO); High Fat-Control (HF-C), diet containing 24.0% SO; High Fat-synthetic CIA (HF-CLA), diet containing 1.5% of an isomeric CLA mixture (Luta-CLA 60) and 22.5% SO. Luta-CLA 60 (BASF) contained nearly 60% of CLA (cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA at 50:50 ratio). The HF-CLA diet contained 0.3% of each CLA isomer. HF-CLA diet had no effect on dietary intake and body composition. HF-CLA-fed rats had lower levels of PPAR gamma protein in retroperitoneal adipose tissue, hyperinsulinemia compared to HF-C-fed rats, hyperglycemia compared to NC-fed rats while no differences in glycemia were observed between NC and HF-C groups, increased HOMA index and higher levels of serum HDL cholesterol. Thus, feeding rats with a high fat diet containing equal parts of cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomers had no effect on body composition and induced insulin resistance. Despite HF-CLA-fed rats had increased serum HDL cholesterol levels, caution should be taken before synthetic supplements containing cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA are recommended as a nutritional strategy for weight management.
Associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating odd-chain fatty acids in post-myocardial infarction patients; Background Circulating odd-chain fatty acids pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are considered to reflect dairy intake. In cohort studies, higher circulating 15:0 and 17:0 were associated with lower type 2 diabetes risk. A recent randomized controlled trial in humans suggested that fiber intake also increased circulating 15:0 and 17:0, potentially resulting from fermentation by gut microbes. We examined the associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating 15:0 and 17:0 in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI). Methods We performed cross-sectional analyses in a subsample of 869 Dutch post-MI patients of the Alpha Omega Cohort who had data on dietary intake and circulating fatty acids. Dietary intakes (g/d) were assessed using a 203-item food frequency questionnaire. Circulating 15:0 and 17:0 (as % of total fatty acids) were measured in plasma phospholipids (PL) and cholesteryl esters (CE). Spearman correlations (r(s)) were computed between intakes of total dairy, dairy fat, fiber, and circulating 15:0 and 17:0. Results Patients were on average 69 years old, 78% was male and 21% had diabetes. Total dairy intake comprised predominantly milk and yogurt (69%). Dairy fat was mainly derived from cheese (47%) and milk (15%), and fiber was mainly from grains (43%). Circulating 15:0 in PL was significantly correlated with total dairy and dairy fat intake (both r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001), but not with dietary fiber intake (r(s) = 0.05, p = 0.11). Circulating 17:0 in PL was correlated both with dairy intake (r(s) = 0.14 for total dairy and 0.11 for dairy fat, p < 0.001), and fiber intake (r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001). Results in CE were roughly similar, except for a weaker correlation of CE 17:0 with fiber (r(s) = 0.11, p = 0.001). Circulating 15:0 was highest in those with high dairy intake irrespective of fiber intake, while circulating 17:0 was highest in those with high dairy and fiber intake. Conclusions In our cohort of post-MI patients, circulating 15:0 was associated with dairy intake but not fiber intake, whereas circulating 17:0 was associated with both dairy and fiber intake. These data suggest that cardiometabolic health benefits previously attributed to 17:0 as a biomarker of dairy intake may partly be explained by fiber intake.
Association between dairy intake, lipids and vascular structure and function in diabetes; AIM
Yogurt improves insulin resistance and liver fat in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Because consumption of conventional yogurt has beneficial effects in a healthy population, and insulin resistance (IR) is the mutual pathogenesis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), we hypothesized that yogurt would ameliorate IR in patients with NAFLD and MetS.
Health Effects of Calcium: Evidence From Mendelian Randomization Studies; Calcium is widely used in conjunction with vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis. The use of calcium supplementation is also promoted for its potential benefits in lowering the risk for metabolic syndromes and cancers. However, the causal link between calcium and various health outcomes remains unclear. This review focuses on the evidence from 24 Mendelian randomization (MR) studies that were designed to minimize bias from confounding and reverse causation. These MR studies evaluated the effect of lifelong genetically higher serum calcium levels on various health outcomes. Overall, available MR studies found no conclusive effects of serum calcium levels on bone mineral density and fracture, ischemic stroke and heart failure, cancers, type 2 diabetes, Parkinson disease, or offspring birth weight. However, a higher serum calcium concentration was reported to have estimated causal effects on increased risks for coronary artery disease (especially myocardial infarction), migraine, renal colic, allergy/adverse effect of penicillin, and reduced risks for osteoarthrosis and osteoarthritis. In conclusion, supplementation of calcium in individuals from the general population is not predicted to influence the risk of most investigated diseases to date. Moreover, long-term high serum calcium concentrations may result in adverse health outcomes. (c) 2021 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
A randomized clinical trial of efficacy and safety of the topical clonidine and capsaicin in the treatment of painful diabetic neuropathy; Background: Incomplete efficiency of oral medications restricts their therapeutic success in pain control of the painful form of the diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Use of topical medications because of less systemic side effects is more acceptable. This study aimed to compare the effect of clonidine gel and capsaicin cream in relieving pain associated with DPN. Materials and Methods: This 12-week, randomized, double-blind and parallel-group trial was conducted to compare the efficacy and safety of topical clonidine and capsaicin. Totally, 139 patients with type 2 diabetes with a pain score of at least 4 as assessed by visual analog scale (VAS), were treated for up to 3 months. The endpoint of the study was the reduction in the median pain score from baseline, as assessed by the VAS at the 4 weekly follow-up visits. Results: The intention-to-treat population for the efficacy analysis consists of 69 patients receiving clonidine and 70 patients receiving capsaicin. Both drugs significantly relieved pain at 12 weeks (P < 0.001 for both) but no significant difference in the efficacy between the two treatments was observed (P = 0.931). Dermatologic complications were more common in capsaicin group (P = 0.001). Conclusion: The results of this study showed the comparable efficacy of clonidine gel in comparison with capsaicin cream in the treatment of pain due to DPN with less adverse events. More studies are required to better evaluate the efficacy and safety of this topical compound for relieving pain in DPN.
Dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors in Ethiopia: A community-based cross-sectional study; PurposeTo identify the dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors among adult people in urban and rural areas of Wolaita, southern Ethiopia. MethodsA total of 2,483 participants aged 25-64 years were selected using a three-stage random sampling. Data for this study were collected using structured questionnaires, the previous 24-h dietary intake assessment, anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. We used factor analysis to identify dietary patterns. Factors associated with dietary patterns were analyzed using multiple linear regression models. The adjusted regression coefficients with their 95% CI were used to ascertain the association. ResultWe identified three major dietary patterns that explained 51% of the variance in food consumption. The western dietary pattern was characterized by the consumption of meat/organ meat, biscuits/sweets, chicken stew, pasta-macaroni recipes, butter, white wheat bread, egg recipe, and Ethiopian dish shiro-wet, and was positively associated with urban residence, obesity, hypertension, blood glucose, and total cholesterol levels. Adherence to the consumption of tubers, whole-grain maize products, coffee leaves-and-herbs beverage, legumes, and sweet potatoes featured the traditional dietary pattern. The traditional dietary pattern showed a positive relationship with rural residence, physical activity, and obesity, and it had a negative relationship with hypertension. The healthy dietary pattern was characterized by the intake of green leafy vegetables, green pepper, and whole-grain maize products, and negatively related to obesity, and hypertension, while positively related to urban residence. ConclusionThe coexistence of western, traditional, and healthy dietary patterns in the present study indicates the transition to a new dietary pattern in the study area. All dietary patterns were associated with one or more cardiovascular risk factors, but the western dietary pattern was associated with most of these, while the traditional diet showed fewer such associations. Therefore, it might be useful to promote healthy and traditional dietary patterns along with physical activity. Interventions related to the current findings, if initiated early in life, may benefit the public in preventing cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, and type 2-diabetes.
Short-term effects of replacing milk with cola beverages on insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-glucose metabolism: a 10 d interventional study in young men; In the Western world, a trend towards increased consumption of carbonated soft drinks combined with a decreasing intake of milk is observed. This may affect circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and fasting insulin, as seen in pre-pubertal children. The present study was designed to reflect the trend of replacing milk with carbonated beverages in young men and to study the effects of this replacement on IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-I:IGFBP-3 and glucose-insulin metabolism. A randomised, controlled crossover intervention study, in which eleven men aged 22-29 years were given a low-Ca diet in two 10 d periods with 10 d washout in between. In one period, they drank 2.5 litres of Coca Cola(R) per day and the other period 2.5 litres of semi-skimmed milk. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 (RIA), insulin (fluoro immunoassay) and glucose (Cobas) were determined at baseline and end point of each intervention period. Insulin resistance and P-cell function were calculated with the homeostasis model assessment. A decrease in serum IGF-I was observed in the cola period compared with the milk period (P<0.05). No effects of treatment were observed on IGFBP-3, IGF-I:IGFBP-3, insulin, glucose, insulin resistance or P-cell function. The present study demonstrates that high intake of cola over a 10 d period decreases total IGF-I compared with a high intake of milk, with no effect on glucose-insulin metabolism in adult men. It is unknown whether this is a transient phenomenon or whether it has long-term consequences.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 reduces postprandial and fasting serum non-esterified fatty acid levels in Japanese hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) inhibits dietary fat absorption in rats and exerts preventive effects on abdominal adiposity in rats and humans. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of LG2055 on postprandial serum lipid responses in Japanese subjects with hypertriacylglycerolemia after the intake of oral fat-loading test (OFLT) meals.
Acute effects of prior dietary fat ingestion on postprandial metabolic responses to protein and carbohydrate co-ingestion in overweight and obese men: A randomised crossover trial; Background: Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with an impaired sensitivity to anabolic stimuli such as dietary protein (anabolic resistance). Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may be protective against the deleterious effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) on insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess fat consumption to anabolic and insulin resistance and the interaction between SFA and n-3 PUFA is not well studied.
The effect of probiotics supplementation on blood pressure: a systemic review and meta-analysis; Background Fermented milk has over the last decade been intensively studied because of the putative antihypertensive effect. The aim of our study is to investigate the role of probiotics support therapy in blood pressure and, as a kind of convenient and economic drugs for prevention and auxiliary treatment of hypertension. Materials and methods We performed a systemic review and meta-analysis to examine the effect of probiotics consumption on blood pressure. Databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, Clinical trials, CNKI and the Cochrane library were searched. Also, the grey literature and references were searched. Results Twenty-three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2037 participants met the inclusion criteria and were included. Probiotic consumption significantly changed systolic blood pressure (SBP) by - 3.05 mmHg (95%CI: - 4.67, - 1.44; P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by - 1.51 mmHg (95%CI: - 2.38, - 0.65; P = 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that the benefit effect of probiotics supplementation in SBP was only observed in hypertension [weight mean difference (WMD) = - 3.31 mmHg, 95%CI: - 5.71, - 0.92; P = 0.007] or type 2 diabetes (WMD = -4.85 mmHg, 95%CI: - 9.28, - 0.42; P = 0.032) patients, and the decreased DBP level by probiotics supplementation was only observed in hypertension patients (WMD = -2.02 mmHg, 95%CI: - 3.68, - 0.36; P = 0.017).This effect could only last for a short-term time of 8 or 10 weeks, but not for a long-term time. Conclusion This meta-analysis found a moderate and statistically significant reduction for either SBP or DBP with probiotics supplement compared with controls. Thus, probiotics is a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Effect of dairy products on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Objective. - The aim of this randomized control trial was to assess the effect of dairy product (milk and yogurt) consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic patients.
Efficacy of Probiotics in Patients of Cardiovascular Disease Risk: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on outcomes associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors (high blood pressure, overweight BMI, high cholesterol and triglycerides, elevated HbA1c and serum glucose). All randomised controlled trials publish on PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Grey Literature and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) from 1990 to 2020 were systematically searched. The PEDro scale was used to assess the quality of studies. A total of 34 studies with 2177 adults were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were analysed for the pooled results. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found in the reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL-C, serum glucose, HbA1C and BMI; and elevation of HDL-C. No significant changes were observed in the outcome of triglycerides. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on the treatment of risk factors, with results favouring longer duration of treatment (> 1.5 months), use of alternate formulations (kefir and powder), higher dosage of probiotics (> 1.0 x 10(9) CFU), lower rate of study attrition (< 15%), double blinding of the study, diabetic patients and female populations. In summary, our meta-analysis showed a highly significant reduction in SBP, DBP associated with type 2 diabetes and in patients with diabetes mellitus, milk intake and more than 1.5 months duration intake. The effect on the reduction of total cholesterol LDL-C was associated with diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, yoghurt intake and less than 1.5 months probiotic intake. The effect on the reduction of glucose and HbA1c was associated with diabetes, small dosage of probiotics, milk type and less than 1.5 months duration intake. Additionally, probiotic supplement had a beneficial effect in reducing BMI associated with obesity, higher dosage intake of probiotics and more than 1.5 months duration of intake.
Worksite-based intensive lifestyle therapy has profound cardiometabolic benefits in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes; Lifestyle therapy (energy restriction and exercise) is the cornerstone of therapy for people with type 2 dia-betes (T2D) but is difficult to implement. We conducted an 8-month randomized controlled trial in persons with obesity and T2D (17 women and 1 man) to determine the therapeutic effects and potential mechanisms of intensive lifestyle therapy on cardiometabolic function. Intensive lifestyle therapy was conducted at the worksite to enhance compliance and resulted in marked (17%) weight loss and beneficial changes in body fat mass, intrahepatic triglyceride content, cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, glycemic control, b cell function, and multi-organ insulin sensitivity, which were associated with changes in muscle NAD+ biosynthesis, sirtuin signaling, and mitochondrial function and in adipose tissue remodeling. These findings demonstrate that intensive lifestyle therapy provided at the worksite has profound therapeutic clinical and physiological effects in people with T2D, which are likely mediated by specific alterations in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue biology.
Effects of n-6 PUFAs compared with SFAs on liver fat, lipoproteins, and inflammation in abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Replacing SFAs with vegetable PUFAs has cardiometabolic benefits, but the effects on liver fat are unknown. Increased dietary n-6 PUFAs have, however, also been proposed to promote inflammation-a yet unproven theory.
Reprint of: Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the substitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable diseases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA improves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
Co-Administration of Soluble Fibres and <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> NCDC19 Fermented Milk Prevents Adiposity and Insulin Resistance Via Modulation of Lipid Mobilization Genes in Diet-Induced Obese Mice; Background: Numerous reports explaining the beneficial health effects of soluble fibres and probiotics on lifestyle disorders have been published. However, a little information is available on coadministration of soluble fibres such as gum acacia & inulin and probiotic lactobacilli. Therefore, in the present study, we have evaluated the synergistic effects of soluble fibres and probiotic fermented milk on adiposity, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in C57BL/6 mice fed high-fat and sucrose diet for 18 weeks.
Effects of <i>cis</i>-9,<i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on insulin sensitivity, lipid peroxidation, and proinflammatory markers in obese men; Background: We recently showed that trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) causes insulin resistance in obese men. However, metabolic effects of the c9,t11 CLA isomer are still unknown in obese men. Because c9,t11 CLA is the predominant CLA isomer in foods and is included in dietary weight-loss products, it is important to conduct randomized controlled studies that use c9,t11 CLA preparations.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Inverse association between Paleolithic Diet Fraction and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmö Diet and Cancer Study; PurposePaleolithic Diet Fraction (PDF) estimates how large a portion of the absolute dietary intake stems from food groups included in the Paleolithic diet. In randomized controlled trials higher PDFs have been associated with healthier levels of cardiometabolic risk markers. Our aim was to build upon these findings by examining associations between PDF and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmo Diet and Cancer Study.MethodsPDF was calculated from an interview-based, modified diet history method, and associations were estimated by using multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression. The examined cohort consisted of 24,104 individuals (44-74 years, 63% women) without previous coronary events, diabetes, or stroke at baseline (1992-1996). A total of 10,092 individuals died during a median follow-up of 18 years.ResultsMedian PDF was 40% (0-90%). The adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for PDF as a continuous variable (from 0 to 100%) were for risk of death from all causes 0.55 [95% CI 0.45, 0.66], tumor 0.68 [95% CI 0.49, 0.93], cardiovascular 0.55 [95% CI 0.39, 0.78], respiratory 0.44 [95% CI 0.21, 0.90], neurological 0.26 [95% CI 0.11, 0.60], digestive, 0.10 [95% CI 0.03, 0.30], and other diseases 0.64 [95% CI 0.41, 1.00]. The corresponding HR for risk of coronary event was 0.61 [95% 0.43, 0.86], for ischemic stroke it was 0.73 [95% 0.48, 1.09] and for type 2 diabetes it was 0.82 [95% 0.61, 1.10].ConclusionObservational data suggest an inverse association between PDF and all-cause as well as cause-specific mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease.
Dietary fat reduction and breast cancer outcome: results from the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study (WINS); Given that existing epidemiologic data on the correlation between dietary fat and breast cancer have been mixed, the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study was launched in 1987. This randomized clinical trial of 2437 women between the ages of 48 and 79 y with early-stage breast cancer tested the hypothesis that dietary fat reduction would increase the relapse-free survival rate. The study determined that low-fat dietary interventions can influence body weight and decrease breast cancer recurrence. Results showing a differential effect of diet on hormone-receptor-positive and -negative disease suggest that metabolic mechanisms involving insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 may be involved in tumorigenesis. The results of the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study may therefore contribute to knowledge of the role of insulin resistance in cancer risk.
The Effect of Fortified <i>Dadih</i> (Fermented Buffalo Milk) with Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on Caecum Short Chain Fatty Acids (SCFA) Concentration and HOMA-IR of T2DM-Rats; The prevalence of T2DM continues to increase along the years. Probiotics and vitamin D have antidiabetic effects and a synergism between them is evident. Fermented milk such as dadih is a great source of probiotics, specifically lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Probiotics are involved in the formation of short-chainfattyacids (SCFA) which canincrease insulin production and improve Homeostasis Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR). The objective of this study was to investigatethe effect of vitamin D-3-fortified dadih on caecum SCFA concentration and HOMA-IR of T2DM-induced \Nistarrats. A total of thirty rats were randomly split into five-groups:four diabetic groups (C2, T1, T2, and T-3) and one healthy control group (C1). Intervention groups were either given vitamin D-3 (T1), unfortified dadih (T2), or vitamin D-3-enriched dadih (T-3). Concentration of SCFA, glucose, and insulin were measured by gas chromatography, GOD-POD, and ELISA, respectively. T-3 group showed significantly lower fasting blood glucose and higher insulin than T1 or T2 at post-intervention. The HOMA-IR index at the end of intervention indicated that T-3 was significantly different from T1. Total caecum SCFA and butyrate concentrations were significantly higher in T-3 than T1 or T2. The HOMA-IR had an inverse correlation with totalcaecum SCFA (r=-0.600, p=0.001) and butyrate concentration (r= -0.692, p=0.000). The decreased insulin resistance might be partially attributed to totalcaecum SCFA and butyrate concentrations. In conclusion, vitamin D-3-fortified dadih had better efficacy in improving glycemicstatus, insulin, and SCFAconcentration, leading to improved insulin resistance in T2DM rats.
Oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and lactation: A paradigm shift?; OBJECTIVE: To provide information on the use of oral antidiabetic agents in pregnancy and breast-feeding.
Effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic parameters and apelin in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common causes of infertility in women of reproductive age. Insulin resistance is a main pathophysiologic feature in these patients. According to some studies, the intake of probiotic bacteria may improve glucose homoeostasis. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of synbiotics on metabolic parameters and apelin in PCOS patients. This randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial was conducted on eighty-eight PCOS women aged 19-37 years old. The participants were randomly assigned to two groups receiving (1) synbiotic supplement (n 44), and (2) placebo (n 44) for 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 12 weeks. The two groups showed no difference in fasting blood sugar (adjusted mean difference: 0.60; 95 % CI -3.80, 5.00, P = 0.727), plasma glucose fasting 2-h (adjusted mean difference 2.09; 95 % CI -9.96, 14.15, P = 0.134), HbA1c (adjusted mean difference 0.06; 95 % CI -0.09, 0.22, P = 0.959), homoeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (adjusted mean difference: 0.02; 95 % CI -0.99, 1.03, P = 0.837), quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (adjusted mean difference: -0.02; 95 % CI -0.33, 0.29, P = 0.940) and C-reactive protein (CRP) (adjusted mean difference: 0.24; 95 % CI -1.61, 2.08, P = 0.141) by the end of the intervention. A significant difference was observed in the mean apelin 36 before and after the intervention between synbiotic and placebo groups (adjusted mean difference: -4.05; 95 % CI -7.15, -0.96, P = 0.004). A 12-week synbiotic supplementation has no significant beneficial effects on HOMA-IR and CRP in PCOS patients, whereas the level of apelin 36 significantly decreased.
Effect of high-protein vs. high-fat snacks before lunch on glycemic variability in prediabetes: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: China has the largest number of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), and it tends to increasingly grow in the future, putting an enormous burden on disease control and prevention in China. While glycemic variability (GV) came to be an important indicator of blood glucose control in diabetic patients, studies suggested that premeal snacks may help blood glucose control, but there are still some problems to be researched. Therefore, we designed this trial to evaluate which kind of premeal snacks would lead to better effects on GV under two diet patterns in pre-diabetes subjects and to evaluate assessments of acceptability and compliance, behavior, and metabolism changes in individuals will be described. Methods and analysis: The study is a single-center, open-label, multiparallel group, randomized controlled trial. A total of 32 male and female volunteers will be randomized into 4 groups in a single allocated ratio of soy milk (powder) snack, milk (powder) snack, almonds snack, and placebo control with 250 ml of water taken 30 min before lunch, respectively. The study consists of two intervention periods over 11 days. The first intervention period under habitual diet conditions from D3 to D6 (4 days), during which all subjects are asked to maintain their habitual eating and daily activities similar to the run-in period. The second intervention consists of prelunch snacks with standard meals. We will examine both the effect of GV and various metabolic and behavioral outcomes potentially associated with the interventions. At the end of this study, we will assess the acceptability and maintainability of the intervention through interviews.
The effects of replacing ghee with rapeseed oil on liver steatosis and enzymes, lipid profile, insulin resistance and anthropometric measurements in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised controlled clinical trial; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), which is a prevalent hepatic condition worldwide, is expected to develop into the leading reason for end-stage fatty liver in the forthcoming decades. Incorporating rapeseed oil into a balanced diet may be beneficial in improving NAFLD. The goal of this trial was to evaluate the impact of substituting ghee with rapeseed oil on primary outcomes such as fatty liver and liver enzymes, as well as on secondary outcomes including glycaemic variables, lipid profile and anthropometric measurements in individuals with NAFLD. Over 12 weeks, 110 patients (seventy men and forty women; BMI (mean) 28<middle dot>2 (sd 1<middle dot>6 kg/m(2)); mean age 42 (sd 9<middle dot>6) years), who daily consumed ghee, were assigned to the intervention or control group through random allocation. The intervention group was advised to substitute ghee with rapeseed oil in the same amount. The control group continued the consumption of ghee and was instructed to adhere to a healthy diet. Results showed a significant reduction in the steatosis in the intervention group in comparison with the control group (P < 0<middle dot>001). However, a significant change in the levels of alanine aminotransferase (-14<middle dot>4 mu g/l), gamma-glutamyl transferase (-1<middle dot>8 mu g/l), TAG (-39<middle dot>7 mg/dl), total cholesterol (-17<middle dot>2 mg/dl), LDL (-7<middle dot>5 mg/dl), fasting blood glucose (-7<middle dot>5 mg/dl), insulin (-3<middle dot>05 mU/l), Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (-0<middle dot>9), Quantitative Insulin-Sensitivity Check Index (+0<middle dot>01), weight (-4<middle dot>3 kg), BMI (-0<middle dot>04 kg/m(2)), waist (-5<middle dot>6 cm) and waist:height ratio (-0<middle dot>04) was seen in the intervention group. The consumption of rapeseed oil instead of ghee caused improvements in liver steatosis and enzymes, glycaemic variables and anthropometric measurements among individuals with NAFLD.
Effects of<i> Anethum</i><i> graveolens</i> (dill) and its derivatives on controlling cardiovascular risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Previous studies have demonstrated that the supplementation of Anethum graveolens (dill) could affect the metabolic indices. Thus, the present study summarizes all of the published clinical studies which evaluate the efficacy of dill administration on cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: The clinical trials were found using Scopus, Embase, PubMed and ISI Web of Science databases; these were searched to infinity until August 2020. Mean differences (MD) were pooled using a random-effects model. Publication bias, sensitivity analysis, and heterogeneity were assessed using standard methods. Results: Results demonstrated that the administration of dill and its derivatives, led to a significant change in the fasting insulin (WMD: -2.34 mg/dl; 95% CI: -3.70, -0.99; P = 0.001), HOMA-IR (WMD: -1.07; 95% CI: -1.96, -0.17; P = 0.019), and LDL serum levels (WMD: -9.36 mg/dl; 95% CI: -14.45, -4.27; P < 0.001), unlike fasting blood sugar (P = 0.501), weight (P = 0.650), body mass index (P = 0.846), HDL (P = 0.813), TG (P = 0.385) or TC concentration (P = 0.075). Subgroup analysis indicated that dill administration significantly reduce LDL levels in eight and more than eight weeks of intervention, in dill extract intervention versus powder form, and in cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus versus hyperlipidemia or metabolic syndrome patients. Another subgroup analysis revealed that dill supplementation significantly decreased TG concentrations in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight rather than obese individuals. In the same results, a subgroup analysis showed that dill administration significantly decreased TC levels in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight individuals but not in other populations. Conclusion: Dill administration significantly reduces fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and LDL levels.
Vitamin D deficiency in British South Asians, a persistent but avoidable problem associated with many health risks (including rickets, T2DM, CVD, COVID-19 and pregnancy complications): the case for correcting this deficiency; High vitamin D deficiency rates, with rickets and osteomalacia, have been common in South Asians (SAs) arriving in Britain since the 1950s with preventable infant deaths from hypocalcaemic status-epilepticus and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D deficiency increases common SA disorders (type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease), recent trials and non-linear Mendelian randomisation studies having shown deficiency to be causal for both disorders. Ethnic minority, obesity, diabetes and social deprivation are recognised COVID-19 risk factors, but vitamin D deficiency is not, despite convincing mechanistic evidence of it. Adjusting analyses for obesity/ethnicity abolishes vitamin D deficiency in COVID-19 risk prediction, but both factors lower serum 25(OH)D specifically. Social deprivation inadequately explains increased ethnic minority COVID-19 risks. SA vitamin D deficiency remains uncorrected after 70 years, official bodies using 'education', 'assimilation' and 'diet' as 'proxies' for ethnic differences and increasing pressures to assimilate. Meanwhile, English rickets was abolished from similar to 1940 by free 'welfare foods' (meat, milk, eggs, cod liver oil), for all pregnant/nursing mothers and young children (<5 years old). Cod liver oil was withdrawn from antenatal clinics in 1994 (for excessive vitamin A teratogenicity), without alternative provision. The take-up of the 2006 'Healthy-Start' scheme of food-vouchers for low-income families with young children (<3 years old) has been poor, being inaccessible and poorly publicised. COVID-19 pandemic advice for UK adults in 'lockdown' was '400 IU vitamin D/day', inadequate for correcting the deficiency seen winter/summer at 17.5%/5.9% in White, 38.5%/30% in Black and 57.2%/50.8% in SA people in representative UK Biobank subjects when recruited similar to 14 years ago and remaining similar in 2018. Vitamin D inadequacy worsens many non-skeletal health risks. Not providing vitamin D for preventing SA rickets and osteomalacia continues to be unacceptable, as deficiency-related health risks increase ethnic health disparities, while abolishing vitamin D deficiency would be easier and more cost-effective than correcting any other factor worsening ethnic minority health in Britain.
Multiple effects of probiotics on different types of diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled trials; Background: A systematic review and meta-analysis was designed to evaluate the effect of probiotics on diabetes and its associated risk factors.
Effects of Ready-to-Eat-Cereals on Key Nutritional and Health Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Background
The effects of soymilk plus probiotics supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveType 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. This study aimed to assess the effects of soymilk plus probiotics co-administration on cardiovascular risk factors in T2DM patients.MethodsOne hundred patients with T2DM (aged 40-75 years old) were randomly assigned into 4 groups (soymilk + probiotics supplement, soymilk + placebo, conventional milk + placebo, and probiotics supplement) for 6 weeks. Standard protocols were followed for the collection of fasting blood samples, dietary intakes, and anthropometric measurements.ResultsIt was shown that soymilk + probiotics consumption significantly decreased diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (p = 0.001), triglycerides (TG) (P < 0.001), total cholesterol (TC) (p < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.003) levels and significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 0.002) levels. Soymilk + placebo administration significantly decreased DBP (p = 0.01), insulin (p = 0.006), and TG (p = 0.001) levels and significantly increased HDL-C (p = 0.03) levels. A significant decrease in insulin (p = 0.003) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (p = 0.01) levels and an increase in HDL-C (p = 0.04) levels were observed after supplementation with probiotics. Findings from between-group comparisons showed a significant decrease in SBP levels in the probiotics supplement group compared to conventional milk group (p < 0.05).ConclusionSoymilk and probiotics consumption might improve some cardiovascular risk factors in patients with T2DM. However, possible synergic effects while consumption of soymilk plus probiotics supplement didn't show in this study which warranted further research.
Probiotic yogurt improves body mass index and fasting insulin levels without affecting serum leptin and adiponectin levels in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); There is evidence of possible beneficial effects of probiotic products in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Here the effects of probiotic yogurt consumption on obesity values, fasting insulin, insulin resistance, and serum leptin and adiponectin levels in NAFLD patients were investigated by a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two subjects, aged between 23 and 63 years, were divided into two groups. Subjects consumed either 300 g/day of probiotic yogurt or 300 g/day of conventional yogurt for 8 weeks. Probiotic yogurt consumption resulted in a significant reduction in weight, body mass index, and serum levels of fasting insulin as compared with that in the control group. No significant changes were observed in waist circumference, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance, serum leptin, adiponectin, and leptin to adiponectin ratio in both groups. Our study suggests that probiotic yogurt consumption improved body mass index and insulin levels and may be applicable in reducing risk factors of NAFLD. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of dry period energy intake on insulin resistance, metabolic adaptation, and production responses in transition dairy cows on grass silage-based diets; High energy intake in the dry period has reportedly had adverse effects on mobilization of body reserves, dry matter intake, and productivity of dairy cows. We investigated whether grass silage (GS) fed ad libitum (high energy intake, HEI; 141% of daily metabolizable energy requirements) in an 8-wk dry period affects metabolic adaptation-specifically, peripheral insulin resistance-compared with a total mixed ration consisting of GS, wheat straw, and rapeseed meal (55/40/5%; controlled energy intake, CEI; 108% of metabolizable energy/d) fed ad libitum. Multiparous Ayrshire dairy cows (n = 16) were used in a randomized complete block design until 8 wk after parturition. Commercial concentrates were fed 1 and 2 kg/d during the last 10 to 6 and 5 to 0 d before the expected calving date, respectively. Postpartum, a similar lactation diet with ad libitum access to GS and increasing concentrate allowance (maximum of 16 kg/d) was offered to all. The HEI group gained more body weight and had higher plasma insulin, glucose, and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations than the CEI group prepartum. Postpartal plasma glucose tended to be higher and milk yield was greater from wk 5 onward for HEI compared with CEI cows. An intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed at -13 +/- 5 d and 9 +/- 1 d relative to calving. The HEI cows had greater insulin response to glucose load and smaller area under the response curve for glucose than CEI cows in prepartal IVGTT. Thus, compensatory insulin secretion adapted to changes in insulin sensitivity of the peripheral tissues, preserving glucose tolerance of HEI cows. Higher insulin levels were needed in HEI cows than in CEI cows to elicit a similar decrement of nonesterified fatty acid concentration in prepartal wurr, suggesting reduced inhibition of lipolysis by insulin in HEI cows before parturition. In conclusion, high energy intake of moderately digestible GS with low concentrate feeding in the close-up dry period did not have adverse effects on metabolic adaptation, insulin sensitivity, and body mobilization after parturition. Instead, this feeding regimen was more beneficial to early-lactation performance than GS-based total mixed ration diluted with wheat straw.
The Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Markers of Blood Lipids, and Blood Pressure in Patients with Prediabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Prediabetes is a high-risk condition for type 2 diabetes mellitus. The growing prevalence of diabetes emphasizes on the necessity of concentrating on various strategies to prediabetes prevention and management. Probiotics as a group of functional foods might exert antidiabetic effects. This study aimed to assess the effects of probiotic administration on blood lipid profile and blood pressure in patients with prediabetes.
Effects of a lupin protein concentrate on lipids, blood pressure and insulin resistance in moderately dyslipidaemic patients: A randomised controlled trial; The study had the objective of evaluating the effects of a lupin protein concentrate on plasma lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors, e.g. blood pressure and insulin resistance, compared to a skimmed milk powder. Fifty subjects followed a randomised, parallel, double-blind, single-centre study, consisting in a 12 -week intervention: half of the participants consumed a lupin protein concentrate (30 g/day of protein), the other half a lactose-free skimmed milk powder (30 g/day of protein), both integrated into a mixed low-lipid diet. At the end of intervention, both groups showed similar reductions of total cholesterol concentrations versus baseline (-6.7%, and 7.2%, respectively), but the reductions of LDL-cholesterol (-8.0%), non-HDL-cholesterol (-7.5%), and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) (-12.7%) levels were statistically significant only after the lupin diet. A significant reduction of HDL-cholesterol concentration was observed only after the milk diet. The differences between the two groups, however, were not statistically significant. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Differential effects of protein intake versus intake of a defined oligopeptide on FGF-21 in obese human subjects <i>in vivo</i>; Background: FGF-21 is described as a powerful metabolic regulator with beneficial effects including glucose-lowering and improvement of insulin sensitivity without hypoglycaemia. On the other hand, FGF-21 is activated when muscle and other tissues are stressed by external effects or internal cellular pathogens that lead to shortcomings in metabolic balance. Previous results suggested that FGF-21 could be a promising target to develop future metabolic therapeutics.
The Effect of Canola Oil on Body Weight and Composition: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Clinical Trials; A number of clinical trials have examined the effect of canola oil (CO) on body composition in recent years; however, the results have been inconsistent. The present investigation aims to examine the effect of CO on body weight (BW) and body composition using a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials. Online databases including PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched up to February, 2018 for randomized controlled clinical trials that examined the effect of CO on anthropometric measures and body composition indexes in adults. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was used to assess the risk of bias in individual studies. A random-effects model was used to evaluate the effect of CO consumption on several outcomes: BW, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, android-to-gynoid ratio, and body lean and fat mass. In total, 25 studies were included in the systematic review. The meta-analysis revealed that CO consumption reduces BW [weighted mean difference (WMD)=-0.30 kg; 95% CI: -0.52, -0.08 kg, P = 0.007; n = 23 effect sizes], particularly in participants with type 2 diabetes (WMD = -0.63 kg; 95% CI: -1.09, -0.17 kg, P = 0.007), in studies with a parallel design (WMD = -0.49 kg; 95% CI: -0.85, -0.14 kg, P = 0.006), in nonfeeding trials (WMD = -0.32 kg; 95% CI: -0.55, -0.09 kg, P = 0.006), and when compared with saturated fat (WMD = -0.40 kg; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.06 kg, P = 0.019). CO consumption did not significantly affect any other anthropometric measures or body fat markers (P > 0.05). Although CO consumption results in a modest decrease in BW, no significant effect was observed on other adiposity indexes. Further well-constructed clinical trials that target BW and body composition as their primary outcomes are needed.
No Effect of Added Sugar Consumed at Median American Intake Level on Glucose Tolerance or Insulin Resistance; Excess sugar consumption may promote adverse changes in hepatic and total body insulin resistance. Debate continues over the effects of sugars at more typically consumed levels and whether the identity of the sugar consumed is important. In the present study participants (20-60 years old) were randomly assigned to one of five groups, three that consumed low fat milk with added fructose containing sugars in amounts equivalent to the 50th percentile of fructose consumption (US), one which consumed low-fat milk sweetened with glucose, and one unsweetened low-fat milk control group. The intervention lasted ten weeks. In the entire study population there was less than 1 kg increase in weight (73.6 +/- 13.0 vs. 74.5 +/- 13.3 kg, p < 0.001), but the change in weight was comparable among groups (p > 0.05). There were no changes in fasting glucose (49 +/- 0.4 vs. 5.0 +/- 0.5 mmol/L), insulin (56.9 +/- 38.9 vs. 61.8 +/- 50.0 pmol/L), or insulin resistance, as measured by the Homeostasis Model Assessment method (1.8 +/- 1.3 vs. 2.0 +/- 1.5, all p > 0.05). These data suggest that added sugar consumed at the median American intake level does not produce changes in measures of insulin sensitivity or glucose tolerance and that no sugar has more deleterious effects than others.
Effect of milk protein intake and casein-to-whey ratio in breakfast meals on postprandial glucose, satiety ratings, and subsequent meal intake; Whey and casein proteins differentially affect postprandial blood glucose and satiety mechanisms, with relevance for type 2 diabetes and obesity. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to investigate the effect of the casein-to-whey protein ratio and total protein concentration of milks consumed with cereal on postprandial blood glucose, appetite ratings, and subsequent food intake in a randomized, controlled, double-blinded study with healthy young adults (n = 32, 23.4 +/- 3.1 yr, body mass index = 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)). Fasted participants consumed milk (250 mL) with either 80:20 or 40:60 (modified) casein-to-whey protein ratios at commercially normal (3.1%, wt) or high protein (9.3%, wt) concentration, or control (water with whey permeate), each along with 2 servings of oat-based breakfast cereal. Blood glucose concentrations were determined from finger prick blood samples and appetite was assessed using visual analog scales. Participants consumed a measured ad libitum pizza lunch at 120 min and blood glucose determination and appetite assessment continued following the lunch meal (140-200 min) to observe the second meal effect. Pre-lunch (0-120 min) incremental area under the curve (iAUC) and mean change from baseline blood glucose were reduced with consumption of all milk treatments relative to control. However, we found no differences between all treatments on pre-lunch appetite change from baseline and total area under the curve (tAUC) or lunch meal food intake. In terms of protein concentration results, high protein (9.3%, wt) treatments contrasted to normal protein (3.1%, wt) treatments lowered blood glucose change from baseline and iAUC, and post-lunch appetite change from baseline and tAUC. Protein ratio showed a modest effect in that modified (40:60) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch blood glucose change from baseline but not iAUC, and normal (80:20) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch appetite change from baseline but not tAUC. Therefore, high-carbohydrate breakfast meals with increased protein concentration (9.3%, wt) could be a dietary strategy for the attenuation of blood glucose and improved satiety ratings after the second meal.
Cardiovascular benefits of combined interval training and post-exercise nutrition in type 2 diabetes; Aim: The purpose of this study was to examine whether the combination of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and post-exercise protein supplementation would improve cardiovascular outcomes in individuals with T2D.
Physical, textural and sensory characteristics of reduced sucrose cakes, incorporated with clean-label sugar-replacing alternative ingredients; High levels of sucrose in foods present a great risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Therefore a low sucrose intake is strongly recommended. Sweet baked products incorporate high levels of sucrose. Sucrose in the original cake formulation was reduced and replaced with apple pomace, whey permeate, oligofructose, polydextrose. An acceptable sucrose reduction of between 21 and 27% was achieved. Cakes containing apple pomace had the lowest specific volume (1.8 cm(3)/g) and highest crumb firmness (8.60 N) (P < .05). Apple pomace and whey permeate had a significantly decreased L* values of the crust (P < .05). Moisture content of the cake crumb was increased significantly with the addition of oligofructose, whey permeate and polydextrose. All treatments resulted in a significant increase of the water activity of the cake crumb compared to the control (P < .05). Crumb cell structure was maintained as shown by 2-D and confocal imaging. Sensory trials revealed the reformulated cakes were acceptable to panellists.
Composite probiotics alleviate type 2 diabetes by regulating intestinal microbiota and inducing GLP-1 secretion in db/db mice; Backgroud/Aim: Previous studies have found that probiotic fermented camel milk has anti-diabetic effect by inducing (glucagon-like peptide-1) GLP-1 secretion. Probiotics are valuable in prevention and treatment of diabetes. As a result, our team islolated 14 probiotics from fermented camel milk. These probiotics have beneficial characteristics, but the possible anti-diabetic mechanisms remains unclear. The present study aimed to explore the possoble anti-diabetic mechanisms of 14 probiotics.
Effects of 12-Week Ingestion of Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 on Glucose Metabolism and Chronic Inflammation in Prediabetic Adults: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; The ingestion of Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells improved glucose metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and in a preliminary clinical study. We aimed to clarify the effect of OLL2712 on glucose metabolism and chronic inflammation for healthy adults. Prediabetic adults (n = 130, age range: 20-64 years) were randomly assigned to either the placebo or OLL2712 groups (n = 65 each) and were administered conventional yogurt or yogurt containing more than 5 x 10(9) heat-treated OLL2712 cells, respectively, daily for 12 weeks. Reduced HbA1c levels after 12 weeks of treatment were observed in both groups compared to those at baseline; however, the 12-week reduction of HbA1c levels was significantly greater in the OLL2712 group than in the placebo group. Increased chronic inflammation marker levels and insulin-resistant index (HOMA-IR) occurred in the placebo group but not in the OLL2712 group. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels did not change significantly in both groups; however, in subgroup analyses including participants with higher FBG levels, FBG levels were significantly reduced only in the OLL2712 group compared to baseline. These results suggest that OLL2712 cell ingestion can reduce HbA1c levels and can prevent the aggravation of chronic inflammation and insulin resistance.
Diet affects glycosylation of serum proteins in women at risk for cardiometabolic disease; Background: Glycoproteomics deals with glycoproteins that are formed by post-translational modification when sugars (like fucose and sialic acid) are attached to protein. Glycosylation of proteins influences function, but whether glycosylation is altered by diet is unknown.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study; Background: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes. Purpose: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial. Methods: This was the data fromapan-India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories; 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas. Results: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P )with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247). Conclusion: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty-eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8weeks. An inflammatory adipokineProgranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor-soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys-C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys-C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P=0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P=0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P=0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity: a 6-mo double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or untreated early diabetes; Background: In vitro and animal studies have suggested that soy protein and isoflavones have favorable effects on glucose and insulin regulation, but intervention studies in humans are limited, and the results are controversial.
Effects of Probiotics on Glycemic Control and Metabolic Parameters in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objectives: To assess the effects of probiotic supplements on glycemic control and metabolic parameters in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by performing a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. The primary outcome was glycemic control, i.e., serum glucose and insulin levels. Secondary outcomes were maternal weight gain, neonatal birth weight, and lipid parameters. Weighted mean difference (WMD) was used. Cochrane's Q test of heterogeneity and I-2 were used to assess heterogeneity. Results: Of the 843 papers retrieved, 14 (n = 854 women) met the inclusion criteria and were analyzed. When compared with placebo, women receiving probiotic supplements had significantly lower mean fasting serum glucose, fasting serum insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglycerides, total cholesterol, and VLDL levels. Decreased neonatal birth weight was witnessed in supplements containing Lactobacillus acidophilus. Conclusion: Probiotic supplements may improve glycemic control and lipid profile and reduce neonatal birth weight in women with GDM.
Evidence for a causal association between milk intake and cardiometabolic disease outcomes using a two-sample Mendelian Randomization analysis in up to 1,904,220 individuals; Background High milk intake has been associated with cardio-metabolic risk. We conducted a Mendelian Randomization (MR) study to obtain evidence for the causal relationship between milk consumption and cardio-metabolic traits using the lactase persistence (LCT-13910 C > T, rs4988235) variant as an instrumental variable. Methods We tested the association of LCT genotype with milk consumption (for validation) and with cardio-metabolic traits (for a possible causal association) in a meta-analysis of the data from three large-scale population-based studies (1958 British Birth Cohort, Health and Retirement study, and UK Biobank) with up to 417,236 participants and using summary statistics from consortia meta-analyses on intermediate traits (N = 123,665-697,307) and extended to cover disease endpoints (N = 86,995-149,821). Results In the UK Biobank, carriers of 'T' allele of LCT variant were more likely to consume milk (P = 7.02 x 10(-14)). In meta-analysis including UK Biobank, the 1958BC, the HRS, and consortia-based studies, under an additive model, 'T' allele was associated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Pmeta-analysis = 4.68 x 10(-12)) and lower total cholesterol (TC) (P = 2.40 x 10(-36)), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 2.08 x 10(-26)) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 9.40 x 10(-13)). In consortia meta-analyses, 'T' allele was associated with a lower risk of coronary artery disease (OR:0.86, 95% CI:0.75-0.99) but not with type 2 diabetes (OR:1.06, 95% CI:0.97-1.16). Furthermore, the two-sample MR analysis showed a causal association between genetically instrumented milk intake and higher BMI (P = 3.60 x 10(-5)) and body fat (total body fat, leg fat, arm fat and trunk fat; P < 1.37 x 10(-6)) and lower LDL-C (P = 3.60 x 10(-6)), TC (P = 1.90 x 10(-6)) and HDL-C (P = 3.00 x 10(-5)). Conclusions Our large-scale MR study provides genetic evidence for the association of milk consumption with higher BMI but lower serum cholesterol levels. These data suggest no need to limit milk intakes with respect to cardiovascular disease risk, with the suggested benefits requiring confirmation in further studies.
Camel milk ameliorates steatohepatitis, insulin resistance and lipid peroxidation in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Camel milk (CM) is gaining increasing recognition due to its beneficial effects in the control and prevention of multiple health problems. The current study aimed to investigate the effects of CM on the hepatic biochemical and cellular alterations induced by a high-fat, cholesterol-rich diet (HCD), specifically, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
A randomized trial evaluating the effects of change in dairy food consumption on cardio-metabolic risk factors; Background It is currently not known whether dairy food influences the risk of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. This study evaluates effects of changing dairy intake on cardio-metabolic risk factors.
Milk protects against sarcopenic obesity due to increase in the genus <i>Akkermansia</i> in faeces of <i>db/db</i> mice; BackgroundSarcopenic obesity, a combination of sarcopenia and obesity, is a pathological feature of type 2 diabetes. Several human studies have shown that milk is useful in the prevention of sarcopenia. This study was aimed at clarifying the effect of milk on the prevention of sarcopenic obesity in db/db mice. MethodsA randomized and investigator-blinded study was conducted using male db/db mice. Eight-week-old db/db mice were housed for 8 weeks and fed milk (100 mu L/day) using a sonde. The faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) group received antibiotics for 2 weeks, starting at 6 weeks of age, followed by FMT twice a week until 16 weeks of age. ResultsMilk administration to db/db mice increased grip strength (Milk-: 164.2 +/- 4.7 g, Milk+: 230.2 +/- 56.0 g, P = 0.017), muscle mass (soleus muscle, Milk-: 164.2 +/- 4.7 mg, Milk+: 230.2 +/- 56.0 mg, P < 0.001; plantaris muscle, Milk-: 13.3 +/- 1.2 mg, Milk+: 16.0 +/- 1.7 mg, P < 0.001) and decreased visceral fat mass (Milk-: 2.39 +/- 0.08 g, Milk+: 1.98 +/- 0.04 mg, P < 0.001), resulting in a significant increase in physical activity (light: P = 0.013, dark: P = 0.034). FMT from mice fed milk not only improved sarcopenic obesity but also significantly improved glucose intolerance. Microarray analysis of gene expression in the small intestine revealed that the expression of amino acid absorption transporter genes, namely, SIc7a5 (P = 0.010), SIc7a1 (P = 0.015), Ppp1r15a (P = 0.041) and SIc7a11 (P = 0.029), was elevated in mice fed milk. In 16S rRNA sequencing of gut microbiota, the genus Akkermansia was increased in both the mice fed milk and the FMT group from the mice fed milk. ConclusionsThe findings of this study suggest that besides increasing the intake of nutrients, such as amino acids, milk consumption also changes the intestinal environment, which might contribute to the mechanism of milk-induced improvement of sarcopenic obesity.
The glycaemic index and insulinaemic index of commercially available breakfast and snack foods in an Asian population; A low-glycaemic-index (GI) breakfast has been shown to lower blood glucose levels throughout the day. A wide variety of breakfast foods are consumed, but their GI values are largely unknown, hence limiting consumers' ability to select healthier options. This study investigated the GI values of ten common breakfast (five Asian and five Western) foods in this region using a randomised, cross-over study design. Participants arrived after an overnight fast, and fasting blood sample was taken before participants consumed test foods. Next, blood samples were taken at fixed intervals for 180 min. Glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to test foods were calculated as incremental AUC over 120 min, which were subsequently reported as glycaemic and insulinaemic indices. In all, nineteen healthy men (nine Chinese and ten Indians) aged 24.7 (SEM 0.4) years with a BMI of 21.7 (SEM 0.4) kg/m(2) completed the study. Asian breakfast foods were of medium (white bun filled with red bean paste= 58 (SEM 4); Chinese steamed white bun = 58 (SEM 3)) to high GI (rice idli = 85 (SEM 4); rice dosa =76 (SEM 5); upma = 71 (SEM 6)), whereas Western breakfast foods were all of low GI (whole-grain biscuit= 54 (SEM 5); whole-grain biscuit filled with peanut butter = 44 (SEM 3); whole-grain oat muesli = 55 (SEM 4); whole-grain oat protein granola = 51 (SEM 4); whole-grain protein cereal = 49 (SEM 3)). The GI of test foods negatively correlated with protein (r(s) - 0.366), fat (r(s) - 0.268) and dietary fibre (r(s) - 0.422) (all P<0.001). GI values from this study contribute to the worldwide. GI database, and may assist healthcare professionals in recommending low-GI breakfast to assist in lower daily glycaemia among Asians who are susceptible to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Nutrition Quality and Microbiology of Goat Milk Kefir Fortified with Vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and Vitamin D<sub>3</sub> during Storage; Goat milk kefir fortified vitamin B12 and vitamin D3 can be an alternative to improve insulin resistance. Fortification of vitamin B12 and vitamin D3 could affect the balance of complex ecosystems of bacteria and yeasts in goat milk kefir. We analyzed the nutritional quality and microbiology of goat milk kefir during storage. This experiment was done with completely randomized design consisted of five treatments, ie storage day 0, 3rd, 6th, 9th, and 15th. Vitamin B12, vitamin D3, protein were analyzed using spectrophotometric, fat using babcock method, total lactic acid bacteria using total plate count, pH with pH meter, and viscosity using ostwald method. During 15 days in refrigerated storage, there was no significant difference (p>0,05) of vitamin B12 concentration, protein, fat, and viscosity of kefir. Storage time of the final product caused the decrease of vitamin D3 concentration between day 9 and 15 (p=0,038), pH (p=0,023), and total lactic acid of kefir (p=0,0001). Total lactic acid bacteria increased until 9 days of storage (6161 +/- 1.296x107cfu / ml), but decreased to 24% on day 15 (150 +/- 7.78x107cfu / ml). pH kefir tends to fluctuate during storage with the highest pH value of 4,38 on day-3, and lowest 4.13 on day-9.
Diabetes Mellitus and the Benefit of Antiresorptive Therapy on Fracture Risk; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is associated with increased risk of fractures. However, it is unclear whether current osteoporosis treatments reduce fractures in individuals with diabetes. The aim of the study was to determine whether presence of T2D influences the efficacy of antiresorptive treatment for osteoporosis using the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health (FNIH)-American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR)-Study to Advance Bone Mineral Density (BMD) as a Regulatory Endpoint (SABRE) cohort, which includes individual patient data from randomized trials of osteoporosis therapies. In this study we included 96,385 subjects, 6.8% of whom had T2D, from nine bisphosphonate trials, two selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) trials, two trials of menopausal hormone therapy, one denosumab trial, and one odanacatib trial. We used Cox regression to obtain the treatment hazard ratio (HR) for incident nonvertebral, hip, and all fractures and logistic regression to obtain the treatment odds ratio (OR) for incident morphometric vertebral fractures, separately for T2D and non-DM. We used linear regression to estimate the effect of treatment on 2-year change in BMD (n = 49,099) and 3-month to 12-month change in bone turnover markers (n = 12,701) by diabetes status. In all analyses, we assessed the interaction between treatment and diabetes status. In pooled analyses of all 15 trials, we found that diabetes did not impact treatment efficacy, with similar reductions in vertebral, nonvertebral, all, and hip fractures, increases in total hip and femoral neck BMD, and reductions in serum C-terminal cross-linking telopeptide (CTX), urinary N-telopeptide of type I collagen/creatinine (NTX/Cr) and procollagen type 1 N propeptide (P1NP) (all interactions p > 0.05). We found similar results for the pooled analysis of bisphosphonate trials. However, when we considered trials individually, we found a few interactions within individual studies between diabetes status and the effects of denosumab and odanacatib on fracture risk, change in BMD or bone turnover markers (BTMs). In sum, these results provide strong evidence that bisphosphonates and most licensed antiresorptive drugs are effective at reducing fracture risk and increasing BMD irrespective of diabetes status. (c) 2022 The Authors. Journal of Bone and Mineral Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR).
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Body Mass Index, Metabolic and Inflammatory Biomarkers, and Appetite in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Triple-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; It has been shown recently that metabolic syndrome is associated with gut dysbiosis. The gut microbiota may be the main target for prevention or treatment of metabolic syndrome. We investigated the effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic syndrome. In this triple-blinded clinical trial, 46 Iranian patients with metabolic syndrome, from both sexes, aged 25-70 years, who fulfilled inclusion criteria were randomly categorized to receive either the synbiotic or a placebo capsule, twice a day for three months, plus a weight-loss diet using stratified random sampling based on body mass index (BMI). Each synbiotic capsule consisted of seven strains probiotic bacteria (2x 10(8)) plus fructooligosaccharide as a prebiotic. Anthropometric measurements and biochemical tests were assessed at baseline and at the end of week 12 for fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin, lipid profile, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), peptide YY (PYY), and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). The mean changes of weight, BMI, FBS, insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and GLP-1 between the two groups was statistically significant (p < .001). Furthermore, peptide YY (PYY) increased significantly in the synbiotic group (p <= .05). The trend of weight loss in the synbiotic group was significant until the end of the study (p < .001) while it stopped at week 6 in the placebo group. Synbiotic treatment may improve the status of BMI, FBS, insulin resistance, HOMA-IR, GLP-1, and PYY in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of Addition of Fibercreme® to Precooked Rice Physical and Sensory Characteristics and Dietary Fiber Levels; Prevention of an increased prevalence of type-2 diabetes in indonesia can be done by going on a diet by consuming foods that are high in dietary fiber and resistant starch. Rice is a staple food in Indonesia which has a relatively low content of dietary fiber and resistant starch. Increasing dietary fiber and resistant starch in rice can be done through pre cooking combined with the addition of fibercreme. Retrogradation process that occurs in rice starch when pre-cooked can increase resistant starch levels in rice. In addition, the interaction between the amylose content in rice and the fat in fiberceme can produce an amylose-lipid complex known as type 5 resistant starch (RS5). The addition of fibercreme which is a non-dairy creamer with a high oligosaccharide content can increase the levels of dietary fiber in pre-cooked rice. This research aimed to evaluate the effect of adding two types of fibercreme namely fibercreme-inulin and fibercreme-IMO with a concentration of 3.23%; 6.45% and 12.9% during pre-cooking on resistant starch and dietary fiber levels as well as the physical characteristics and sensory properties of precooked rice. This research was conducted using a Completely Randomized Design (CRD). The results showed that the addition of fibercreme-inulin and fibercreme-IMO with the concentration of 12.9% increased the resistant starch by 28.5% and 32.64% respectively, increased the dietary fiber levels by 64.74% and 64.88% respectively, and decreased the amylose levels by 23.74% and 15.52% respectively. The treatment did not affect the texture of the precooked rice but decreased the WHC and bulk density of the pre-cooked rice. The addition of fibercreme during precooking also increased the acceptance of the pre-cooked rice with the highest acceptance score found in the precooked rice with the addition of fibercreme-inulin at the concentration of 12.9%.
Conducting a diabetes mellitus prevention trial in women with GDM in Pakistan: a feasibility study; Background Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) than women without GDM. Despite this elevated risk, few trials on the prevention of T2DM among South Asian women with GDM have been reported. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the feasibility of conducting a diabetes prevention program on women with a history of GDM to inform the development of a contextually relevant definitive trial. Methods Using a randomized controlled trial, women with GDM (n = 180) who delivered at the study hospitals (one public and one private teaching hospital, Karachi) with fasting blood glucose levels < 120 mg/dl at 6 weeks postpartum were randomized to the intervention (n = 88) or control arms (n = 92). Women in the intervention group received individualized home-based educational sessions from trained community health workers at 0, 1, 3, 6, and 9 months. In addition, they received short text messages, prerecorded messages, and printed educational material (calendars and pamphlets) for reinforcement. The intervention was centered on equipping women with knowledge, skills, and confidence to eat a healthy diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and perform regular physical activity based on walking and household chores to reduce weight (up to 5% of their initial body weight). Women in the control arm received standard care. The feasibility outcomes of the study included screening, recruitment, and retention rates and in-depth interviews at 6 months post-intervention to explore women's experiences with the intervention. Descriptive analysis and thematic analysis were performed. Results Of the 324 women screened during the antenatal care visits and after delivery, 255 (78.7%) were contactable 6 weeks postpartum, and 180 (70.6%) were eligible and randomized to intervention (n = 88) and control (n = 92) groups. Loss to follow-up in the intervention and control arms was 22.7% (n = 20/88) and 18.5% (n = 17/92), respectively. Women expressed satisfaction with home-based counseling and follow-up visits, text message reminders, and printed material in the form of a calendar through our qualitative interviews. Conclusions Home-based lifestyle modification intervention augmented with text messages and printed material is feasible. However, to evaluate the intervention's effectiveness, a larger trial is warranted to assess its long-term impact on diabetes prevention.
Walnut consumption and health outcomes with public health relevance-a systematic review of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials published from 2017 to present; Context Considering the accumulation of recent studies investigating the health effects of walnut consumption, both including and beyond cardiovascular health effects, a systematic review of this literature to investigate the strength of the evidence is warranted. Objective To investigate associations between walnut consumption and outcomes with public health relevance (specifically all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes, CVD, metabolic syndrome, obesity, cancer, neurological and mental health, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, and maternal disorders) and the effect on associated disease risk markers, reported in studies published from 2017 to present. Data Sources MEDLINE, FSTA, CENTRAL, and Scopus were searched from 1 January 2017 to 5 May 2021. Data Extraction Human studies (cohort studies and RCTs) >= 3 weeks in duration comparing consumption of walnuts (whole, pieces, or 100% butter) to a control and measuring associations with relevant public health outcomes and disease risk markers were assessed. Key study characteristics were extracted independently by 2 investigators using a standardized table. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias tool 2.0 and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data Analysis Only 1 RCT was considered to be at low risk of bias for any of its outcomes. The cohort studies were considered to be of moderate or high quality. The results were synthesized using vote counting, based on the direction of effect. Thirty-three articles, 23 describing RCTs (walnut dose similar to 10-99 g/day, 1,948 subjects) and 10 describing cohort studies (similar to 675,928 subjects), were included. Vote counting could be performed for the blood lipids, cardiovascular function, inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors, markers of glucose metabolism, and body weight and composition outcome groupings. The results are presented in effect direction plots. With respect to blood lipids, results from 8/8 RCTs favoured walnuts, in accordance with associations with a reduced risk of CVD suggested by cohort studies; results from 6/6 RCTs favoured control with respect to body weight and composition, although most of these effects were small. This was contrary to cohort study results suggesting small benefits of walnut consumption on body weight. There was no overall consistent direction of effect for cardiovascular function, markers of glucose metabolism, or inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors. Conclusions Evidence published since 2017 is consistent with previous research suggesting that walnut consumption improves lipid profiles and is associated with reduced CVD risk. Evidence is accumulating in other areas, such as cognitive health, although more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD4202122.
Is Butter Back? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Butter Consumption and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Total Mortality; Background
Vitamin D Receptor <i>Fok</i>-<i>I</i> Polymorphism Modulates Diabetic Host Response to Vitamin D Intake Need for a nutrigenetic approach; OBJECTIVE-Interpopulation as well as interindividual variations in response to vitamin D intake commonly observed in subjects with type 2 diabetes may be related to genetic makeup. One of the candidate genes potentially responsible for this diversity is vitamin D receptor (VDR). This study aimed to investigate the interactive effect of VDR Fok-I polymorphism and vitamin D intake on diverse aspects of diabetic host response.
Probiotic supplementation and the effects on weight loss, glycaemia and lipid profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); The aim of the current study was to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on weight loss, glycaemia and lipid profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 60 women with PCOS were randomized to receive probiotic capsule (n=30) or placebo (n=30) for 12 weeks. Consumption of probiotic supplements resulted in a significant reduction in weight (-0.5 +/- 0.4 vs.+0.1 +/- 1.0kg, p=0.004) and BMI (-0.2 +/- 0.2 vs.+0.03 +/- 0.4kg/m(2), p = 0.004) compared with the placebo. In addition, compared with the placebo, probiotic administration was associated with a significant decrease in fasting plasma glucose (-2.4 +/- 8.4 vs.+2.1 +/- 7.0mg/dL, p=0.02), serum insulin concentrations (-2.0 +/- 5.8 vs.+1.6 +/- 5.0IU/mL, p=0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (-0.5 +/- 1.4 vs.+0.3 +/- 1.1, p=0.01), homoeostatic model assessment-beta cell function (-7.5 +/- 22.3 vs.+6.3 +/- 21.7, p=0.01), serum triglycerides (-13.3 +/- 51.3 vs.+13.6 +/- 37.1mg/dL, p=0.02) and a significant increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (+0.006 +/- 0.01 vs. -0.005 +/- 0.02, p = 0.01). When we adjusted the analysis for baseline values of biochemical parameters, age and baseline BMI, except for QUICKI (p=0.08), other findings did not alter. We found that probiotic supplementation among PCOS women for 12 weeks had favourable effects on weight loss, markers of insulin resistance, triglycerides and VLDL-cholesterol concentrations.
Phytosterols for dyslipidemia; Purpose. The efficacy and safety of phytosterols for the management of dyslipidemia are reviewed.
Impact of beverage intake on metabolic and cardiovascular health; This review is based on a presentation that was made at a meeting concerning hydration. It summarizes the epidemiological evidence for selected beverages in relation to cardiovascular and/or metabolic health. The review focuses on tea, cocoa, milk, orange juice, alcohol, and beverages sweetened with sugars. These beverage types were chosen because of their widespread consumption, with tea, cocoa, orange juice, and milk being of potential benefit while alcohol and sugars may be detrimental. There is reasonably consistent evidence of reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in association with high consumption of tea, with the tea flavonoids appearing to be responsible for these benefits. There is also a growing evidence base for cocoa flavanols to have beneficial cardiovascular effects. The bulk of the evidence supporting these conclusions is epidemiological and needs to be confirmed with randomized controlled trials. Milk is associated with reduced risk of CVD, particularly in relation to blood pressure, with certain milk tripeptides being implicated in having effects to reduce angiotensin action. Further work is needed to confirm these potentially beneficial effects. There is some evidence of potentially beneficial effects of orange juice on aspects of cardiovascular function, but this is by no means convincing, and further evidence is needed from randomized controlled trials, together with the elucidation of whether any benefits are linked to the citrus flavanones or simply to the vitamin C content. While there is some evidence that red wine may convey some health benefits, there is also clear evidence that alcoholic beverages can have undesirable effects on blood pressure and increase the risk of CVD. It is possible that low to moderate intakes of alcoholic beverages may be beneficial. There is some evidence that beverages sweetened with sugars may contribute to increased energy intake and weight gain, and there is also an indication from longitudinal cohort studies that they are associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The mechanism of this latter association has not been explained. In conclusion, there is a substantial amount of epidemiological evidence for benefits of tea and cocoa in relation to cardiovascular health. There is a growing literature describing randomized controlled trials, but more evidence is needed. Potential cardiovascular and metabolic health benefits of milk and orange juice needs further investigation. The associations of higher alcohol intakes and consumption of beverages sweetened with sugars and their increased health risks are of concern, and more attention should be focused on this area.
Changes in dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating problems, and gastrointestinal symptoms after sleeve gastrectomy compared with after gastric bypass; 1-year results from the Oseberg study-a randomized controlled trial; Background: The randomized Oseberg study compared the effects of sleeve gastrectomy (SG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB), on the 1-y remission of type 2 diabetes and beta-cell function (primary outcomes). However, little is known about the comparable effects of SG and RYGB on the changes in dietary intakes, eating behavior, and gastrointestinal discomfort. Objectives: To compare 1-y changes in intakes of macro-and micronutrients, food groups, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastro-intestinal symptoms after SG and RYGB. Methods: Among others, prespecified secondary outcomes were dietary intake, food tolerance, hedonic hunger, binge eating, and gastrointestinal symptoms assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, food tolerance questionnaire, Power of food scale, Binge eating scale, and Gastrointestinal symptom rating scale, respectively. Results: A total of 109 patients (66% females), with mean (SD) age 47.7 (9.6) y and body mass index of 42.3 (5.3) kg/m2, were allocated to SG (n = 55) or RYGB (n = 54). The SG group had, compared with the RYGB group, greater 1-y reductions in the intakes of: protein, mean (95% CI) between-group difference, -13 (-24.9, -1.2) g; fiber, -4.9 (-8.2, -1.6) g; magnesium, -77 (-147, -6) mg; potassium, -640 (-1237, -44) mg; and fruits and berries, -65 (-109, -20) g. Further, the intake of yogurt and fermented milk products increased by >2-folds after RYGB but remained unchanged after SG. In addition, hedonic hunger and binge eating problems declined similarly after both surgeries, whereas most gastrointestinal symptoms and food tolerance remained stable at 1 y. Conclusions: The 1-y changes in dietary intakes of fiber and protein after both surgical procedures, but particularly after SG, were unfavorable with regard to current dietary guidelines. For clinical practice, our findings suggest that health care providers and patients should focus on sufficient intakes of protein, fiber, and vitamin and mineral supplementation after both SG and RYGB. This trial was registered at [clinicaltrials.gov] as [NCT01778738].
Eating habits of preschool children and the risk of obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in adults; Background & Objective: Nutrient excess and nutrient deficiency in the diets of preschool children can Lead to permanent modification of metabolic pathways and increased risk of diet-dependent diseases in adults. Children are most susceptible to the adverse consequences of bad eating habits. The objective of this study was to evaluate the eating habits and the diets of preschool children as risk factors for excessive weight, obesity, insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome.
Dairy Products Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Context: The relationship between dairy products consumption and the incidence of diabetes is investigated in various studies leading to contradictory results; therefore, the current meta-analytical study aimed at shedding light on the matter and estimating the potentiality of diabetes resulting from consuming dairy products.
Effect of probiotic foods and supplements on blood pressure: a systematic review of meta-analyses studies of controlled trials; Objective Recent evidences suggested that hypertension was associated with changes in gut microbiota composition. As intervention with probiotics might be considered as one of the approaches for modulating gut microbiota, the objective of the present study was to systematically review the meta-analyses of controlled trials (CTs) to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure. Methods We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases until November 2019 to explore all the meta-analyses conducted on the CTs assessing the efficacy of probiotics in the management of blood pressure (BP). Meta-analyses performed on in vitro, animal or observational studies were excluded from the study. References of the included studies were also screened to obtain further eligible publications. Results From the 111 records which were identified during the literature search, 5 meta-analyses met the selection criteria. Total sample size was 2703 subjects (1009 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)), aged 12-75 years from both sexes. Results of meta-analyses have been shown a moderate effect of probiotics on BP in hypertensive adults with/without T2DM; from 3.10 to 5.04 mmHg for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and from 0.39 to 3.84 mmHg for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) after 3-24 weeks consumption. These effects were greater in adults with BP >= 130/85, by dairy products, by Asian fermented products with multiple species and higher dose of probiotics (>= 10(11) colony forming units (CFU)). Conclusion It seems probiotic foods and supplements which were contained high dose multiple species of probiotic bacteria could be more effective in BP control.
Propranolol regulates ERK1/2 signaling pathway and promotes chronic wound healing in diabetic rats; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate if propranolol could regulate ERK1/2 signaling pathway and promote chronic wound healing in diabetic rats.
Feasibility and Acceptability of Metformin to Augment Low Milk Supply: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metformin improves insulin action, but feasibility in treating low milk supply is unknown. Research aim: To determine the feasibility of a metformin-versus-placebo definitive randomized clinical trial in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance. Methods: Pilot trial criteria included: Mother 1-8 weeks postpartum (ideally 1-2 weeks), low milk production, and >= 1 insulin resistance sign; and singleton, healthy, term infant. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 (metformin:placebo) and instructed in frequent milk removal for 28 days with option to stop at 14 days. Results: From 02/2015 through 06/2016, we screened 114 women, completed baseline assessments on 46, and trialed 15 (median, 36 days postpartum). Comparing metformin-assigned (n = 10) to placebo (n = 5), 70% versus 80% continued to day 28; peak median change in milk output was +8 versus -58 mL/24 hr (p = .31) and 80% peaked at Day 14 for both groups; 0% versus 20% desired to continue assigned drug after study completion; 44% versus 0% reported nausea/vomiting. Post-hoc, median peak change in milk output was +22 (metformin completers, n = 8) versus -58 mL/24 hr (placebo + non-completers, n = 7, p = .07). At baseline assessment, median milk production was significantly lower in those with (n = 31), versus those without (n = 15) signs of insulin resistance (p = .002). Conclusions: Although results trend toward hypothesized direction, trial feasibility concerns include late enrollment and only 20% of metformin-assigned participants sustaining improved milk output to Day 28, with none perceiving metformin worthwhile. Better tools are needed to identify and treat metabolically-driven low milk production. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02179788) on 02/JUL/2014.
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets varying in cereal fiber and protein content on the bile acid metabolic signature and relation to insulin resistance; Bile acids (BA) are potent metabolic regulators influenced by diet. We studied effects of isoenergetic increases in the dietary protein and cereal-fiber contents on circulating BA and insulin resistance (IR) in overweight and obese adults. Randomized controlled nutritional intervention (18 weeks) in 72 non-diabetic participants (overweight/obese: 29/43) with at least one further metabolic risk factor. Participants were group-matched and allocated to four isoenergetic supplemented diets: control; high cereal fiber (HCF); high-protein (HP); or moderately increased cereal fiber and protein (MIX). Whole-body IR and insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic endogenous glucose production were measured using euglycaemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps with [6-6(2)H(2)] glucose infusion. Circulating BA, metabolic biomarkers, and IR were measured at 0, 6, and 18 weeks. Under isoenergetic conditions, HP-intake worsened IR in obese participants after 6 weeks (M-value: 3.77 +/- 0.58 vs. 3.07 +/- 0.44 mg/kg/min, p = 0.038), with partial improvement back to baseline levels after 18 weeks (3.25 +/- 0.45 mg/kg/min, p = 0.089). No deleterious effects of HP-intake on IR were observed in overweight participants. HCF-diet improved IR in overweight participants after 6 weeks (M-value 4.25 +/- 0.35 vs. 4.81 +/- 0.31 mg/kg/min, p = 0.016), but did not influence IR in obese participants. Control and MIX diets did not influence IR. HP-induced, but not HCF-induced changes in IR strongly correlated with changes of BA profiles. MIX-diet significantly increased most BA at 18 weeks in obese, but not in overweight participants. BA remained unchanged in controls. Pooled BA concentrations correlated with fasting fibroblast growth factor-19 (FGF-19) plasma levels (r = 0.37; p = 0.003). Higher milk protein intake was the only significant dietary predictor for raised total and primary BA in regression analyses (total BA, p = 0.017; primary BA, p = 0.011). Combined increased intake of dietary protein and cereal fibers markedly increased serum BA concentrations in obese, but not in overweight participants. Possible mechanisms explaining this effect may include compensatory increases of the BA pool in the insulin resistant, obese state; or defective BA transport.
Daily consumption effects of probiotic yogurt containing <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>acidophilus</i> La5 and <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> Bb12 on oxidative stress in metabolic syndrome patients; Background and aims: Available evidence substantiates a strong association between metabolic syndrome and elevated oxidative stress. This study was aimed to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on the oxidative stress biomarkers in patients with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, the association between uric acid levels and insulin resistance indexes was assessed.
Effects of lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet <i>vs.</i> standard-weight-loss diet on obese and overweight adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised clinical trial; The aim of the study was to compare the effects of a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet (LOV-D) vs. a standard weight-loss diet (SWL-D) on obese/overweight adults with NAFLD. Present randomised clinical trial recruited 75 overweight/obese adults with NAFLD, who were randomly assigned into LOV-D and SWL-D groups for 3 months. The LOV-D was designed based on eliminating meat, poultry, and fish; while including dairy products and eggs. The SWL-D was planned according to the standard food pyramid, which was free in all sources of food. Adherence to LOV-D significantly outperformed SWL-D in reducing levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), body weight, waist circumference, BMI, fasting blood sugar, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triacylglycerol (TG), cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Furthermore, ultrasonography revealed a higher alleviation in NAFLD grade among LOV-D, compared with SWL-D. This study suggests that adherence to LOV-D for 3 months has beneficial effects on NAFLD improvement, anthropometric measures, glycaemic-related markers, and lipid profiles.
Palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge; Reduced insulin action is a key adaptation that facilitates glucose partitioning to the mammary gland for milk synthesis and enhances adipose tissue lipolysis during early lactation. The progressive recovery of insulin sensitivity as cows advance toward late lactation is accompanied by reductions in circulating nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and milk yield. Because palmitic acid can promote insulin resistance in monogastrics through sphingolipid ceramide-dependent mechanisms, palmitic acid (C16:0) feeding may enhance milk production by restoring homeorhetic responses. We hypothesized that feeding C16:0 to mid-lactation cows would enhance ceramide supply and ceramide would be positively associated with milk yield. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows were randomly assigned to a sorghum silage-based diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration dry matter (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Liver and skeletal muscle tissue were biopsied at d 47 of treatment. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. The plasma and tissue concentrations of ceramide and glycosylated ceramide were determined using liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and milk fat yield. The most abundant plasma and tissue sphingolipids detected were C24:0-ceramide, C24:0-monohexosylceramide (GlcCer), and C16:0-lactosylceramide. Plasma concentrations of total ceramide and GlcCer decreased as lactation advanced, and ceramide and GlcCer were elevated in cows fed PALM. Palmitic acid feeding increased hepatic ceramide levels, a response not observed in skeletal muscle tissue. Plasma ceramides (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) were positively correlated with plasma NEFA and milk yield, and positively correlated with NEFA levels following a glucose challenge. Our data demonstrate a remodeled plasma and hepatic sphingo-lipidome in mid-lactation dairy cows fed PALM. The potential involvement in ceramide in homeorhetic nutrient partitioning to support lactation requires further consideration.
Measures of Maternal Metabolic Health as Predictors of Severely Low Milk Production; Background: A comprehensive approach to breastfeeding support requires elucidation of how metabolic health influences milk production.Objective: We compared metabolic health indicators in women with severely low milk output versus those with moderate/normal milk output using a case-control study design, with nested and external control groups.Design: Cases and nested controls were derived from women screened for a low milk supply trial, with cases defined as severely low milk output (<300 mL/24 hours), and nested controls defined as moderate/normal milk output (>300 mL/24 hours). In addition, we included an external control group of exclusively breastfeeding women. All were enrolled at 2-10 weeks postdelivery of a healthy term infant. Milk output and breast emptying frequency were recorded through test-weigh. Metabolic health variables included all components of the metabolic syndrome, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Results: Maximum milk output, mL/24 hours, ranged as follows: 30-281 in cases (n = 18), 372-801 in nested controls (n = 12), and 661-915 in external controls (n = 12). Mean breast emptying frequency in cases was not significantly different from nested or external controls. All metabolic syndrome components and HOMA-IR were significantly worse in cases as compared with both nested and external control groups (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the nested and external control groups for these variables. GDM prevalence was 39%, 0%, and 8%, across cases, nested control, and external control groups, respectively (chi-square p-value = 0.02).Conclusion: Results from this small case-control study identify class 2+ obesity and poor metabolic health as strong risk factors for severely low milk production. These findings should be further validated in larger prospective cohort studies designed to identify individuals at risk for metabolically driven low milk supply. In addition, clinical and qualitative research studies aimed at improving patient-centered approaches to the management of persistent low milk supply are needed.
A model mimicking catabolic inflammatory disease; a controlled randomized study in humans; Objective
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. I. Effects on signaling and indices of insulin action; Modern dairy cows rely on hormonally driven mechanisms to coordinate the metabolic adaptations needed to meet the energy and nutrient deficits of early lactation. In the case of glucose, dairy cows cope with its scarcity during early lactation via reduced plasma concentrations of insulin and the insulin sensitizing hormone adiponectin and increased insulin resistance. Reduced insulin action promotes diversion of available glucose to the mammary gland but increases susceptibility to diseases if excessive. In earlier work, we reported that the insulin sensitizing hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is increased in periparturient dairy cows and identified liver and adipose tissue as possible targets. These observations raised the possibility that FGF21 acts directly on these tissues to limit the insulin resistance of early lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either excipient (n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight, followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at the rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic body weight for 9 consecutive days. Biopsies of liver and adipose tissue were collected during the bolus phase of the experiment and used to analyze FGF21 signaling by Western blotting and expression of its receptor components by quantitative PCR. Bolus FGF21 administration caused a 4-fold increase in p44/42 MAPK (ERK1/2) activation in adipose tissue but had no effect on AKT and signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling. The liver expressed negligible levels of the preferred FGF21 receptor FGFR1c and failed to mount any FGF21 signaling response. The FGF21 administered as a bolus had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin and did not stimulate an acute release of adiponectin from adipose tissue. Similarly, FGF21 infusion had no effect on plasma levels of glucose or insulin measured over the 9-d infusion or on glucose disposal during an i.v. glucose tolerance test performed on d 8 of infusion. Finally, the chronic FGF21 infusion had no effect on indices of adiponectin production, including plasma adiponectin arid adipose tissue mRNA abundance of adiponectin and the endoplasmic reticulum chaperones ERO1A and DSBA-L involved in the assembly of adiponectin into multimeric complexes. These data show that human FGF21 does riot act as an insulin sensitizer during the energy and glucose deficit of early lactation but do not rule out such a role in other physiological states.
Effect of Parenteral Antioxidant Supplementation During the Dry Period on Postpartum Glucose Tolerance in Dairy Cows; Background: Exacerbated postparturient insulin resistance (IR) has been associated with several pathologic conditions in dairy cattle. Oxidative stress (OS) plays a causative role in IR in humans, and an association, but not direct relationship; between OS and IR recently has been reported in transition dairy cattle.
Rationale, design and methods of the HEALTHY study nutrition intervention component; The HEALTHY study was a randomized, controlled, multicenter and middle school-based, multifaceted intervention designed to reduce risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes. The study randomized 42 middle schools to intervention or control, and followed students from the sixth to the eighth grades. Here we describe the design of the HEALTHY nutrition intervention component that was developed to modify the total school food environment, defined to include the following: federal breakfast, lunch, after school snack and supper programs; a la carte venues, including snack bars and school stores; vending machines; fundraisers; and classroom parties and celebrations. Study staff implemented the intervention using core and toolbox strategies to achieve and maintain the following five intervention goals: (1) lower the average fat content of foods, (2) increase the availability and variety of fruits and vegetables, (3) limit the portion sizes and energy content of dessert and snack foods, (4) eliminate whole and 2% milk and all added sugar beverages, with the exception of low fat or nonfat flavored milk, and limit 100% fruit juice to breakfast in small portions and (5) increase the availability of higher fiber grain-based foods and legumes. Other nutrition intervention component elements were taste tests, cafeteria enhancements, cafeteria line messages and other messages about healthy eating, cafeteria learning laboratory (CLL) activities, twice-yearly training of food service staff, weekly meetings with food service managers, incentives for food service departments, and twice yearly local meetings and three national summits with district food service directors. Strengths of the intervention design were the integration of nutrition with the other HEALTHY intervention components (physical education, behavior change and communications), and the collaboration and rapport between the nutrition intervention study staff members and food service personnel at both school and district levels. International Journal of Obesity (2009) 33, S29-S36; doi:10.1038/ijo.2009.114
Metformin therapy and diabetes in pregnancy; No adverse pregnancy outcomes with metformin use have been reported, except in one unmatched study. Otherwise, the studies are small and non-randomised, with the exception of one prospective, randomised controlled trial, currently under way, comparing metformin with insulin in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (the MiG trial). No long-term follow-up data for offspring of mothers receiving metformin have been published.
Incorporating Behavior Change Strategies Into an Exercise Trial to Improve Physical Activity Maintenance Among Adults at High Risk for Type II Diabetes; This study examined the feasibility and effects of a 1-hr physical activity (PA) behavior change (PABC) discussion session on PA, 12 weeks after completing an exercise trial. Adults at high risk of Type H diabetes were randomized to the PABC or a control group. PA was self-reported using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire. Chi-square tests compared the proportion of participants classified as moderately active or greater at the 12-week follow-up. Participants (N = 50) were M = 61.8 +/- 5.5 years old and mostly female (80%). All participants completed the PABC discussion session, and compliance with the International Physical Activity Questionnaire at 12-week follow-up was 78%. Barrier self-efficacy increased immediately following the PABC (M Delta 0.5 +/- 0.9; t(22) = -2.45, p = .023). At 12-week follow-up, 88% in the PABC were moderately active or greater, compared with 50% in the control (p = .015). Incorporating a PABC discussion session as part of an exercise efficacy trial was feasible and may help improve PA maintenance.
Effect of prepartum supplementation with niacin, choline and cod liver oil on postpartum insulin sensitivity and the redox status in cows with subclinical ketosis; There have been limited field trials exploring the potential ameliorative effect of B-complex vitamin or antioxidant therapy in cows with prolonged insulin resistance (IR). The purpose of this study was to explore the effect of prepartum supplementation of niacin, choline and cod liver oil on metabolic status, indices of insulin sensitivity (IS) as well as markers of oxidative stress in cows with subclinical ketosis (SCK). For this purpose, 24 apparently healthy cows at similar to 3 weeks before the expected time of calving were studied. Based on their serum concentration of non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), the studied cows were classified as having SCK (n = 20) or normal (n = 4). The diseased cows were then randomly allocated into four equal-sized groups and received the following feed supplements for subsequent 6 weeks: rumen-protected niacin, (RPN - group; n = 5); rumen-protected choline (RPC - group; n = 5); and cod liver oil (CLO-group; n = 5); or remained without treatment (SCK-group; n = 5). Serum samples were collected from all animals (n = 24) in two occasions i. e. before and after treatment to quantify concentrations ofBHBA, NEFA, glucose, insulin, cortisol, and triglyceride, malondialdehyde and superoxide dismutase. Indices of IS were also calculated. The findings of this study suggest benefits of prepartum supplementation to cattle with SCK, particularly RPC which demonstrated great effect on BHBA, triglyceride, and very low-density lipoprotein; but it showed a minimal effect on IS. On the other side, RPN and CLO exhibited a marked effect on serum cortisol and potentiated IS with minimal effect on BHBA. All dietary supplements had nearly equal effect on NEFA, glucose, insulin, and markers of oxidative stress. The information provided in this study could support the advancement of the future investigations in animal welfare and production.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low-fat dairy products; to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a pro biotic yogurt (PY) compared with a standard low-fat yogurt (LF) during a hypoenergetic program.
Dietary Calcium Source Influences Body Composition, Glucose Metabolism and Hormone Levels in a Mouse Model of Postmenopausal Obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has risen dramatically, with postmenopausal women particularly prone to increased adiposity. Epidemiologic data suggest that dietary calcium, particularly from dairy products, can decrease weight gain. The aim of this study was to evaluate effects of different calcium sources in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity. Materials and Methods: Ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice were randomized to either low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diets containing either calcium phosphate from non-fat dried milk and whey mineral concentrate (dairy) or calcium carbonate (supplement). Results: Dairy, but not supplement, decreased weight gain and percent body fat in HF mice, with no effect on food consumption. Dairy improved insulin resistance and glucose tolerance, while supplement increased bone mineral density in LF mice. Dairy had no effect oil bone. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of dietary calcium on body weight and bone health after menopause may be significantly influenced by other dietary components.
Effects of Clear Kefir on Biomolecular Aspects of Glycemic Status of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) Patients in Bandung, West Java [Study on Human Blood Glucose, c Peptide and Insulin]; Background: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) triggers an excessive reaction of free-radicals. It increases reactive oxygen species and reduces antioxidants status as well as the beta cell damage. Clear kefir was used for DM therapies, however it limited biomolecular exploration of its bioactive roles. Research aimed to investigate the effects of clear kefir on the biomolecular nature of the glycemic status of T2DM in Bandung.
Probiotic effects of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Zhang: From single strain omics to metagenomics; Lactobacillus casei Zhang (LCZ) is a well-studied probiotic bacterium that was inspired by traditional Mongolian medicine and isolated from naturally fermented koumiss in Inner Mongolia. There are three major stages of LCZ research and development. It contains single strain omics and in vitro evaluation stage (Stage 1), gut dominated microbes and in vivo evaluation stage (Stage 2) as well as metagenomics and clinical evaluation stage (Stage 3). LCZ was screened out from acid resistance, bile salt tolerance and processed favorable effects of in vitro cell adhesion characteristics and regulation of macrophage activity. And then, the whole genome of LCZ was determined and analyzed, which is the first identified Lactobacillus genome in China at 2008. Antibiotics resistance experiments showed a strong stability of LCZ genome under amoxicillin or gentamycin exposure through 2000 generations of laboratory evolution. A set of functional proteins such as NagA and NagB were identified from LCZ proteomics of growth process, acid stress or bile salt tolerance. Furthermore in vivo tests, LCZ has been demonstrated to process several beneficial effects including regulating microbiota abundance and ratios, lipid peroxidation inhibition and increasing antioxidant enzymes activities, regulating cellular and humoral immunity and tumor associated immune function, hepatoprotective effect and inhibition of liver transplanted tumor growth. Researchers have long appreciated the benefits of the gut microbiota to health. Moreover, LCZ was confirmed to promote the intestinal Bacteroides abundance and thereby alleviating impaired glucose tolerance and preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus by Q-PCR methods. Using the third generation PacBio sequencing technology, LCZ could delay the colon cancer progression in mice via altered gut microbiota composition and microbial acetic acid production. Detailedly, Alloprevotella rava and Parabacteroides merdae are the precise potential health-promoting species increased by LCZ intake. In addition to modulate gut microbiota composition, probiotic LCZ also manipulate bile acids, affects its conversation and induced tissue influx of chloride ion, which can impact the expression of chloride ion related proteins (eg.CLCN3 and CFTR). Small-scale human trial indicated that LCZ could maintain the abundance of gut microbiota, increase the number of beneficial bacteria and reduce potential harmful bacteria via 454 pyrosequencing. In 2018, a large-scale, randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled study was conducted by LCZ administration in Malaysian population. In adult subjects, it confirmed that LCZ could prevent upper respiratory tract infection including reducing the number of days for pharyngeal and general flu symptoms as well as nasal symptoms. In elderly populations, LCZ not only reduced nasal symptoms but also alleviated aged index including improving the mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. These are attributing to microbiota modulation and its mediated immunity such as increased anti-inflammatory IL-4. It is suggested that LCZ will exert more benefits in microbiota regulation and became a promising health food / special medical food for preventive or therapeutic effects.
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension influence on insulin receptor substrate-lgene expression: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) Type 1 is a main substrate for the insulin receptor, controls insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and the vascular, so it is an important candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). We aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Usual Dietary Advices (UDA) on IRS1 gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Materials and Methods: A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed in 44 women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Participants were randomly assigned to a UDA diet or the DASH diet. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Gene expression was assessed by the real-time polymerase chain reaction at the first of study and after 12 weeks. Independent sample t-test and paired-samples t-test were used to compare means of all variables within and between two groups respectively. Results: IRS1 gene expression was increased in DASH group compared with UDA diet (P = 0.00). Weight and waist circumference decreased in DASH group significantly compared to the UDA group (P < 0.05) but the results between the two groups showed no significant difference. Conclusion: DASH diet increased IRS1 gene expression and probably has beneficial effects on IR risks.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial; To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2-3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross-over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated; BP, carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty-seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 + 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 + 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
FiberCreme as a Functional Food Ingredient Reduces Hyperlipidemia and Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases in Subjects with Hyperlipidemia; FiberCreme is a commercial nondairy creamer made with isomalto-oligosaccharides (IMO) that is a source of dietary fiber. A study showed that IMO could decrease cholesterol (CH) and triglycerides, which are factors related to the risk of cardiovascular diseases and insulin resistance. This study evaluated FiberCreme's ability as a functional food ingredient to reduce CH and the risk of cardiovascular diseases in subjects with hyperlipidemic. This controlled clinical study trial involved 53 (23 similar to 57 years old) subjects with borderline high CH (>190 mg/dL) or triglycerides (>150 mg/dL) or both, who were divided into FiberCreme and control groups. The participant received 86 g of cookies daily for 4 weeks. The FiberCreme and control groups consumed FiberCreme-containing cookies and cookies with coconut cream with 5.78% and 4.69% fibers, respectively. Lipid profile, anthropometry, body composition, and food intake were also measured. Data analysis was performed using SPSS v.25. This study suggests that FiberCreme cookies can significantly reduce CH, triglycerides, and cardiac risk ratio scores.
Efficacy and safety of dietary supplements containing CLA for the treatment of obesity: evidence from animal and human studies; Dietary supplements containing conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) are widely promoted as weight loss agents available over the counter and via the Internet. In this review, we evaluate the efficacy and safety of CLA supplementation based on peer-reviewed published results from randomized, placebo-controlled, human intervention trials lasting more than 4 weeks. We also review findings from experimental studies in animals and studies performed in vitro. CLA appears to produce loss of fat mass and increase of lean tissue mass in rodents, but the results from 13 randomized, controlled, short-term (<6 months) trials in humans find little evidence to support that CLA reduces body weight or promotes repartitioning of body fat and fat-free mass in man. However, there is increasing evidence from mice and human studies that the CLA isomer trans-10, cis-12 may produce liver hypertrophy and insulin resistance via a redistribution of fat deposition that resembles lipodystrophy. CLA also decreases the fat content of both human and bovine milk. In conclusion, although CLA appears to attenuate increases in body weight and body fat in several animal models, CLA isomers sold as dietary supplements are not effective as weight loss agents in humans and may actually have adverse effects on human health.
Coadjuvants in the Diabetic Complications: Nutraceuticals and Drugs with Pleiotropic Effects; Because diabetes mellitus (DM) is a multifactorial metabolic disease, its prevention and treatment has been a constant challenge for basic and clinical investigators focused on translating their discoveries into clinical treatment of this complex disorder. In this review, we highlight recent experimental and clinical evidences of potential coadjuvants in the management of DM, such as polyphenols (quercetin, resveratrol and silymarin), cultured probiotic microorganisms and drugs acting through direct/indirect or pleiotropic effects on glycemic control in DM. Among several options, we highlight new promising therapeutic coadjuvants, including chemical scavengers, the probiotic kefir and the phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors, which besides the reduction of hyperglycemia and ameliorate insulin resistance, they reduce oxidative stress and improve endothelial dysfunction in the systemic vascular circulation. In the near future, experimental studies are expected to clear the intracellular pathways involving coadjuvants. The design of clinical trials may also contribute to new strategies with coadjuvants against the harmful effects of diabetic complications.
Four-Month Course of Soluble Milk Proteins Interacts With Exercise to Improve Muscle Strength and Delay Fatigue in Elderly Participants; Background: The benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial.
Effects of whey protein on glycemic control and serum lipoproteins in patients with metabolic syndrome and related conditions: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Background This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to assess the effects of whey protein on serum lipoproteins and glycemic status in patients with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and related disorders. Methods Online databases, such as Web of Science, Cochrane Library, PubMed and Scopus were systematically searched by two independent authors from inception until 30th April 2020 for English randomized clinical trials investigating the efficacy of whey protein administration in subjects with Mets or related conditions on the parameters of glycemic and lipid control compared to certain control. In order to evaluate the included studies' methodological quality, Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool was applied. Using Cochrane's Q test and I-square (I-2) statistic, the included trials' heterogeneity was also examined. Using a random-effects model, data were pooled, and weighted mean difference (WMD) was considered as the overall effect size. Results Twenty-two studies were selected to be included in this meta-analysis. Consumption of whey protein resulted in significant reduction of HbA1c (WMD: -0.15; 95% CI: - 0.29, - 0.01) insulin (WMD: -0.94; 95% CI: - 1.68, - 0.21) and homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.20; 95% CI: - 0.36, - 0.05). A significant reduction in triglycerides levels (WMD: -17.12; 95% CI: - 26.52, - 7.72), total cholesterol (WMD: -10.88; 95% CI -18.60, - 3.17), LDL-cholesterol levels (WMD: -8.47 95% CI: - 16.59, - 0.36) and total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio (WMD: -0.26; 95% CI: - 0.41, - 0.10) was found as well. Conclusions This meta-analysis suggests that supplementation with whey protein had beneficial effect on several indicators of glycemic control and lipid parameters in patients with MetS and related conditions.
Maternal sitagliptin treatment attenuates offspring glucose metabolism and intestinal proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rats; Increasing evidence shows that maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of diabetes in offspring. We hypothesized that maternal sitagliptin intervention may improve glucose intolerance through gut targeting. Female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were fed a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating. ND pregnant rats were divided into two subgroups: ND group (ND alone) and the ND-sitagliptin group (ND combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment). HFD pregnant rats were randomized to one of two groups: HFD group (HFD alone) and the HFD-sitagliptin group (HFD combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose metabolism was assessed in offspring at weaning. Intestinal gene expression levels were investigated. Maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in male pups. Moreover, maternal sitagliptin treatment inhibited offspring disordered intestinal expression of proinflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (Il6), ll1b, and tumor necrosis factor (Tnf), at weaning and reduced intestinal IL-6, TNF-alpha expression by immunohistochemical staining and serum IL-6, TNF-alpha levels. However, maternal sitagliptin intervention did not affect offspring serum anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 level. Our results are the first to show that maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose metabolism in male offspring. It may be involved with moderating intestinal IL-6 and TNF-alpha expression in male rat offspring.
Yogurt and dairy product consumption to prevent cardiometabolic diseases: epidemiologic and experimental studies; Dairy products contribute important nutrients to our diet, including energy, calcium, protein, and other micro- and macronutrients. However, dairy products can be high in saturated fats, and dietary guidelines generally recommend reducing the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to reduce coronary artery disease (CAD). Recent studies question the role of SFAs in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and have found that substitution of SFAs in the diet with omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids abundant in vegetable oils can, in fact, lead to an increased risk of death from CAD and CVD, unless they are balanced with n-3 polyunsaturated fat. Replacing SFAs with carbohydrates with a high glycemic index is also associated with a higher risk of CAD. Paradoxically, observational studies indicate that the consumption of milk or dairy products is inversely related to incidence of CVD. The consumption of dairy products has been suggested to ameliorate characteristics of the metabolic syndrome, which encompasses a cluster of risk factors including dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, increased blood pressure, and abdominal obesity, which together markedly increase the risk of diabetes and CVD. Dairy products, such as cheese, do not exert the negative effects on blood lipids as predicted solely by the content of saturated fat. Calcium and other bioactive components may modify the effects on LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Apart from supplying valuable dairy nutrients, yogurt may also exert beneficial probiotic effects. The consumption of yogurt, and other dairy products, in observational studies is associated with a reduced risk of weight gain and obesity as well as of CVD, and these findings are, in part, supported by randomized trials.
Thyroid status, insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in overweight and obese adults before and after 36 weeks of whey protein supplementation and exercise training; Research suggests that subclinical hypothyroidism (SHT) influences insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Reductions in thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations are associated with exercise training (ExTr), which improves insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake. Purpose: A secondary analysis of previously published data was conducted to examine the relationship between SHT, TSH and glucose homeostatic control at baseline and to assess the impact of ExTr on thyroid status and how SHT affects changes in insulin sensitivity after ExTr. Materials and methods: Data were obtained from a 36-week ExTr and whey protein supplementation intervention trial. Subjects (n = 304, 48 +/- 7 years, females = 186) were randomized to a specific whey protein group (0, 20, 40, or 60 g per day) and all subjects participated in a resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) training program. Testing was conducted at baseline and post-intervention. Results: At baseline, 36% (n = 110) and 12% (n = 35) of subjects were classified with SHT based on the TSH 3 mu IU/L or TSH 4.5 mu IU/L cut-offs, respectively. No association was found between baseline TSH and baseline measures of glucose homeostatic control. Whey protein supplementation did not influence intervention outcomes. Post-intervention (n = 164), no change was observed in TSH. SHT did not affect changes in insulin sensitivity following ExTr. Conclusion: These results support that the health benefits of ExTr for the management of insulin resistance (IR) are not blunted by SHT.
Silymarin alleviates hepatic oxidative stress and protects against metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-fed mice; Silymarin is a potent antioxidant medicine and has been widely used for the treatment of liver diseases over 30 years. Recent studies suggest that silymarin may benefit patients with glucose intolerance. However, the mechanism underlying the action of silymarin is not clarified. The aim of this work was to assess the impact of silymarin on glucose intolerance in high-fat diet (HFD)-fed mice, and explore the potential therapeutic mechanisms. C57BL/6 mice were fed with HFD for 12 weeks, randomized, and treated orally with vehicle saline or silymarin (30mg/kg) daily for 30 days. We found that silymarin significantly improved HFD-induced body weight gain, glucose intolerance, and insulin resistance in mice. Silymarin treatment reduced HFD-increased oxidative stress indicators (reactive oxygen species, lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation) and restored HFD-down-regulated activities of antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase) in the plasma and/or liver of the HFD-fed mice. Furthermore, silymarin decreased HFD-up-regulated hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and NF-kappa B activation in mice. Additionally, silymarin treatment mitigated HFD-increased plasma IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha levels, and HFD-enhanced hepatic NO, TLR4, and iNOS expression in mice. These novel data indicate that silymarin has potent anti-diabetic actions through alleviating oxidative stress and inflammatory response, partially by inhibiting hepatic NADPH oxidase expression and the NF-kappa B signaling.
The Impact of Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption on Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Kidney Disease Patients: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Objective: Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of probiotic soy milk consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in type 2 DKD patients.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial; To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2-3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross-over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated; BP, carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty-seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 +/- 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 +/- 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
An acute intake of a walnut-enriched meal improves postprandial adiponectin response in healthy young adults; A deficit in adiponectin plays an important causal role in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. We hypothesized that as seen during the fasting state, the intake of a walnut-enriched meal increased postprandial adiponectin. Twenty-one healthy white men followed a 4-week baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-loaded meals that included 1 g fat/kg body weight (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design: olive oil-enriched meal (22% saturated fatty acids [SFA], 38% monounsaturated fatty acids [MUFA], 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids [PUFA]), butter-enriched meal (35% SFA, 22% MUFA, 4% PUFA), and walnut-enriched meal (20% SFA, 24% MUFA, 16% PUPA, and 4% alpha-linolenic acid). Leptin, resistin, adiponectin, and free fatty acids were determined at 0, 3, 6, and 8.5 hours after the fat load. After the walnut-enriched meal, plasma adiponectin concentrations were higher at 3 and 6 hours (P = .011, P = .046, respectively) compared with the butter-enriched meal and higher at 6 hours compared with the olive oil-enriched meal (P = .036). Free fatty acid levels decreased from baseline at 3 hours after the walnut-enriched meal (P = .001). No differences were observed between the 3 meals for leptin and resistin responses. Our data confirmed a beneficial profile in the postprandial response to walnuts, source of omega-3 PUFA with an increased postprandial adiponectin and lower postprandial free fatty acid responses. These findings suggest that the postprandial state is important for understanding the possible cardioprotective effects associated with omega-3 PUFA dietary fat. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Can milk proteins be a useful tool in the management of cardiometabolic health? An updated review of human intervention trials; The prevalence of cardiometabolic diseases is a significant public health burden worldwide. Emerging evidence supports the inverse association between greater dairy consumption and reduced risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Dairy proteins may have an important role in the favourable impact of dairy on human health such as blood pressure (BP), blood lipid and glucose control. The purpose of this review is to update and critically evaluate the evidence on the impacts of casein and whey protein in relation to metabolic function. Evidence from short-term clinical studies assessing postprandial responses to milk protein ingestion suggests benefits on vascular function independent of BP, as well as improvement in glycaemic homeostasis. Long-term interventions have been less conclusive, with some showing benefits and others indicating a lack of improvement in vascular function. During chronic consumption BP appears to be lowered and both dyslipidaemia and hyperglacaemia seem to be controlled. Limited number of trials investigated the effects of dairy proteins on oxidative stress and inflammation. Although the underlying mechanisms of milk proteins on cardiometabolic homeostasis remains to be elucidated, the most likely mechanism is to improve insulin resistance. The incorporation of meals enriched with dairy protein in the habitual diet may result in the beneficial effects on cardiometabolic health. Nevertheless, future well-designed, controlled studies are needed to investigate the relative effects of both casein and whey protein on BP, vascular function, glucose homeostasis and inflammation.
The effect of dairy products on liver fat and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity- a four-arm randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: In recent years, epidemiological studies have reported links between the consumption of fermented dairy products, such as yogurt, and health; however, evidence from human intervention trials is scarce and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of four different types of dairy products (two fermented and two non-fermented) on liver fat (primary outcome) and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity. Methods: In this parallel randomized controlled trial with four arms, 100 males aged 30-70 years, with body mass index 28.0-45.0 kg/m(2), and waist circumference >= 102 cm underwent a 16-weeks intervention where they were instructed to consume 400 g/day of either milk, yogurt, heat-treated yogurt, or acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Liver fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. Results: In the complete case analyses (n = 80), no effects of the intervention or differences between groups were detected in anthropometry or body composition including liver fat. Moreover, no effects were detected in inflammatory markers. Main effects of time were detected in blood pressure (decrease; P < 0.001), insulin (decrease; P < 0.001), C-peptide (decrease; P = 0.040), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (decrease; P < 0.001), total cholesterol (decrease; P = 0.016), low-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.033), high-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.006), and alanine transaminase (decrease; P = 0.019). Interactions between group and time failed to reach significance. Conclusions: In conclusion, findings from our study do not confirm that fermented yogurt products are superior in reducing liver fat or improving metabolic risk markers compared to non-fermented milk products. In fact, all intervention products (both fermented yogurt products and non-fermented milk products) did not affect liver fat and caused largely similar modest favorable changes in some metabolic risk markers. The study was registered at www. (c) 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Glucose- and glycaemic factor-lowering effects of probiotics on diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on glucose and glycaemic factors in diabetes and its associated risk factors. All randomised-controlled trials published in English in multiple databases from January 2000 to June 2015 were systematically searched. Only studies that addressed glucose- and glycaemic-related factors as outcome variables were included. The main outcomes of interest in trials were mean changes in glucose, HbA1c, insulin and homoeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale to assess the quality of studies, a total of eleven studies with 614 subjects were included. The pooled mean difference and effect size with a 95 % CI were extracted using a random-effect model. It was found that there are statistically significant pooled mean differences between the probiotics and the placebo-controlled groups on the reduction of glucose (-052 mmol/l, 95 % CI -092, -011 mmol/l; P=001) and HbA1c (-032 %, 95 % CI -057, -007 %; P=001). There was no statistically significant pooled mean difference between the probiotics and the placebo-controlled groups on the reduction of insulin (-048 mu IU/ml, 95 % CI -134, 038 mu IU/ml; P=027) and HOMA-IR (pooled effect of -044, 95 % CI -157, 070; P=045). Meta-regression analysis identified that probiotics had significant effects on reduction of glucose, HbA1c, insulin and HOMA-IR in participants with diabetes, but not in participants with other risk factors. The present meta-analysis suggested that probiotics may be used as an important dietary supplement in reducing the glucose metabolic factors associated with diabetes.
Glucose, insulin, and cortisol concentrations and glucose tolerance test in Holstein cows with inactive ovaries; A total of 60 healthy (the control group) and 30 anestrous Holstein cows with inactive ovaries (the case group) from three dairy farms around Tehran were randomly selected and diagnosed to determine the concentrations of glucose, insulin, and cortisol, and the rate of the insulin resistance disorder in them. Primarily, serum samples were obtained from all animals, and the concentrations of glucose, insulin, and cortisol were measured in a laboratory. Thereupon, the glucose tolerance test (GTT) was implemented. Before the implementation of the GTT, the median of serum glucose levels (62 mg/dl), insulin (7.16 mu IU/ml), and cortisol (2.5 mu g/dl) was estimated in healthy cows. The median of serum glucose levels (68.5 mg/dl, p=0.00009) was higher, and serum insulin (6.1 mu IU/ml, p=0.025) and cortisol (1.1 mu g/dl, p=0.00029) levels were lesser in the anestrous cows when estimated simultaneously. After the implementation of GTT, the median of serum glucose concentrations in one (120 mg/dl), two (73.5 mg/dl), and three (63.5 mg/dl) hours after the glucose injection was estimated in healthy cows. The findings also showed that the median of serum glucose levels was lesser in one (100 mg/dl, p=0.015), similar in two (77.5 mg/dl, p=0.9), and higher in three (70 mg/dl, p=0.012) hours after the glucose injection in anestrous cows. In conclusion, higher serum glucose, lesser insulin and cortisol concentrations, and the different correlation between serum glucose and insulin levels before the GTT were detected in anestrous cows. The pattern of glucose changes also differed in anestrous cows after the GTT.
The antihypertensive effect of cysteine; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at an increased risk for stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Essential hypertension results from a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors. One such lifestyle factor is diet, and its role in the control of blood pressure has come under much scrutiny. Just as increased salt and sugar are known to elevate blood pressure, other dietary factors may have antihypertensive effects. Studies including the Optimal Macronutrient Intake to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart) study, Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT), International Study of Salt and Blood Pressure (INTERSALT) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study have demonstrated an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure. One component of dietary protein that may partially account for its antihypertensive effect is the nonessential amino acid cysteine. Studies in hypertensive humans and animal models of hypertension have shown that N-acetylcysteine, a stable cysteine analogue, lowers blood pressure, which substantiates this idea. Cysteine may exert its antihypertensive effects directly or through its storage form, glutathione, by decreasing oxidative stress, improving insulin resistance and glucose metabolism, lowering advanced glycation end products, and modulating levels of nitric oxide and other vasoactive molecules. Therefore, adopting a balanced diet containing cysteine-rich proteins may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension. An example of such a diet is the DASH diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products.
Ability of dairy fat in inducing metabolic syndrome in rats; Background: The risk of heart diseases, diabetes and stroke is increased with higher metabolic risk factors. Models of diseases resulting from high-calorie diets have a significant role in pathophysiologic analysis of metabolic syndrome in rodents; but, these diets are considerably different from each other in various studies and may not be very similar to the metabolic syndrome model in humans. This study sought to make a model close to the disease in humans. 20 five-week old male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to two groups. For one of the groups, a high-calorie diet with 416 calories per 100 g with dairy-based fat was considered and, for another group, a control diet was given for 12 weeks. Weight changes, lipid profile, glucose values, Blood pressure, insulin and HOMA indices, were measured for both groups and weight changes were compared using repeated measures and independent t test; also, serum results were compared using independent t test.
Microbiome-modulating nutraceuticals ameliorate dyslipidemia in type 2 diabetes: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of clinical trials; AimsType 2 Diabetes is intrinsically linked to cardiovascular disease (CVD) via diabetic dyslipidemia, both of which remain global health concerns with annually increasing prevalence. Given the established links between gut microbiome dysbiosis and metabolic diseases, its modulation is an attractive target to ameliorate metabolic imbalances in such patients. There is a need to quantitively summarise, analyse, and describe future directions in this field.MethodsWe conducted a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression following searches in major scientific databases for clinical trials investigating the effect of pro/pre/synbiotics on lipid profile published until April 2022. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis and reported as mean differences with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). PROSPERO No. CRD42022348525.ResultsData from 47 trial comparisons across 42 studies (n = 2692) revealed that, compared to placebo/control groups, the administration of pro/pre/synbiotics was associated with statistically significant changes in total cholesterol (-9.97 mg/dL [95% CI: -15.08; -4.87], p < 0.0001), low-density lipoprotein (-6.29 mg/dL [95% CI: -9.25; -3.33], p < 0.0001), high-density lipoprotein (+3.21 mg/dL [95% CI: 2.20; 4.22], p < 0.0001), very-low-density lipoprotein (-4.52 mg/dL [95% CI: -6.36; -2.67], p < 0.0001) and triglyceride (-22.93 mg/dL [95% CI: -33.99; -11.87], p < 0.001). These results are influenced by patient characteristics such as age or baseline BMI, and intervention characteristics such as dosage and duration.ConclusionsOur study shows that adjunct supplementation with a subset of pro/pre/synbiotics ameliorates dyslipidemia in diabetic individuals and has the potential to reduce CVD risk. However, widespread inter-study heterogeneity and the presence of several unknown confounders limit their adoption in clinical practice; future trials should be designed with these in mind.
Overfeeding a moderate energy diet prepartum does not impair bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue insulin signal transduction and induces marked changes in peripartal gene network expression; Mechanisms regulating subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) insulin sensitivity and gene network expression during the peripartal period were evaluated in cows fed to meet or exceed prepartal energy requirements. Holstein cows were dried off at -50 d relative to expected parturition and fed a controlled-energy diet [CON; net energy for lactation = 1.24 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM); 36% of DM as wheat straw] until -21 d. Cows were then randomly assigned (n = 7/diet) to either the same CON diet or a moderate-energy close-up diet (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.47 Mcal/kg of DM) until parturition. Biopsies of SAT were harvested at -10, 7, and 21 d for mRNA expression of 48 genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipolysis. In vitro basal and insulin-stimulated insulin receptor substrate 1 tyrosine phosphorylation (IRS1-PY) was assessed at -10 and 7 d. The OVE led to more positive energy balance and greater serum insulin concentration prepartum. Compared with CON, OVE led to a more drastic increase in serum NEFA and also greater overall serum BHBA postcalving, both of which were associated with greater hepatic total lipid and triacylglycerol concentration. Close-up OVE did not improve any aspect of performance. In prepartal SAT, insulin-stimulated IRS1-PY was greater in OVE than in CON. However, IRS1-PY, serum insulin, and GLUT4 expression decreased postpartum regardless of prepartal treatment, suggesting a more severe state of insulin resistance. The expression of all genes encoding adipogenic regulators (PPARG and ZFP423), most lipogenic enzymes/inducers (FASN, SCD, DGAT2, and INSIG1), and basal-lipolysis regulators (ATGL and ABDH5) was greater at 10 d in OVE than in CON. Whereas adipogenic and basal lipolysis regulator expression remained greater in cows fed OVE by 7 d postpartum, expression of all lipogenic enzymes decreased regardless of diet. Despite those responses, the approximately 3-fold increase in expression of IRS1 and ZFP423 between 7 and 21 d suggested that insulin responsiveness and adipogenic capacity of SAT were partially restored. Expression of the preadipocyte marker DLK1, adiponutrin (PNPLA3), and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) was undetectable. Results suggested that close-up energy overfeeding did not exacerbate insulin resistance in SAT. Signs of restored insulin responsiveness (upregulation of IRS1, INSIG2, SREBF1, and ZFP423) were apparent as early as 3 wk postpartum. Thus, identifying specific nutrients capable of activating PPAR gamma after calving in AT might help accelerate its replenishment. A regulatory network encompassing the genes and physiological measurements obtained is proposed.
Development of a lactic acid bacteria strain that suppresses chronic inflammation and improves glucose and lipid metabolism; Chronic inflammation caused by aging, obesity, and lifestyle disturbances can lead to the production of inflammatory cytokines and insulin resistance, reducing glucose and lipid metabolism. Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have various bioactivities, and certain types of LAB have been reported to exhibit anti-inflammatory effects. We hypothesized that LAB strains, which can strongly induce the production of anti-inflammatory cytokines by immune cells in the intestinal tract, may improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation. We selected Lactiplantibacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) from the LAB library owned by Meiji Co., Ltd. based on its ability to induce the production of interleukin-10 (IL-10), optimized the culture conditions of OLL2712 for industrial applications, and verified the efficacy of the strain in animal and clinical studies. The results showed that OLL2712 bacterial cells in the exponential phase had notably higher anti-inflammatory properties than the cells in the stationary phase and led to the inhibition of chronic inflammation and improvement of glucose and lipid metabolism in animal studies. Two randomized controlled trials consisting of healthy adults with elevated blood glucose levels or body mass indices (BMIs) also showed that the intake of OLL2712 suppressed the aggravation of chronic inflammation and improved glucose and lipid metabolism. This review identified a novel LAB strain that may contribute to diabetes and obesity prevention and demonstrated its clinical efficacy. In addition, the mechanism of action of this LAB strain through the intestinal immune system was partially elucidated, and the importance of optimizing the culture conditions of LAB was clarified.
Beneficial Effects of a Topical Foam Cream Product in a Study on Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Foot Skin Xerosis; Aim: The purpose of this double-blind randomized vehicle-controlled in-home use and clinical study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a topically applied medical device foam cream on dry skin of diabetic feet.
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic administration in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: We are aware of no study examining the effects of probiotic supplementation on symptoms of depression, metabolic profiles, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and biomarkers of oxidative stress in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). The present study was designed to determine the effects of probiotic intake on symptoms of depression and metabolic status in patients with MDD.
Saturated Fatty Acids and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease: Modulation by Replacement Nutrients; Despite the well-established observation that substitution of saturated fats for carbohydrates or unsaturated fats increases low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in humans and animal models, the relationship of saturated fat intake to risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in humans remains controversial. A critical question is what macronutrient should be used to replace saturated fat. Substituting polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat reduces LDL cholesterol and the total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. However, replacement of saturated fat by carbohydrates, particularly refined carbohydrates and added sugars, increases levels of triglyceride and small LDL particles and reduces high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, effects that are of particular concern in the context of the increased prevalence of obesity and insulin resistance. Epidemiologic studies and randomized clinical trials have provided consistent evidence that replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat, but not carbohydrates, is beneficial for coronary heart disease. Therefore, dietary recommendations should emphasize substitution of polyunsaturated fat and minimally processed grains for saturated fat.
Fortified yogurt with vitamin D as a cost-effective food to prevent diabetes: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; Vitamin D has a role in both insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity, and thus could be important in the pathogenesis of diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of yogurt fortified with vitamin D and oral vitamin D supplement on glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals. This study was conducted on 90 subjects with pre-diabetes in three groups: those given fortified yogurt with vitamin D, those given plain yogurt and those given oral vitamin D supplements. The study variables were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention period. Results from the participants' oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) decreased significantly in only the fortified-yogurt group. The mean fasting serum insulin and the insulin-resistance index (HOMA-IR) in the fortified-yogurt (p < .01) and oral-supplement (p < .03, p < .04) groups decreased significantly. Waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and percentage of body fat (PBF) decreased significantly in the fortified-yogurt (p < .02, p < .006) and oral-supplement (p = .015, p < .001) groups. These findings show that yogurt fortified with vitamin D improves glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals.
Partly Replacing Meat Protein with Soy Protein Alters Insulin Resistance and Blood Lipids in Postmenopausal Women with Abdominal Obesity; Increasing protein intake and soy consumption appear to be promising approaches to prevent metabolic syndrome (MetS). However, the effect of soy consumption on insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, and other characteristics of MetS is not frequently studied in humans. We aimed to investigate the effects of a 4-wk, strictly controlled, weight-maintaining, moderately high-protein diet rich in soy on insulin sensitivity and other cardiometabolic risk factors. We performed a randomized crossover trial of 2 4-wk diet periods in 15 postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity to test diets with 22 energy percent (En%) protein, 27 En% fat, and 50 En% carbohydrate. One diet contained protein of mixed origin (mainly meat, dairy, and bread), and the other diet partly replaced meat with soy meat analogues and soy nuts containing 30 g/d soy protein. For our primary outcome, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) was performed at the end of both periods. Plasma total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, insulin, and C-reactive protein were assessed, and blood pressure, arterial stiffness, and intrahepatic lipid content were measured at the start and end of both periods. Compared with the mixed-protein diet, the soy-protein diet resulted in greater insulin sensitivity [FSIGT: insulin sensitivity, 34 +/- 29 vs. 22 +/- 17 (mU/L)(-1) min, P = 0.048; disposition index, 4974 +/- 2543 vs. 2899 +/- 1878, P = 0.038; n = 111. Total cholesterol was 4% lower after the soy-protein diet than after the mixed-protein diet (4.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 5.1 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.001), and LDL cholesterol was 9% lower (2.9 +/- 0.7 vs. 3.2 +/- 0.6 mmol/L, P = 0.004; n = 15). Thus, partly replacing meat with soy in a moderately high-protein diet has clear advantages regarding insulin sensitivity and total and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, partly replacing meat products with soy products could be important in preventing MetS. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01694056.
Fermented foods and metabolic outcomes in diabetes and prediabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have investigated the effects of fermented foods on metabolic outcomes in adult patients suffering from diabetes and prediabetes. However, the results of these RCTs are conflicting. This systematic review and meta-analysis was carried out on data from RCTs to evaluate the effects of fermented foods in patients with diabetes and prediabetes. The PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, the Cochrane Library and Scopus databases were searched up to 21 June, 2022. English-language RCTs of fermented foods consumption were included which gave metabolic outcomes on body composition, glucose control, insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, as well as blood pressure. Eighteen RCTs met the inclusion criteria and 843 participants were included in the final analysis. The pooled results showed a significant reduction of fasting blood glucose (FBG), the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipid cholesterol (LDL-C) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) in the intervention group versus the control group. The results of this research showed that fermented foods have the potential to improve some metabolic outcomes, including FBG, HOMA-IR, TC, LDL-C, and DBP in patients with diabetes and prediabetes.
Soy diet for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: The efficacy of soy diet for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease remains controversial. We conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore the influence of soy diet vs placebo on the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Methods: We search PubMed, EMbase, Web of science, EBSCO, and Cochrane library databases through October 2020 for randomized controlled trials assessing the efficacy of soy diet vs placebo for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. This meta-analysis is performed using the random-effect model. Results: Five randomized controlled trials are included in the meta-analysis. Overall, compared with control group for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, soy diet is associated with significantly reduced HOMA-IR (standard mean difference [SMD] = -0.42; 95% confidence interval [CI] = -0.76 to -0.08; P = .01), increased insulin (SMD = -0.64; 95% CI = -0.98 to -0.30; P = .0002) and decreased malondialdehyde (SMD = -0.43; 95% CI = -0.74 to -0.13; P = .005), but demonstrated no substantial impact on body mass index (SMD = 0.17; 95% CI = -0.20 to 0.53; P = .37), alanine aminotransferase (SMD = -0.01; 95% CI = -0.61 to 0.60; P = .98), aspartate-aminotransferase (SMD = 0.01; 95% CI = -0.47 to 0.49; P = .97), total cholesterol (SMD = 0.05; 95% CI = -0.25 to 0.35; P = .73) or low density lipoprotein (SMD = 0; 95% CI = -0.30 to 0.30; P = .99). Conclusions: Soy diet may benefit to alleviate insulin resistance for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Full-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic health outcomes: Does the dairy-fat matrix matter?; Reducing dairy fat intake is a common dietary guideline to limit energy and saturated fatty acid intake for the promotion of cardiometabolic health. However, research utilizing a holistic, food-based approach to assess the consumption of the fat found in dairy, a broad and diverse food group, may provide new insight into these guidelines. Dairy fat is comprised of a diverse assembly of fatty acids, triacylglycerols, sterols, and phospholipids, all uniquely packaged in a milk fat globule. The physical structure of this milk fat globule and its membrane is modified through different processing methods, resulting in distinctive dairy-fat matrices across each dairy product. The objectives of this narrative review were to first define and compare the dairy-fat matrix in terms of its unique composition, physical structure, and fat content across common dairy products (cow's milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter). With this information, we examined observational studies and randomized controlled trials published within the last 10 years (2013-2023) to assess the individual effects of the dairy-fat matrix in milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter on cardiometabolic health and evaluate the implications for nutrition guidance. Searches conducted on Ovid MEDLINE and PubMed (R) utilizing search terms for cardiometabolic health, both broadly and regarding specific disease outcomes and risk factors, yielded 59 studies that were analyzed and included in this review. Importantly, this review stratifies by both dairy product and fat content. Though the results were heterogeneous, most studies reported no association between intake of these individual regular-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic outcome measures, thus, the current body of evidence suggests that regular-fat dairy product consumption may be incorporated within overall healthy eating patterns. Research suggests that there may be a beneficial effect of regular-fat milk and yogurt intake on outcome measures related to body weight and composition, and an effect of regular-fat cheese intake on outcome measures related to blood lipids, but more research is necessary to define the directionality of this relationship. Lastly, we identify methodological research gaps and propose future research directions to bolster the current evidence base available for ascertaining the role of dairy fat in a healthy diet.
Preferential deposition of dairy derived fatty acids in muscle tissue is partially due to the upregulation of CD36 in a low-birth-weight swine model; Increased dairy intake can enhance the incorporation of dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) into pork.
Comprehensive Review of the Impact of Dairy Foods and Dairy Fat on Cardiometabolic Risk; Because regular-fat dairy products are a major source of cholesterol-raising saturated fatty acids (SFAs), current US and Canadian dietary guidelines for cardiovascular health recommend the consumption of low-fat dairy products. Yet, numerous randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have reported rather mixed effects of reduced-and regular-fat dairy consumption on blood lipid concentrations and on many other cardiometabolic disease risk factors, such as blood pressure and inflammation markers. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy in current dietary guidelines is being challenged, creating confusion within health professional circles and the public. This narrative review provides perspective on the research pertaining to the impact of dairy consumption and dairy fat on traditional and emerging cardiometabolic disease risk factors. This comprehensive assessment of evidence from RCTs suggests that there is no apparent risk of potential harmful effects of dairy consumption, irrespective of the content of dairy fat, on a large array of cardiometabolic variables, including lipid-related risk factors, blood pressure, inflammation, insulin resistance, and vascular function. This suggests that the purported detrimental effects of SFAs on cardiometabolic health may in fact be nullified when they are consumed as part of complex food matrices such as those in cheese and other dairy foods. Thus, the focus on low-fat dairy products in current guidelines apparently is not entirely supported by the existing literature and may need to be revisited on the basis of this evidence. Future studies addressing key research gaps in this area will be extremely informative to better appreciate the impact of dairy food matrices, as well as dairy fat specifically, on cardiometabolic health.
Effect of dairy supplementation on body composition and insulin resistance in mice; Objective: This study examined whether yogurt supplementation attenuated the weight gain and insulin resistance in mice fed a moderate-fat diet.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in South India; Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (>140/90) were 34.6% (n=255) in males and 30.7% (n=234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (>10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (>20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (<400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (>8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (men: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09; women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P<0.01). Significant determinants df hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors. Copyright (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Effects of nutritional supplementation on glucose metabolism and insulin function among people with HIV initiating ART; Background Without high-quality nutritional support, there is a risk that people infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) will replace lost muscle mass with fat mass when initiating antiretroviral therapy (ART). We have shown that lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNS) with whey or soy considerably increases lean mass among Ethiopian people with HIV starting ART. Here, we aim to assess the effects of LNS on insulin function and glucose metabolism. Methods This is a secondary analysis of a randomized trial testing the effect of three-month supplementation with LNS containing whey (LNS/whey) or soy (LNS/soy) among people with HIV. LNS/whey and LNS/soy groups were combined and then were compared against the non-supplemented group. The outcomes were change in fasting plasma-glucose (FPG), and 30-min glucose and 120-min glucose after oral glucose tolerance test. We further assessed effect on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment index for beta-cell function (HOMA-B) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results Of the 318 patients enrolled, 268 (84.3%) had available FPG and HbA1c and included. After 3 months of ART, HbA1c tended to be 2 mmol/mol higher in the LNS supplemented group, most pronounced among those receiving whey as the protein source. LNS led to higher 30-min glucose (0.5 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.2, 0.8) and 120-min glucose (0.4 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.03, 0.8) and a > 50% increase in fasting insulin, HOMA-B and HOMA-IR compared to the non-supplemented. Conclusion Among Ethiopian people with HIV initiating ART, short-term LNS intake increased glucose and insulin levels, and tended to increase HbA1c, potentially leading to more insulin resistance. Higher intake of carbohydrates with LNS could influence glycemic status. Whether these metabolic changes in early HIV treatment are beneficial or increase long-term risk of metabolic disorders needs to be explored.
Addition of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane to a high-saturated fat meal reduces the postprandial insulinaemic and inflammatory response in overweight and obese adults; Meals high in SFA, particularly palmitate, are associated with postprandial inflammation and insulin resistance. Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) has anti-inflammatory properties that may attenuate the negative effects of SFA-rich meals. Our objective was to examine the postprandial metabolic and inflammatory response to a high-fat meal composed of palm oil (PO) compared with PO with an added dairy fraction rich in MFGM (PO+MFGM) in overweight and obese men and women (n 36) in a randomised, double-blinded, cross-over trial. Participants consumed two isoenergetic high-fat meals composed of a smoothie enriched with PO with v. without a cream-derived complex milk lipid fraction (dairy fraction rich in MFGM) separated by a washout of 1-2 weeks. Serum cytokines, adhesion molecules, cortisol and markers of inflammation were measured at fasting, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially. Glucose, insulin and lipid profiles were analysed in plasma. Consumption of the PO + MFGM v. PO meal resulted in lower total cholesterol (P = 0.021), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.046), soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (P = 0.005) and insulin (P = 0.005) incremental AUC, and increased IL-10 (P = 0.013). Individuals with high baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (= 3 mg/l, n 17) had higher (P = 0.030) insulin at 1 h after the PO meal than individuals with CRP concentrations <3 mg/l (n 19). The addition of MFGM attenuated this difference between CRP groups. The addition of a dairy fraction rich in MFGM attenuated the negative effects of a high-SFA meal by reducing postprandial cholesterol, inflammatory markers and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals, particularly in those with elevated CRP.
Association of serum ferritin with metabolic syndrome in eight cities in China; Objective This study aims to evaluate the cross-sectional association of serum ferritin (SF) and the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components among adults in eight cities in China.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial; Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52-55% carbohydrates, 16-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Probiotics improve glucose and lipid metabolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis; Background: This study aims to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on the maternal metabolism and the risk of development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the pregnant women by a meta-analysis of relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
Pancreatic GLUT2 protein expression and isolated islets insulin secretion decreased in high-fat fed rat dams; PurposeChronic consumption of high-fat foods during the reproductive period may endanger the dams' metabolic homeostasis and might adversely affect pregnancy outcome. In this regard the present study aimed to investigate the effect of long-term high-fat feeding on pancreatic glucose transporter-2 (GLUT2) protein expression and isolated islets glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in Wistar rat dams.Materials and methodsFemale rats were randomly divided into normal (N) and high-fat (HF; containing cow butter) diet groups and consumed their respective diets for 10 weeks (from prepregnancy to the end of lactation). After lactation, fasting plasma concentrations of glucose and insulin were measured to calculate HOMA-IR index, then intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT) was performed. Moreover, the pancreatic GLUT2 protein expression and insulin secretion from isolated islets at basal (5.6 mM) and stimulated (16.7 mM) glucose concentrations were assessed.ResultsIn HF group compared to N group, the plasma insulin level increased, whereas the plasma glucose level did not change in fasting state. Accordingly, the HOMA-IR index increased in HF fed animals. Furthermore, the IPGTT revealed glucose intolerance based on the plasma glucose and insulin results. Also, the pancreatic GLUT2 expression and isolated islets insulin secretion, in response to high glucose concentration, were decreased.ConclusionThe chronic consumption of high-fat foods during prepregnancy, pregnancy, and lactation periods can lead to glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and inhibition of pancreatic GLUT2 expression, which impairs glucose homeostasis. Therefore, it is crucial to carefully monitor the diet composition of dams during this critical period.
Effect of Probiotic (VSL#3) and Omega-3 on Lipid Profile, Insulin Sensitivity, Inflammatory Markers, and Gut Colonization in Overweight Adults: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; To evaluate the effects of probiotic (VSL# 3) and omega-3 fatty acid on insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, and inflammation, we conducted a clinical trial in 60 overweight (BMI > 25), healthy adults, aged 40-60 years. After initial screening the subjects were randomized into four groups with 15 per group. The four groups received, respectively, placebo, omega-3 fatty acid, probioticVSL#3, or both omega-3 and probiotic, for 6 weeks. Blood and fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 6 weeks. The probiotic (VSL#3) supplemented group had significant reduction in total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and VLDL and had increased HDL (P < 0.05) value. VSL# 3 improved insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01), decreased hsCRP, and favorably affected the composition of gut microbiota. Omega-3 had significant effect on insulin sensitivity and hsCRP but had no effect on gut microbiota. Addition of omega-3 fatty acid with VSL# 3 hadmore pronounced effect on HDL, insulin sensitivity and hsCRP. Subjects with low HDL, insulin resistance, and high hsCRP had significantly lower total lactobacilli and bifidobacteria count and higher E. coli and bacteroides
The effect of dietary pioglitazone supplementation on milk yield, insulin sensitivity and GH-IGF-I axis in Holstein dairy cows during the transition period; BackgroundHigh-yielding dairy cows develop insulin resistance during late gestation associated with disruption of the growth hormone (GH)-insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I axis and cause metabolic and reproductive disorders. ObjectiveThis study aimed to determine the effects of dietary pioglitazone (PIO) supplementation as an insulin sensitizer agent on milk yield, plasma metabolite status and GH-IGF-I axis in transition Holstein dairy cows. MethodsTwenty multiparous cows were randomly assigned into two experimental groups (n = 10 animals per group) and either fed with a basal diet (control) or the basal diet supplemented with 6 mg PIO/kg body weight (BW) from day 14 before parturition to day 21 postpartum. The BW and body condition score (BCS), non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), insulin, glucose, GH and IGF-I concentrations, milk production and composition were measured weekly. ResultsBW and BCS losses were lower in PIO than in control cows (p < 0.05). The percentage and amount of milk fat were decreased, and the amount of protein increased only in the first post-calving week in the PIO-treated cows compared to the control (p < 0.05). Dietary PIO supplementation increased glucose concentration at calving, but insulin concentration was increased at calving and in the first post-calving week (p < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of IGF-I and the ratio of IGF to GH were increased in the PIO group (p < 0.05). The mean revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index with BHBA, as an insulin sensitivity index, was greater in PIO-supplemented cows (p < 0.05). ConclusionsOur results showed beneficial effects of PIO supplementation on improving insulin sensitivity and the GH-IGF-I axis that may cause lower negative energy balance and better metabolic and health status in transition dairy cows.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a-substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteopprosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Diabetes and social deprivation; Background: Diabetes prevalence is frequently associated with low socioeconomic status (SES), but little is known about the relationship between SES and diabetes control, follow-up and quality of if. We evaluated SES by using the EPICES score, an individual index of deprivation (Evaluation de la Precarite et des Inegalites de Sante dans les Centres d'Examen de Sante; Evaluation of Precariousness and Inequalities in Health Examination Centers). A total of 1686 subjects aged from 25 to 85 years were selected at random in Montpellier and 154 in Narbonne, of whom 126 were managed by a care network including diabetologists; general practitioners and nurses. Capillary glycemia, the body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and blood pressure were measured in all the subjects. HbA1c was measured in subjects with above-normal glycemia. Five hundred sixty-four subjects from the study population (190 diabetic patients, 292 subjects with non diabetic hyperglycemia, and 86 euglycemic subjects) were clinically evaluated and asked to complete a questionnaire covering socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived subjects. One hundred sixty-one diabetic patients had a clinical examination and completed a detailed questionnaire including their history, therapy, control and follow-up of diabetes, perception of diabetes, quality of life, socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived patients. One hundred twenty-six diabetic subjects managed by the AUDIAB care network were compared with 163 diabetics recruited in Montpellier, based on the same investigations and the same questionnaires. The data were compared between the overall patients and between deprived and non deprived patients. In the overall population, deprived subjects were younger and more frequently smokers, and had higher BMI than non deprived subjects. The overall prevalence of type 2 diabetes was 8.1 %. Among patients younger than 65 years, deprived subjects had a higher prevalence of diabetes and non diabetic hyperglycemia than non deprived subjects (6.9 % vs 4.4 % and 22.8 % vs 19.5 %). More are unmarried males and 33 % present with a significant level of education (secondary or university). Deprivation was associated with transport difficulties, vehicle acquisition, living in a private house, employment. More have few income to buy food and a large number use economic stores. They eat few proteins; fresh vegetables, fruits, dairy products and more often rice, pasta, tea, coffee and soft drinks. Most have their meals outside in economic restaurants. Dental problems are very common. 161 diabetic patients were evaluated. Deprived diabetics were younger, more frequently males, more smokers with an increased BMI and WC. Among deprived diabetic patients, diabetes was diagnosed later on and less often by a systematic inquiry than in the non deprived group. Deprived patients presented with a poorer glycaemic control, more hypoglycaemic and ketosis events than non deprived subjects. They present with more difficulties to accept dietary and antidiabetic drugs. Insulin was less frequently used. Quality of life was impaired with an increased prevalence of anxiety and depression. Diabetic patients treated in the "Reseau de soins AUDIAB" presented with a better control of their disease and a better quality of life than patients treated out of the "Reseau". These data were confirmed whatever the level of deprivation.
Food groups and intermediate disease markers: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background: In previous meta-analyses of prospective observational studies, we investigated the association between food groups and risk of chronic disease.
Whey protein supplementation reducing fasting levels of anandamide and 2-AG without weight loss in pre-menopausal women with obesity on a weight-loss diet; Background: Despite the importance of dairy proteins in modifying of metabolic abnormalities, no attention has been given to their effects on endocannabinoids.
Effect of Camel Milk on Glucose Homeostasis in Patients with Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; The effects of camel milk (CM) intake on glycemic control in patients with diabetes are controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to summarize the effect of CM intake on glucose homeostasis parameters in patients with both types of diabetes mellitus; T1DM and T2DM. We searched Google Scholar, PubMed/MEDLINE, EBSCO host, CINAHL, ScienceDirect, Cochrane, ProQuest Medical, Web of Science, and Scopus databases from inception until the end of November 2021. Relevant RCTs were identified, and the effect size was reported as mean difference (MD) and standard deviation (SD). Parameters of glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose (FBG), postprandial blood glucose (PBG), fasting serum insulin (FI), insulin resistance (expressed in terms of HOMA-IR), insulin dose (ID) received, serum insulin antibody (IA), and C-peptide (CP) were tested. Out of 4054 collected articles, 14 RCTs (total 663 subjects) were eligible for inclusion. The pooled results obtained using a random-effects model showed a statistically significant decrease in HbA1c levels (MD, -1.24, 95% confidence interval (CI): -2.00, -0.48, p < 0.001 heterogeneity (I-2) = 94%) and ID received (MD, -16.72, 95% CI: -22.09, -11.35 p < 0.00001, I-2 = 90%), with a clear tendency was shown, but non-significant, to decrease FBG (MD, -23.32, 95% CI: -47.33, 0.70, p = 0.06, I-2 = 98%) in patients with diabetes who consumed CM in comparison to those on usual care. Conversely, the consumption of CM did not show significant reductions in the rest of the glucose homeostasis parameters. Subgroup analysis revealed that patients with T2DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T1DM in lowering FBG, while patients with T1DM were more beneficially affected by CM intake than those with T2DM in lowering HbA1c. Both fresh and treated (pasteurized/fermented) CM gave similar beneficial effects in lowering HbA1c. Lastly, a relatively superior effect for longer duration on shorter duration (>6 months, <= 6 months, respectively) of CM intake is found in lowering HbA1c. To conclude, long-term consumption of CM by patients with diabetes could be a useful adjuvant therapy alongside classical medications, especially in lowering the required insulin dose and HbA1c. Due to the high heterogeneity observed in the included studies, more controlled trials with a larger sample size are warranted to confirm our results and to control some confounders and interfering factors existing in the analyzed articles.
The effects of proteins and medium-chain fatty acids from milk on body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure in abdominally obese adults; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether intake of whey protein and butter naturally enriched in medium-chain fatty acids (MC-SFAs) (C6-C12) affected body composition, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure (BP) and plasma cholesterol concentrations.
High consumptions of grain, fish, dairy products and combinations of these are associated with a low prevalence of metabolic syndrome; Objective: To analyse the relation between various food groups and the frequency of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS).
Increased Dairy Consumption Differentially Improves Metabolic Syndrome Markers in Male and Female Adults; Background: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria. Methods: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.19.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (LFD) (10oz of 1% milk, 6oz of nonfat yogurt, 4oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22). Results: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4 +/- 9.1 vs. 98.9 +/- 10.6mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=-0.537; P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=-0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics. Conclusions: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population.
Effect of Probiotics on Glycemic Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Controlled Trials; Background
Muscle p70S6K phosphorylation in response to soy and dairy rich meals in middle aged men with metabolic syndrome: a randomised crossover trial; Background: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is the primary regulator of muscle protein synthesis. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized by central obesity and insulin resistance; little is known about how MetS affects the sensitivity of the mTOR pathway to feeding.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) are associated with the development of metabolic disorders. Fructose is a major component of SSSDs and is demonstrated to induce uric acid (UA) production and stimulate fat accumulation independent of excess caloric intake. UA induce insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation, suggesting that UA may have a causal role in the development of metabolic complications. The objective of this study is to investigate the long-term effects of consuming SSSDs on circulating levels of UA in overweight and obese subjects.
Short Sleep Duration, Glucose Dysregulation and Hormonal Regulation of Appetite in Men and Women; Study Objective: To determine the hormonal effects of reducing sleep duration under controlled feeding conditions.
Is breakfast consumption detrimental, unnecessary, or an opportunity for health promotion? A review of cardiometabolic outcomes and functional food choices; Breakfast consumption is generally considered a health-promoting habit for cardiometabolism, particularly with regard to chrononutrition. Glucose uptake is enhanced by proper insulin secretion triggered by the pancreatic clock, averting metabolic dysregulation related to insulin resistance. Breakfast skipping, in turn, is often considered a behaviour detrimental to health, in part due to putative inverse metabolic actions compared to breakfast consumption, such that breakfast skipping may promote circadian desynchrony. However, most ill health concerns about breakfast skipping are inferred from observational research, and recent well-controlled randomized clinical trials have shown benefits of breakfast skipping for cardiovascular risk factors. Accordingly, this review describes the effects of breakfast consumption versus breakfast skipping on cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure and glycaemic and lipid indices). In addition, the view of breakfast consumption as an opportunity for functional food ingestion is considered to provide further insights into decision-making practice. Collectively, both breakfast consumption and breakfast skipping can be considered viable habits, but they depend on individual preferences, planning, and the specific foods being consumed or omitted. When consumed, breakfast should consist primarily of functional foods typical for this meal (e.g., eggs, dairy products, nuts, fruits, whole grains, coffee, tea, etc.). While breakfast consumption aligns with chrononutrition principles, breakfast skipping can contribute to a calorie deficit over time, which has the potential for widespread cardiometabolic benefits for patients with overweight/obesity. The concepts and practical considerations discussed in the present review may aid health care personnel in personalising breakfast consumption recommendations for diverse patient populations.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome; Objectives: The relationship between gut microflora and metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, low-grade chronic systemic inflammation, dyslipidemia, and altered glucose metabolism is now acknowledged. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic indexes and endothelial dysfunction markers in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen and consumption of dairy products. The DESIR study; We investigated whether tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (t-PA-Ag) was associated with intake of meat, fish, or dairy products. The study population comprised 295 women and 299 men aged 30-64 years, which was a random sample from the D.E.S.I.R. (Data from an Epidemiological Study on the Insulin Resistance syndrome) study comprising 5214 men and women in total. T-PA-Ag was measured in fasting blood samples and the habitual intake of foods was assessed by several questions on a food frequency questionnaire. Cross-sectional data were analyzed. The mean t-PA-Ag concentration was 3.28 ng/mL (SD, 1.26) in men and 2.52 ng/mL (SD, 1.22) in women. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was inversely associated with the consumption of milk and milk products in women (p for trend: 0.15) and in men (p for trend: 0.04). The difference between subjects with a low and a high milk consumption was 13% in women and 19% in men. Similar results were observed for consumption of cheese. The concentration of t-PA-Ag was 21 and 8% lower for women and men with a high cheese consumption, respectively, compared to those with a low consumption. Further analyses showed that the association of t-PA-Ag with milk and milk product consumption was independent of cheese consumption and vice versa. No association between meat or fish intake and t-PA-Ag was observed. The results of this study indicate that, if confirmed by others, a high intake of dairy products may influence fibrinolysis by an effect on t-PA-Ag. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Controlling energetic intake based on a novel logistic regression model for the metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population; The present study was designed to develop a novel method of energy calculation for controlling energetic intake in patients with the metabolic syndrome. Demographics and dietary data were recorded for 2582 obese subjects. Nutritional education was applied to all the patients. One year later, the data on age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI in subjects who lost >= 5% body weight were entered into a multivariate logistic regression analysis model. Energy requirement was calculated from the results of multivariate logistic regression. Four hundred and thirty-four metabolic syndrome patients were then randomly divided into the treated group (216) and the control group (218). The energetic intake in the experimental group was controlled based on the new energy requirement model. The traditional energy exchange method was used in the control group. The independent factors predicting metabolic syndrome prognosis, such as age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI, were identified by multivariate logistic regression analysis. The energy requirement model was then constructed by logistic regression analysis. After 6 months of energetic intake control based on the new model, the parameters of the experimental group were significantly different from those of the controls (all P<0.05): waistline, 89.65 (SD 5.54) v. 91.97 (SD 4.78) cm; BMI, 24.67 (SD 3.54) v. 25.87 (SD 2.65) kg/m(2); fasting blood glucose, 6.9 (SD 3.6) v. 8.7 (SD 4.6) mmol/l; 2 h PG, 8.7 (SD 5.7) v. 10.7 (SD 4.5) mmol/l; HbA(1)c, 7.7 (SD 1.6) v. 8.9 (SD 2.6) %; homoeostasis model insulin resistance index, 3.14 (SD 1.62) v. 4.32 (SD 2.25). The new energy requirement model can effectively improve the clinical outcomes of controlling energetic intake in metabolic syndrome patients.
Daily Inclusion of Resistant Starch-Containing Potatoes in a Dietary Guidelines for Americans Dietary Pattern Does Not Adversely Affect Cardiometabolic Risk or Intestinal Permeability in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Poor diet quality influences cardiometabolic risk. Although potatoes are suggested to adversely affect cardiometabolic health, controlled trials that can establish causality are limited. Consistent with potatoes being rich in micronutrients and resistant starch, we hypothesized that their inclusion in a Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA)-based dietary pattern would improve cardiometabolic and gut health in metabolic syndrome (MetS) persons. In a randomized cross-over trial, MetS persons (n = 27; 32.5 +/- 1.3 year) consumed a DGA-based diet for 2 weeks containing potatoes (DGA + POTATO; 17.5 g/day resistant starch) or bagels (DGA + BAGEL; 0 g/day resistant starch) prior to completing oral glucose and gut permeability tests. Blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, and insulin resistance decreased (p < 0.05) from baseline regardless of treatment without any change in body mass. Oral glucose-induced changes in brachial artery flow-mediated dilation, nitric oxide homeostasis, and lipid peroxidation did not differ between treatment arms. Serum endotoxin AUC(0-120 min) and urinary lactulose/mannitol, but not urinary sucralose/erythritol, were lower in DGA + POTATO. Fecal microbiome showed limited between-treatment differences, but the proportion of acetate was higher in DGA + POTATO. Thus, short-term consumption of a DGA-based diet decreases cardiometabolic risk, and the incorporation of resistant starch-containing potatoes into a healthy diet reduces small intestinal permeability and postprandial endotoxemia.
Skim milk as a recovery beverage after exercise is superior to a sports drink for reducing next-day postprandial blood glucose and increasing postprandial fat oxidation; Wedetermined the effect of consuming low-glycemic index (LGI) skimmilk compared to a high-glycemic index (HGI) sports drink following evening exercise on fat oxidation and blood lipids after a subsequent high-energy breakfast. We hypothesized that postexercise skim milk consumption, compared to sports drink, would increase fat oxidation and lower harmful blood lipid and glucose concentrations after a next-day high-energy breakfast. In this randomized counterbalanced crossover trial, 20 overweight-obese participants (bodymass index = 25 kg/m(2)) underwent 4 conditions: 90-minute exercise (50% VO2peak) followed by sports drink (EX-HGI), exercise followed by isoenergetic skimmilk (EX-LGI), exercise followed bywater (Exercise), and a control condition (Control). The amount of the sports drink or milk consumed postexercise was based on the energy used during exercise plus 10%. Blood lipids, glucose, and fat oxidation were assessed before and for 6 hours after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. Fat oxidation was highest for EX-LGI (6.7 +/- 2.7 g/h) and lowest for EX-HGI (6.0 +/- 1.8 g/h) (conditionmain effect; P =.042). Triglyceride concentration and total area under the curve were higher with EX-HGI than Exercise (1.7 +/- 1.6 vs 1.3 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, P =.037, and 11.7 +/- 9.4 vs 8.6 +/- 6.0 mmol L-1 h, P =.005, respectively). Glucose concentration was lower with EX-LGI than EX-HGI (4.1 +/- 1.1 vs 4.4 +/- 1.1 mmol/L, P =.027). Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was higher with EXHGI than Control (2.32 +/- 1.15 vs 1.86 +/- 0.97, P =.005). In conclusion, evening postexercise skim milk consumption, compared with a high-GI sports drink, significantly reduced blood glucose and possibly increased fat oxidation after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). This review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on MetS. A literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. Articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the English language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. Traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of MetS; however, these potential confounders were not always accounted for in study outcomes. Three dietary patterns emerged from the review; a Mediterranean dietary pattern, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet. Potential contributors to their beneficial effects on prevalence of MetS or reduction in MetS components included increases in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy and dairy components, calcium, vitamin D, and whey protein, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional prospective and high quality randomized controlled trial studies that investigate Mediterranean dietary pattern, the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet would cement the protective benefits of these diets against the MetS. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Healthy Nordic Diet Alters the Plasma Lipidomic Profile in Adults with Features of Metabolic Syndrome in a Multicenter Randomized Dietary Intervention; Background: A healthy Nordic diet is associated with improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, but the effect on lipidomic profile is not known.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on glucose tolerance in transition dairy cows; Overfeeding energy in the dry period can affect glucose metabolism and the energy balance of transition dairy cows with potential detrimental effects on the ability to successfully adapt to early lactation. The objectives of this study were to investigate the effect of different dry cow feeding strategies on glucose tolerance and on resting concentrations of blood glucose, glucagon, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) in the peripartum period. Cows entering second or greater lactation were enrolled at dry-off (57 d before expected parturition) into 1 of 3 treatment groups following a randomized block design: cows that received a total mixed ration (TMR) formulated to meet but not exceed energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, controlled energy); cows that received a TMR supplying approximately 150% of energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, high energy); and cows that were fed the same diet as the controlled energy group for the first 28 d, after which the TMR was formulated to supply approximately 125% of energy requirements until calving (n = 28, intermediate energy). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) with rapid administration of 0.25 g of glucose/kg of body weight were performed 28 and 10 d before expected parturition, as well as at 4 and 21 d after calving. Area under the curve for insulin and glucose, maximal concentration and time to half-maximal concentration of insulin and glucose, and clearance rates were calculated. Insulin resistance (IR) indices were calculated from baseline samples obtained during IVGTT and Spearman rank correlations determined between IVGTT parameters and IR indices. Treatment did not affect IVGTT parameters at any of the 4 time points. Correlation between IR indices and IVGTT parameters was generally poor. Overfeeding cows energy in excess of predicted requirements by approximately 50% during the entire dry period resulted in decreased postpartum basal plasma glucose and insulin, as well as increased glucagon, BHB, and NEFA concentrations after calving compared with cows fed a controlled energy diet during the dry period. In conclusion, overfeeding energy during the entire dry period or close-up period alone did not affect glucose tolerance as assessed by IVGTT but energy uptake during the dry period was associated with changes in peripartal resting concentrations of glucose, as well as postpartum insulin, glucagon, NEFA, and BHB concentrations.
Effect of Probiotics on the Glucose Levels of Pregnant Women: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition, in which women develop high blood sugar levels during pregnancy without having diabetes. Evidence on the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of women with GDM is inconsistent. Objective: The present study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotics on the blood glucose levels of pregnant women. Methods: Online databases, such as PubMed, Cochrane, and Excerpta Medica Database (EMBASE) were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published before July 2018. Trials had to meet the inclusion criteria of our study. Methodological quality and risk bias were independently assessed by two reviewers. Data were pooled using a random effects model and were expressed as the mean difference (MD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity was evaluated and quantified as I-2. Results: In total, 12 RCTs were included in this study. Studies have shown that the use of probiotics significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.19, -0.02), insulin concentration (MD: -2.24 mu IU/mL; 95% CI: -3.69, -0.79), Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) score (MD: -0.47; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.21), and Homeostasis model of assessment-estimated beta cell function (HOMA-B) score (MD: -20.23; 95% CI: -31.98, -8.49) of pregnant women. In a subgroup analysis, whether the blood glucose-lowering effect of probiotics influenced the diagnosis of pregnant women with GDM was assessed. The results showed that probiotics had significantly reduced the fasting blood glucose (FBG) level (MD: -0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.17, -0.04) and HOMA-IR score (MD: -0.37; 95% CI: - 0.72, -0.02) of pregnant women who were not diagnosed with GDM. Conclusion: Probiotics reduce the blood glucose level of pregnant women, especially without GDM diagnosis. However, further research using RCTs must be conducted to validate the results of the present study.
Effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500IU nano encapsulated vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial; Background & aims
Comparison of efficacy and safety of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid peeling 70% in axillary and neck lesions of acanthosis nigricans: A single-blinded, randomized trial; BackgroundAcanthosis nigricans is a non-inflammatory skin pigmentary disorder characterized by a dark, velvety appearance, primarily observed in the neck and axillary areas. It is commonly associated with obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Although the primary treatment is correcting the underlying disorders, many aesthetic modalities have been established to improve appearance owing to cosmetic concerns.AimsWe aimed to compare and investigate the effectiveness and side effects of tretinoin 0.05% and glycolic acid 70% in treating acanthosis nigricans lesions of the axillary and neck area.MethodsThis single-blinded, randomized trial recruited patients with neck or axillary involvement. Each patient was randomized to use cream tretinoin 0.05% every other night on one side, while the other side was treated with glycolic acid 70%, which was applied every 2 weeks at the clinic for four consecutive sessions. The study duration was 8 weeks, and patients were evaluated every 2 weeks based on their response to treatment, satisfaction, and side effects.ResultsThirty patients, including 14 with neck lesions and 16 with axillary lesions, were included. Tretinoin was significantly more effective for axillary lesions in terms of treatment response and patient satisfaction (p = 0.02 and p = 0.008, respectively). It was also shown that as the severity of the lesions increased, the response to treatment and patient satisfaction decreased, specifically when treating axillary lesions with glycolic acid (p = 0.02 and p = 0.03, respectively).ConclusionNeither method was significantly effective for neck lesions. However, tretinoin 0.05% was shown to be more efficacious in treating axillary lesions of acanthosis nigricans, despite causing minimal side effects.
A whey protein supplement decreases post-prandial glycemia; Background: Incidence of diabetes, obesity and insulin resistance are associated with high glycemic load diets. Identifying food components that decrease post-prandial glycemia may be beneficial for developing low glycemic foods and supplements. This study explores the glycemic impact of adding escalating doses of a glycemic index lowering peptide fraction (GILP) from whey to a glucose drink.
Comparison of the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet with usual dietary advice on expression of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor gamma gene in women: A randomized controlled clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) which controls body weight, glucose homeostasis, and adipocyte differentiation is a valuable candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and usual dietary advice (UDA) on PPAR-gamma gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Effects of supplementation with milk protein on glycemic parameters: a GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis; Background It is suggested that supplementation with milk protein (MP) has the potential to ameliorate the glycemic profile; however, the exact impact and certainty of the findings have yet to be evaluated. This systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessed the impact of MP supplementation on the glycemic parameters in adults.Methods A systematic search was carried out among online databases to determine eligible RCTs published up to November 2022. A random-effects model was performed for the meta-analysis.Results A total of 36 RCTs with 1851 participants were included in the pooled analysis. It was displayed that supplementation with MP effectively reduced levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): -1.83 mg/dL, 95% CI: -3.28, -0.38; P = 0.013), fasting insulin (WMD: -1.06 uU/mL, 95% CI: -1.76, -0.36; P = 0.003), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.27, 95% CI: -0.40, -0.14; P < 0.001) while making no remarkable changes in serum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values (WMD: 0.01%, 95% CI: -0.14, 0.16; P = 0.891). However, there was a significant decline in serum levels of HbA1c among participants with normal baseline body mass index (BMI) based on sub-group analyses. In addition, HOMA-IR values were significantly lower in the MP supplement-treated group than their untreated counterparts in short- and long-term supplementation (<= 8 and > 8 weeks) with high or moderate doses (>= 60 or 30-60 g/d) of MP or whey protein (WP). Serum FBG levels were considerably reduced upon short-term administration of a low daily dose of WP (< 30 g). Furthermore, the levels of serum fasting insulin were remarkably decreased during long-term supplementation with high or moderate daily doses of WP.Conclusion The findings of this study suggest that supplementation with MP may improve glycemic control in adults by reducing the values of fasting insulin, FBG, and HOMA-IR. Additional trials with longer durations are required to confirm these findings.
Inclusion of walnut in the diets of adults at risk for type 2 diabetes and their dietary pattern changes: a randomized, controlled, cross-over trial; Background: In our recently published study, including walnuts in the diets of adults with prediabetes led to overall improvement in diet quality. This report adds to those study findings by examining the food groups displaced during walnut inclusion in the diets of those adults with prediabetes.
Short communication: Effect of supplementation with <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota on insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in subjects with metabolic syndrome-A pilot study; Based on animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria was suggested to improve insulin sensitivity by reducing endotoxinemia and inflammation. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of supplementation with the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) over 12 wk on insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction parameters in subjects with metabolic syndrome. In a randomized-controlled study, 30 subjects with metabolic syndrome either received Lactobacillus casei Shirota 3 times daily for 12 wk or served as controls with standard medical therapy. Fasting blood samples were taken and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to derive indices for insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. In addition, parameters to assess endothelial function and inflammation markers were determined. Even though the insulin sensitivity index significantly improved after 3 mo of probiotic supplementation (0.058 +/- 0.021 vs. 0.038 +/- 0.025), the change was not significantly different compared with the control group. No improvements were seen in additional indices of insulin sensitivity (quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, insulin sensitivity by oral glucose tolerance test, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance) and beta-cell function (first and second phase insulin secretion, and homeostasis model assessment for beta-cell function). Probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) level (1,614 +/- 343 vs. 1,418 +/- 265 ng/mL). No significant changes in parameters used to assess low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction were observed. Intake of LcS for 12 wk in subjects with metabolic syndrome did not improve insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, endothelial function, or inflammation markers in this trial.
Safety and efficacy of Advastat® (containing 10 % acarbose produced by <i>Actinoplanes utahensis</i> CBS 961.70) as feed additive for cattle for fattening and dairy cows<SUP>1</SUP> Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Additives and Products or Substances used in Animal Feed (Question No EFSA-Q-2007-172) Adopted on 22 October 2008; Following a request from the European Commission, the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) was asked to deliver a scientific opinion on the safety and efficacy of Advastat (R) (containing acarbose as active substance) as feed additive for cattle for fattening and dairy cows, under the category zootechnical and functional group digestibility enhancer. The applicant claims two benefits from using Advastat (R) : an effect on animal welfare (reduction of the risk of acidosis) and on animal performance (more favourable ruminal fermentation). Acarbose is already used in human medicine as an oral first-line or adjunctive treatment for reducing postprandial hyperglycaemia in Type II diabetes mellitus.
The effect of Allium saralicum R. M. Fritsch nanocapsules in yogurt on type 2 diabetes in male rats: physicochemical characterization and pharmacodynamics assessment; To treat illness, people are increasingly turning to natural foods rather than pharmaceuticals. Herbal extracts with antioxidant and anti-diabetic properties could be a good alternative for treating diabetes. The purpose of this study was to look into the effects of ethanol extraction on the Morphology of liver cells and hyperglycemia in rats of Allium saralicum RM Fritsch nanocapsules based on chitosan incorporated with yogurt. In this experimental study, 32 adult Wistar rats were randomly selected. The effect of Nano extraction on hypoglycemia was assessed using blood glucose levels three and fifteen days after a streptozotocin intraperitoneal (60 mg/kg) injection, as well as hepatocyte count and liver tissue morphology. The average size of the chitosan nanoparticles was determined to be 86 nm. After comparing the blood sugar levels of the A. saralicum nanocapsules groups to the untreated diabetes group, a significant decrease was constructed to observe hyperglycemia. Because of increased effective absorption in the intestine, nanocapsules incorporated into yogurt were able to reduce hyperglycemia in diabetic rats. As a result, a new yogurt formulation containing A. saralicum nanocapsules extract is recommended for diabetic patients.
Silybin combined with phosphatidylcholine and vitamin E in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: A randomized controlled trial; The only currently recommended treatment for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is lifestyle modification. Preliminary studies of silybin showed beneficial effects on liver function. Realsil (RA) comprises the silybin phytosome complex (silybin plus phosphatidylcholine) coformulated with vitamin E. We report on a multicenter, phase III, double-blind clinical trial to assess RA in patients with histologically documented NAFLD. Patients were randomized 1:1 to RA or placebo (P) orally twice daily for 12 months. Prespecified primary outcomes were improvement over time in clinical condition, normalization of liver enzyme plasma levels, and improvement of ultrasonographic liver steatosis, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), and quality of life. Secondary outcomes were improvement in liver histologic score and/or decrease in NAFLD score without worsening of fibrosis and plasma changes in cytokines, ferritin, and liver fibrosis markers. We treated 179 patients with NAFLD; 36 were also HCV positive. Forty-one patients were prematurely withdrawn and 138 patients analyzed per protocol (69 per group). Baseline patient characteristics were generally well balanced between groups, except for steatosis, portal infiltration, and fibrosis. Adverse events (AEs) were generally transient and included diarrhea, dysgeusia, and pruritus; no serious AEs were recorded. Patients receiving RA but not P showed significant improvements in liver enzyme plasma levels, HOMA, and liver histology. Body mass index normalized in 15% of RA patients (2.1% with P). HCV-positive patients in the RA but not the P group showed improvements in fibrogenesis markers. This is the first study to systematically assess silybin in NAFLD patients. Treatment with RA but not P for 12 months was associated with improvement in liver enzymes, insulin resistance, and liver histology, without increases in body weight. These findings warrant further investigation. (c) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of 3 ad libitum diets for weight-loss maintenance, risk of cardiovascular disease, and diabetes: a 6-mo randomized, controlled trial; Background: The optimal dietary content and type of fat and carbohydrate for weight management has been debated for decades.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of the effects of synbiotics, probiotics, or prebiotics in controlling glucose homeostasis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients; Background: Probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics have been suggested as a possible therapy for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, their efficacy in improving blood glucose levels in NAFLD patients remains uncertain. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of supplementation with probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics on fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels in NAFLD patients. Methods: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Google Scholar for relevant trials published up to March 2024. Out of 3369 identified studies, 24 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Results: Probiotic, prebiotic, or synbiotic supplementation substantially reduced FBG (n = 23; standard mean difference (SMD) = -0.17; 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.30, -0.03; P = 0.02), fasting insulin levels (n = 12; SMD = -0.28; 95% CI: -0.49, -0.07; P = 0.01), and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; n = 14; SMD = -0.28; 95% CI: -0.47, -0.09; P = 0.004). However, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c; n = 3; SMD = -0.17; 95% CI: -0.48, 0.13; P = 0.27) was not significantly affected. The FBG-decreasing effect diminished as the body mass index (BMI) of volunteers increased in the baseline. Additionally, the number of probiotic strains and geographic region were shown to significantly affect FBG levels. Conclusion: This meta-analysis indicates that supplementation with probiotics, prebiotics, or synbiotics may aid in controlling glucose homeostasis in patients with NAFLD.
Effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals; The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. The present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. The subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. Fasting blood samples and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. Seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (SEM 0.86) years and a mean BMI of 31.3 (SEM 0.8) kg/m(2) completed the study. Subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. Fasting TAG levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (P=0.025) and 12 weeks (P=0.035). There was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (P=0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (P<0.001 and 0.003, respectively). Fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (P=0.049 and P=0.034, respectively). The present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
Emulsifying dietary fat modulates postprandial endotoxemia associated with chylomicronemia in obese men: a pilot randomized crossover study; Background: Postprandial hyperlipemia is recognized as a major cardio-metabolic risk factor, recently linked to the co-absorption of pro-inflammatory lipopolysaccharides with dietary lipids. This causes endotoxemia that is involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and insulin resistance, but to date the impact of food formulation is unknown. We tested a novel concept that endotoxin absorption can be modulated by fat emulsified structure in the meal, and potentially differently in obese vs. lean men.
Hepatic and extrahepatic expression of serum amyloid A3 during lactation in dairy cows; Serum amyloid A3 (SAA3) is the predominant SAA isoform secreted by mammary epithelial cells in dairy cows; it is also expressed in bovine adipose tissue (AT). The adipokine SAA3 is linked to obesity and insulin resistance of AT and the respective inflammatory response, at least in mice. Dietary treatment with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reportedly also affects insulin sensitivity and inflammatory status in monogastrics. Both SAA3 and CLA thus seem to alter similar functions. Based on changes in insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory status throughout lactation, we hypothesized that the mRNA abundance of SAA3 in various tissues might be regulated as well and that CLA could be a modulator of SAA3 mRNA expression. In 2 trials, 21 pluriparous and 25 primiparous Holstein cows were fed 100 g/d of a CLA or a control fat supplement from d 1 to 182 or 105 postpartum, respectively. Biopsies from liver and subcutaneous (s.c.) AT from pluriparous cows and samples from 3 different visceral AT and 3 s.c. AT, muscle, mammary gland, and liver tissue from slaughtered primiparous cows were obtained. In an adipocyte cell culture system, cell samples were collected during differentiation of bovine preadipocytes at d 0, 2, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 13 relative to the onset of differentiation. The SAA3 mRNA abundance in tissues and in differentiating bovine preadipocytes was measured by real-time PCR. The presence of the SAA protein was confirmed by Western blotting. Treatment with CLA yielded only few and inconsistent effects on SAA3 mRNA abundance. In both trials, SAA3 mRNA peaked at d 1 postpartum in all tissues except in mesenteric AT, in which the change was not significant. The highest SAA3 mRNA expression was observed in the mammary gland, followed by omental AT. The SAA protein was present in the visceral and s.c. AT depots investigated. Adipocytes as one source of SAA3 were confirmed by the SAA3 mRNA profile in differentiating adipocytes. The longitudinal changes observed point to SAA3 being involved in the inflammatory situation around parturition.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET); Adamsson V, Reumark A, Fredriksson I-B, Hammarstrom E, Vessby B, Johansson G, Riserus U (Uppsala University, Uppsala; Lantmannen R&D, Stockholm; Bollnas Heart Clinic, Mitt Hjarta, Bollnas; Halmstad University, Halmstad, Sweden). Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET). J Intern Med 2011; 269: 150-159.
Plant Protein Can Be as Efficient as Milk Protein to Maintain Fat Free Mass in Old Rats, Even When Fat and Sugar Intakes Are High; Background: Alternative, sustainable, and adequate sources of protein must be found to meet global demand. Objectives: Our aim was to assess the effect of a plant protein blend with a good balance of indispensable amino acids and high contents of leucine, arginine, and cysteine on the maintenance of muscle protein mass and function during aging in comparison to milk proteins and to determine if this effect varied according to the quality of the background diet. Methods: Old male Wistar rats (n 1/4 96, 18 mo old) were randomly allocated for 4 mo to 1 of 4 diets, differing according to protein source (milk or plant protein blend) and energy content (standard, 3.6 kcal/g, with starch, or high, 4.9 kcal/g, with saturated fat and sucrose). We measured: every 2 mo, body composition and plasma biochemistry; before and after 4 mo, muscle functionality; after 4 mo, in vivo muscle protein synthesis (flooding dose of L-[1 -13C]-valine) and muscle, liver, and heart weights. Two-factor ANOVA and repeated measures 2-fac-tor ANOVA were conducted. Results: There was no difference between protein type on the maintenance during aging of lean body mass, muscle mass, and muscle functionality. The high-energy diet significantly increased body fat (+47%) and heart weight (+8%) compared to the standard energy diet but had no effect on fasting plasma glucose and insulin. Muscle protein synthesis was significantly stimulated by feeding to the same extent in all groups (+13%). Conclusions: Since high-energy diets had little impact on insulin sensitivity and related metabolism, we could not test the hypothesis that in situations of higher insulin resistance, our plant protein blend may be better than milk protein. However, this rat study offers significant proof of concept from the nutritional standpoint that appropriately blended plant proteins can have high nutritional value even in demanding situations such as aging protein metabolism.
Ingesting Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 Reduces Abdominal Fat Accumulation and Chronic Inflammation in Overweight Adults in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. We have suggested that the administration of heat-treated Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study.
Effect of Probiotic, Prebiotic, and Synbiotic Supplementation on Cardiometabolic and Oxidative Stress Parameters in Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Purpose: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major health problem worldwide. Evidence supporting the use of probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic supplementation in the management of CKD is mixed, although some studies suggest they may be useful. A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotic, prebiotic, and synbiotic supplementation for improving cardiometabolic and oxidative stress parameters in patients with CKD.
Dairy and industrial sources of <i>trans</i> fat do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in overweight women; Background: The 2 major dietary sources of trans fatty acids (TFAs) are partially hydrogenated oils and ruminant-derived products. Epidemiologic data suggest that chronic consumption of industrial sources of TFAs could be damaging to insulin sensitivity, but intervention studies on this issue have remained inconclusive.
Waking Salivary Cortisol Associated with Magnitude of Cholesterol Reduction in Women Fed a Healthy Whole-Food Diet for 8 Weeks; Background: Diet and cortisol are independently linked to cardiometabolic function and health, but underlying alterations in circulating cortisol may influence beneficial cardiometabolic effects of consuming a healthy diet.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle III: Administration of rblL-8 induces insulin resistance in bull calves; Our previous work has suggested that recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rbIL-8) treatment might influence cow metabolism. Therefore, this study was conducted to initially assess the effects of systemic administration of rbIL-8 on response to a glucose challenge, blood metabolites, insulin, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor-1, immune cell populations, and inflammatory parameters in Holstein bull calves. Calves from 30 +/- 6 d of life were individually housed and randomly allocated to 1 of 2 treatment groups: rbIL-8 (rbIL-8, n = 10) and control (CTR, n = 8). Calves assigned to the rbIL-8 group received 1 s.c. injection (d 1, 0900 h) and 6 i.v. injections (d 1 at 1600 h, d 2 and 3 at 0900 h and 1600 h, and d 4 at 0900 h) of rbIL-8 (4 mu g/kg of body weight), whereas the CTR group received 2 mL of sterile saline solution at each time point. Day of enrollment was considered as d 1, and the study duration was 10 d. Insulin concentrations and whole-body glucose disappearance were evaluated by an i.v. glucose tolerance test conducted at 12 h and 7 d following the last rbIL-8 injection. Rectal temperature and blood samples were collected on d 1, 2, 3, and 4 at -30 (before treatmerit, 0830 h), 30, 60, 120, 240, arid 360 min relative to treatment, and daily at 0830 h for the rest of the study period. Serum was harvested, and the following parameters were measured: beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, plasma urea nitrogen, haptoglobin, and differential blood count. Significant differences were considered when P <= 0.05 and a trend if 0.05 < P <= 0.10. Serum glucose levels and glucose area under the curve (AUC) did riot differ between treatment groups in response to the glucose challenge. However, calves treated with rbIL-8 had greater serum insulin concentration and insulin AUC compared with controls. Administration of rbIL-8 increased rectal temperature (rbIL-8 = 39.3 +/- 0.1; CTR = 38.9 +/- 0.1 degrees C; +/- standard error), BHB concentrations (rbIL-8 = 3.54 +/- 0.10; CTR = 2.99 +/- 0.12 mg/dL), counts of lymphocytes (rbIL-8 = 4.52 +/- 0.12; CTR = 3.84 +/- 0.14 x 10(3)/mu L), monocytes (rbIL-8 = 0.87 +/- 0.03; CTR = 0.67 +/- 0.04 x 10(3)/mu L), and granulocytes (rbIL-8 = 3.54 + 0.22; CTR. = 2.66 + 0.24 x 10(3)/mu L). We conclude that rbIL-8 induces insulin resistance in Holstein bull calves, accompanied by systemic inflammation and altered blood metabolites and white blood cell populations.
Effects of a diet based on the Dietary Guidelines on vascular health and TMAO in women with cardiometabolic risk factors; Background and aims: Recent evidence links trimethylamine oxide (TMAO) to endothelial dysfunction, an early indicator of cardiovascular disease. We aimed to determine whether short-term consumption of a diet patterned after the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) would affect endothelial function, plasma TMAO concentrations, and cardiovascular disease risk, differently than a typical American Diet (TAD). Methods and results: An 8-wk controlled feeding trial was conducted in overweight/obese women pre-screened for insulin resistance and/or dyslipidemia. Women were randomized to a DGA or TAD group (n = 22/group). At wk0 (pre-intervention) and wk8 (post-intervention) vascular age was calculated; endothelial function (reactive hyperemia index (RHI)) and augmentation index (AI@75) were measured using EndoPAT, and plasma TMAO was measured by LC-MS/ MS. Vascular age was reduced in DGA at wk8 compared to wk0 but TAD wk8 was not different from wk0 (DGA wk0: 54.2 +/- 4.0 vs. wk8: 50.5 +/- 3.1 (p = 0.05), vs. TAD wk8: 47.7 +/- 2.3). Plasma TMAO concentrations, RHI, and AI@75 were not different between groups or weeks. Conclusion: Consumption of a diet based on the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans for 8 weeks did not improve endothelial function or reduce plasma TMAO. Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02298725. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effects of heat-inactivated <i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> TMC0356 on metabolic characteristics and immunity of rats with the metabolic syndrome; The present study investigated the potential health-promoting effects of heat-inactivated Lactobacillus gasseri TMC0356 (TMC0356) on the metabolic syndrome (MS) and the probable mechanisms underlying these effects using an MS rat model. For the purpose of the study, sixty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups: a control group fed a conventional diet, an MS model group fed a high-fat and high-salt (HFS) diet and three TMC0356 test groups (low-, medium- and high-dose groups) fed an HFS diet supplemented with TMC0356 at 41.8, 83.5 and 167.0 mg/kg body weight (BW) per d, respectively. Food intake and BW were measured weekly. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), lipid profiles and blood pressure (BP) were measured at 0, 5, 10 and 15 weeks. Organ coefficients, immune cell counts and serum insulin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), IL-6, TNF-alpha, IgG and secretory IgA levels were measured at the 15th week after diet intervention. The HFS diet increased the BW, liver or fat: BW ratio, FBG, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, adiponectin, serum LDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol levels and BP (P<0.01). Average food and energy intakes in the three TMC0356 groups were significantly lower than those of the MS model group. All the metabolic indices, except BP, were markedly improved (P<0.05) by oral administration of low and medium doses of TMC0356. The thymus index in the medium-dose group and lymphocyte, CRP, IL-6, TNF-alpha and IgG levels in all the three TMC0356 groups were significantly increased (P<0.05 or P<0.01) compared with those in the MS model group. These results suggest that TMC0356 can improve the metabolic characteristics of MS rats by suppressing appetite. Additionally, the enhancement of inflammatory immune response may be, at least in part, the mechanism underlying the health-promoting effects of TMC0356 on the MS.
Effects of abomasal infusion of nicotinic acid on responses to glucose and β-agonist challenges in underfed lactating cows; The objectives were to assess the use of nicotinic acid (NA) to chronically (i.e., 74 h) manipulate plasma nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations in partially feed-restricted lactating cows, determine whether the reduction of plasma NEFA altered responses to i.v. glucose tolerance test (ivGTT) and whether NA would attenuate an acute lipolytic stimuli of a beta-agonist challenge (ivBAC). Eight lactating dairy cows [244 +/- 31 d in milk; 696 +/- 63 kg of body weight (BW)] were blocked by breed and body condition score (3.2 +/- 0.4) and randomly assigned to a sequence of 2 treatments in a crossover design. Treatments were 74-h continuous abomasal infusion of NA solution (3 mg/h per kg of BW) as an antilipolytic agent to decrease plasma NEFA concentrations or the same volume of water (200 mL/h), concomitant with partial feed restriction. From 0 to 74 h of each experimental period, cows were feed-restricted to 33% of the ad libitum intake recorded during the prior 5 d. An ivGTT (0.25 g/kg of BW of glucose i.v.) and an ivBAC (4 nmol/kg of BW of isoproterenol hydrochloride, i.v.) were performed at 48 and 72 h, respectively. Intake was 24.1, 8.2, 8.0, and 8.0 kg of dry matter/d before restriction, on d 1, 2 and 3, respectively. Nicotinic acid decreased plasma NEFA and increased insulin and glucose concentrations during feed restriction. Nicotinic acid also led to greater glucose and insulin response areas under the curve during ivGTT [glucose: 6,562 vs. 5,056 (mg/dL) x180 min; insulin: 6,042 vs. 2,502 (mu IU/mL) x180 min] and ivBAC [glucose: 535 vs. 240 (mg/dL) x120 min; insulin: 1,283 vs. 222 (mu IU/mL) x120 min], and enhanced NEFA area under the curve during ivBAC [45,521 vs. 22,862 (mu Eq/L) x120 min]. Milk, fat, and protein yields (29.1, 1.2, and 0.93 kg on d -2, respectively) decreased to 17.9, 0.81, and 0.56 kg for control, and 11.5, 0.54, and 0.39 kg for NA on d 3, respectively. Nicotinic acid may have decreased production by inhibiting the supply of NEFA for energy and milk fat synthesis. Milk urea nitrogen was increased by NA on d 2 (12.8 vs. 19.1 mg/dL) and d 3 (11.6 vs. 17.8 mg/dL), probably due to a greater reliance on mobilized amino acids. Somatic cell count was increased by NA on d 3 (187 vs. 848 x1,000 cells/mL). Patterns of glucose and insulin concentration observed during 74 h of NA infusion reflect a state of insulin resistance, which contrasts with shorter term responses in nonlactating cows. Data suggest that long-term supraphysiological infusion of NA affected intermediary metabolism beyond antilipolysis and did not inhibit acute lipolytic stimuli of ivBAC.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: A 10-week randomized controlled trial; Background and Aims: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in over-weight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric-restricted diet.
Consumption of probiotic yogurt and vitamin D-fortified yogurt increases fasting level of GLP-1 in obese adults undergoing low-calorie diet: A double-blind randomized controlled trial; Energy restriction and manipulation of macronutrient composition of the diet are the main approaches that are used by people who aim to lose weight. When such strategies are employed, appetite and endocrine regulators of satiety, such as gut peptides, all are deeply affected. The gut microbiota-brain axis controls energy homeostasis in humans by affecting central satiety and gut peptides. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if the synergistic effect of probiotics and vitamin D in yogurt matrix can modulate this effect. In the double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 140 obese adults were randomly allocated into four groups: 1) regular yogurt plus low-calorie diet; 2) PY plus low-calorie diet; 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet, and 4) probiotic and vitamin D co-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet. All groups were encouraged to increase their physical activity. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide Tyrosin-Tysrosin (PYY), ghrelin, anthropometric variables, insulin, fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin resistance/sensitivity, 1,25(OH)(2) D-3, dietary intake, and physical activity were measured before and after 10 weeks. The difference between groups for GLP-1 after 10 weeks was significant after adjusting for baseline GLP-1 and protein intake as confounders. PY showed the largest effect size (ES) on GLP-1 (p = 14.2) and FBS (p = 14) compared with others. Pairwise comparison of yogurts effect sizes on GLP-1 showed a significant difference in group 1 vs. group 2 (p = .001), group 1 vs. group 3 (p = .003), and group 1 vs. group 4 (p = .048). Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the largest effect size on the serum level of vitamin D and it showed a significant difference with RY (p = .018) and PY (p = .002). Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt and PY could be regarded as a promising approach during calorie restriction.
Moderate over-feeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein improved gestational insulin resistance markers and maternal metabolic status of sheep around lambing; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of moderate over-nutrition of energy (using flaxseed as a source of n-3 fatty acids) and protein (using rumen-protected lysine and methionine) around parturition on prepartal insulin resistance (IR) and periparturient metabolic status and performance of ewes. For this purpose, 32 apparently healthy ewes (2.5 +/- 1 years old, 42.19 +/- 1.65 kg body weight (BW)) were randomly selected out of 200 pregnant Zell ewes on d 50 before the expected lambing. After receiving a ten-day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to one of the following four dietary treatments: 1) the adaptation diet that meets the metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) requirements of ewes during late pregnancy as recommended by National Research Council = NRC (2007) (Control = CON). 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than NRC (2007) recommendations using corn grain as a source of extra ME (HEC). 3) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME compared to NRC (2007) recommendations using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF). 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than NRC (2007) recommendations using rumen-protected lysine and methionine as a source of extra MP (PRO). While the dietary treatments did not affect animals' dry matter intake (DMI), the CON ewes lost more BW starting from d 10 to d 30 relative to parturition compared to others (P < 0.05). Milk protein and fat yield (g/d) were significantly higher for PRO and HEF compared to HEC and CON ewes (P < 0.05). Moderately over-fed ewes with MP and ME had an improved insulin sensitivity (IS) compared to CON ones. The source of additional ME also impacted IR indices because HEC showed an enhancement in IS than HEF animals (P < 0.05). A lower IS in CON ewes was parallel with higher concentrations of plasma urea at prepartum (P < 0.01), lower levels of plasma cholesterol, triglyceride (P < 0.01) and glucose post-partum (P < 0.05), and a tendency for higher levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and non-esterifled fatty acids (NEFA) in CON ewes during both pre- and post-partum periods. There were negative correlations between plasma urea, BHB, and NEFA with IR markers on d 7 prepartum in line with these results. Comparing data, we could not find a significant change in metabolic status among ewes fed with either PRO or HEF/HEC. In conclusion, the inclusion of 10% extra MP and ME could improve late gestation maternal IS and the metabolic status of dams around lambing. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Soy Milk Enriched with <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> and Omega-3 on the Tibia and L5 Vertebra in Diabetic Rats: a Stereological Study; Bone fragility, despite relatively high BMD values, is an important complication related to insulin resistance and oxidative stress in diabetes mellitus type 1. The present study aimed to compare the effects of soy milk (SM), soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei (PSM), and soy milk enriched with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 (OPSM) on the stereology of the tibia and vertebra, and antioxidant activity in type 1 diabetic rats. Sixty-five male Sprague Dawley rats were randomly assigned into 5 groups of 13 animals each. Diabetes was induced by a single injection of STZ (60 mg/kg); two control groups (non-diabetic: CN and diabetic: CD) were selected and then fed with 1 mL of distilled water. Three treatment groups were fed 1 ml of SM, PSM, and OPSM via intragastric gavage for 60 days. Treatment with SM, PSM, and OPSM significantly decreased (P < 0.05) the number of the osteoclasts in both tibia and L5 vertebra, and plasma alkaline phosphatase level. Also, the osteoblast number, calcium level, catalase activity, and total antioxidant capacity were increased in the SM, PSM, and OPSM groups compared to the STZ group. OPSM had the greatest effects on the stereological and biochemical parameters compared to the SM and PSM groups. Soy milk combination with Lactobacillus casei and omega-3 can ameliorate the stereological changes in the tibia and vertebra. In addition, this combination increased the antioxidant activity and improved the redox homeostasis in diabetic rats. These results suggest the potential role of soy milk containing Lactobacillus casei enriched with omega-3 in preventing and delaying osteoporosis in diabetic patients.
Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Cognitive Function and Metabolic Status in Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind and Controlled Trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Alzheimer's disease (AD) is associated with severe cognitive impairments as well as some metabolic defects. Scant studies in animal models indicate a link between probiotics and cognitive function. This randomized, double-blind, and controlled clinical trial was conducted among 60 AD patients to assess the effects of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function and metabolic status. The patients were randomly divided into two groups (n = 30 in each group) treating with either milk (control group) or a mixture of probiotics (probiotic group). The probiotic supplemented group took 200 ml/day probiotic milk containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Lactobacillus Bifidobacterium bifidum, and Lactobacillus fermenturn (2 x 10(9) CFU/g for each) for 12 weeks. Mini-mental state examination (MMSE) score was recorded in all subjects before and after the treatment. Pre- and post-treatment fasting blood samples were obtained to determine the related markers. After 12 weeks intervention, compared with the control group (-5.03% +/- 3.00), the probiotic treated (+27.90% +/- 8.07) patients showed a significant improvement in the MMSE score (P 0.001). In addition, changes in plasma malondialdehyde (-22.01% +/- 4.84 vs. +2.67% +/- 3.86 mu mol/L, P 0.001), serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-17.61% +/- 3.70 vs. +45.26% +/- 3.50 mu g/mL, P 0.001), homeostasis model of assessment estimated insulin resistance (+28.84% +/- 13.34 vs. +76.95% +/- 24.60, P = 0.002), Beta cell function (+3.45% +/- 10.91 vs. +75.62% +/- 23.18, P = 0.001), serum triglycerides (-20.29% +/- 4.49 vs. 0.16% +/- 5.24 mg/dL, P = 0.003), and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (-1.83 +/- 1.26 vs. 4.66 +/- 1.70, P = 0.006) in the probiotic group were significantly varied compared to the control group. We found that the probiotic treatment had no considerable effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation, fasting plasma glucose, and other lipid profiles. Overall, the current study demonstrated that probiotic consumption for 12 weeks positively affects cognitive function and some metabolic statuses in the AD patients.
Dietary soybean protein ameliorates high-fat diet-induced obesity by modifying the gut microbiota-dependent biotransformation of bile acids; The consumption of soybean protein has well-known favorable metabolic effects (e.g., reduced body weight, body fat, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and lipogenesis). These effects of soy protein have been linked to modulation by the gut micro-biota; however, the dynamic interplay among these factors remains unclear. Accordingly, we examined the metabolic phenotype, intestinal BA pool, and the gut microbiome of male C57BL/6 mice that were randomized to receive either a regular high-fat diet (HFD) or HFD that contained soybean protein isolate (SPI) in place of dairy protein. The intake of SPI significantly reduced the HFD-induced weight gain and adipose tissue mass accumulation and attenuated hepatic steatosis. Along with an enhancement in the secretion of intestinal Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), an enlarged cecal BA pool with an elevated secondary/primary BA ratio was observed in the mice that consumed SPI, while fecal BA excretion remained unaltered. SPI also elicited dramatic changes in the gut microbiome, characterized by an expansion of taxa that may be involved in the biotransformation of BAs. The observed effects were abolished in germ-free (GF) mice, indicating that they were dependent on the microbiota. These findings collectively indicate that the metabolic benefits of SPI under the HFD regime may arise from a microbiota-driven increase in BA transformation and increase in GLP-1 secretion.
Soya protein- and casein-based nutritionally complete diets fed during gestation and lactation differ in effects on characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in male offspring of Wistar rats; The AIN-93G diets based on soya protein or casein were fed to pregnant Wistar rats from clay 3 of gestation and compared for their effects on characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in male offspring. Pregnant rats were randomised to either a casein (C) or soya protein (S) diet 02 12) during gestation only (Expt 1) or during gestation and lactation (Expt 2). Male offspring were weaned to either a C or S diet for 9 weeks (Expt 1) or 15 weeks (Expt 2). In Expt 1, pups born to S-fed dams had higher fasting blood glucose (BG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) at week 4, higher blood glucose (BG) response to a glucose administration (P<0.001) and higher body weight (BW) at week 8 (P<0.05). In Expt 2, consumption of the S diet throughout gestation and lactation resulted in higher BW (P<0.05), DBP (P<0.005) and SBP (P<0.005) in the offspring. They also had higher homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; P<0.05) and plasma homocysteine (P<0.05) at weaning, higher fasting BG and glucose response to glucose administration (P<0.005) at week 12 and higher HOMA-IR (P<0.01) at week 15. Although composition of the weaning diets interacted with the diet of the clams, the latter was the dominant factor in determining metabolic outcomes in the offspring. In conclusion, the S diet, compared with the C diet, when consumed during gestation or throughout gestation and lactation increased the presence of characteristics of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring.
Visceral adiposity and metabolic syndrome after very high-fat and low-fat isocaloric diets: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Different aspects of dietary pattern, including macronutrient and food profiles, may affect visceral fat mass and metabolic syndrome.
Conjugated linoleic acid improves blood pressure by increasing adiponectin and endothelial nitric oxide synthase activity; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been reported to reduce blood pressure in obese insulin-resistant rats, but its mechanism of action has not been identified. The objective of this study was to determine whether CLA isomers can reduce obesity-related hypertension in the fa/fa Zucker rat in relation to adiponectin production and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) activation. Obese fa/fa Zucker rats were randomly assigned to one of four groups: (1) cis-9,trans-11-CLA, (2) trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12)-CLA, (3) control or (4) captopril. After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure increased 30% in control obese rats. This increase was attenuated 11%-13% in the t10,c12-CLA isomer and captopril groups, respectively. The t10,c12-CLA isomer concurrently elevated adiponectin levels in both plasma and adipose tissue and increased phosphorylated eNOS in adipose tissue as well as the aorta. Although a direct effect of CLA was not observed in cultured endothelial cells, direct adiponectin treatment increased phosphorylation of eNOS. Endothelial nitric oxide synthase phosphorylation was also increased in adipose of fa/fa Zucker rats infused with adiponectin in parallel with improvements in blood pressure. Our results suggest that the t10,c12-CLA isomer attenuates development of obesity-related hypertension, at least in part, by stimulating adiponectin production, which subsequently activates vascular eNOS. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of milk replacer powder added to pasteurized whole milk over different durations on dairy calves fed ground starter diet with alfalfa hay; Adding milk replacer powder (MRP) to whole milk during the entire preweaning period can increase growth but raises concern because of low starter feed intake and slumps in ADG at weaning and postweaning. In the current study, effects of adding MRP to pasteurized whole milk (PWM) during d 10 to 41 or d 10 to 59 of age were investigated in comparison with PWM. Calves (24 females and 21 males; 39.8 +/- 1.85 kg BW) were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 treatments: (1) conventional protocol, 5 L/d PWM from d 3 to 56, and 2.5 L/d from d 57 to 59 of age (CONV; TS intake = 31.9 kg), (2) short duration of adding MRP to PWM protocol, 5 L/d PWM from d 3 to 9, 5 L/d PWM + MRP (18% TS) from d 10 to 41, 5 L/d PWM from d 42 to 56, and 2.5 L/d PWM from d 57 to 59 (SHD; TS intake = 42.3 kg), (3) long duration of adding MRP to PWM protocol, 5 L/d PWM from d 3-9, 5 L/d PWM + MRP from d 10-56, 2.5 L/d PWM + MRP from d 57-59 (LD; TS intake = 47.7 kg). The osmolality of PWM and PWM + MRP was 278 and 519 mOsm/L, respectively. Calves were weaned on d 60, and the study terminated on d 75. There was a treatment x time interaction for starter intake, where intake was greater for CONV than other treatments from d 14-41 and was greater in CONV than LD during d 42 to 48 and d 56 to 62 of age. Final BW was lower in CONV calves than LD calves. Weaning BW and overall hip height were lower in CONV calves than other treatments. The CONV calves had lower ADG at d 14 to 27 and d 35 to 41, and SHD calves had lower ADG at d 42 to 48 than other treatments. Calves fed CONV treatment had lower ruminal acetate and greater propionate than SHD calves during preweaning. Calves fed LD treatment had lower total VFA and tended to have greater ruminal pH than other treatments. Calves fed CONV had greater neutrophils and neutrophils/lymphocytes ratio and lower lymphocytes than other treatments. Glucose concentration was greater for LD versus other treatments at d 56, and lower for SHD versus other treatments at d 70 of study. Insulin concentration and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance index were greater in LD compared with other treatments during preweaning but were not different postweaning. Serum BHB was greater in CONV than other treatments. Albumin was greater for CONV versus other treatments at d 56, however, it was greater in LD-fed calves at d 70 of study. Results indicate that feeding a PWM + MRP to the calves during the entire preweaning period resulted in lower starter feed intake around weaning, but overall starter intake was similar with a greater final BW and fewer health-related issues throughout the study. Shifting a PWM + MRP to the conventional whole milk at d 40 of age decreased the ADG of calves.
The use of nicotinic acid to induce sustained low plasma nonesterified fatty acids in feed-restricted Holstein cows; The objectives were to determine the effects of nicotinic acid (NA) on blood metabolites (experiment 1) and whether successive doses of NA could induce sustained reductions of plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA; experiment 2) in feed-restricted, nonlactating Holstein cows. Experiment 1 was a single 4 x 4 Latin square with 1-wk periods. Each period consisted of 2.5 d of feed restriction to increase plasma NEFA and 4.5 d of ad libitum feeding. Treatments were abomasal administration of 0, 6, 30, or 60 mg of NA/kg of body weight (BW), given as a single bolus 48 h after initiation of feed restriction. Plasma NEFA concentration decreased from 546 mu Eq/L to 208 +/- 141 mu Eq/L at 1 h after the infusion of 6 mg of NA/kg of BW, and to less than 100 +/- 148 mu Eq/L at 3 h after the abomasal infusion of the 2 highest doses of NA. A rebound occurred after the initial decrease of plasma NEFA concentration. The rebound lasted up to 9 h for the 30-mg dose of NA, and up to 6 h for the 6-mg dose. Experiment 2 was a randomized complete block design with 3 treatments and 6 cows. Starting at 48 h of feed restriction, cows received 9 hourly abomasal infusions of 0, 6, or 10 mg of NA/kg of BW. Plasma NEFA concentrations decreased from 553 mu Eq/L +/- 24 immediately before the initiation of treatments to <100 mu Eq/L during hourly infusions of 6 or 10 mg of NA/kg. Data suggest that the maximal antilipolytic response was achieved with the lowest dose of NA. A rebound of NEFA started 2 to 3 h after NA infusions were terminated. In both experiments, the NEFA rebound period coincided with increases in insulin and no change or increased glucose concentrations, suggesting a state of insulin resistance induced by elevated NEFA. This model for reducing plasma NEFA concentration by abomasal infusions of NA can be used to study the metabolic ramifications of elevated vs. reduced NEFA concentrations. The data demonstrate potential benefits and pitfalls of using NA to regulate plasma NEFA and prevent lipid-related metabolic disorders.
Moderate intensity treadmill exercise alters food preference via dopaminergic plasticity of ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens in obese mice; Obesity has been associated with the excessive intake of palatable food as well as physical inactivity. To investigate the neurobiological mechanism underlying the exercised-induced prevention and treatment of obesity, the present study examined the effect of treadmill exercise on the preference for palatable food in mice. Levels of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system were also analysed, as well as levels of dopamine, dopamine transporter, and D2 receptors in the nucleus accumbens. Forty C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into a control group (CG, n = 10) and a high-fat diet group (HG, N = 30). Mice of the HG group were fed a high-fat diet for 12 weeks in order to induce a model of obesity, following which the obese mice were randomly divided into an obese control group (OG, n =11) and an obese+ exercise group (OEG, n = 12). OEG mice received 8 weeks of treadmill exercise intervention. Our results indicate that, relative to animals in the OG group, OEG mice exhibited significant decreases in the preference for high-fat diets and insulin resistance, along with increases in the preference for sucrose and milk, TH and D2 receptor expression, and levels of dopamine in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens system. These results suggest that moderate-intensity treadmill exercise can alter food preference in obese mice, which may be mediated by dopaminergic plasticity of the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens and enhanced insulin sensitivity. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveThis study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Physiological effects beyond the significant gain in muscle mass in sarcopenic elderly men: evidence from a randomized clinical trial using a protein-rich food; Background: Sarcopenia is strongly associated with an inadequate intake of dietary protein. Dietary protein supplementation boosts muscle-protein synthesis and increases muscle mass in the elderly. This study tested whether adding a protein-rich food, ricotta cheese, to the habitual diet increased total appendicular skeletal muscle mass and strength in elderly people.
Effect of rumen-protected branched-chain amino acid supplementation on production- and energy-related metabolites during the first 35 days in milk in Holstein dairy cows; Essential AA are critical for multiple physiological processes. Branched-chain AA (BCAA) supplementation has beneficial effects on body weight, lipogenesis, and insulin resistance in several species. The BCAA are used for milk and body protein synthesis as well as being oxidized by the tricarboxylic acid cycle to produce ATP during catabolic states. The objective was to evaluate the effect of rumen-protected BCAA (375 g of 27% L-Leu, 85 g of 48% L-Ile, and 91 g of 67% L-Val) with or without propylene glycol (PG) oral administration on milk production, dry matter intake, nonesterified fatty acids, 3-hydroxybutyrate, and plasma urea nitrogen during the first 35 d in milk (DIM) in dairy cattle. Multiparous Holstein cows were enrolled in blocks of three 28 d before expected calving and assigned randomly to either the control or 1 of 2 treatments. The control (n = 26) received 200 g/d of dry molasses, the BCAA treatment (n = 23) received BCAA mixed with 200 g/d of dry molasses from calving until 35 DIM, and the BCAA plus PG (BCAAPG) treatment (n = 25) received BCAA mixed with 200 g/d of dry molasses from calving until 35 DIM plus 300 mL of PG once daily from calving until 7 DIM. Postpartum, dry matter intake least squares means (LSM; 95% confidence interval) were 20.7 (19.9, 21.7), 21.3 (20.4, 22.3), and 21.9 (20.9, 22.8) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Milk yield (1-35 DIM) LSM were 41.7 (39.4, 44.0), 42.7 (40.3, 45.0), and 43.7 (41.4, 46.0) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Energy-corrected milk LSM were 50.3 (46.8, 53.7), 52.4 (48.9, 55.8), and 52.9 (49.5, 56.4) kg for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. Milk urea nitrogen LSM in milk for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG were 8.60 (8.02, 9.22), 9.70 (9.01, 10.45), and 9.75 (9.08, 10.47) mg/dL. Plasma urea nitrogen concentrations LSM for control, BCAA, and BCAAPG were 8.3 (7.7, 8.9), 10.1 (9.4, 10.9), and 9.6 (9.4, 10.3) mg/dL, respectively. The numbers of plasma samples classified as hyperketonemia were 77, 44, and 57 in control, BCAA, and BCAAPG, respectively. The BCAA supplementation increased plasma urea nitrogen and milk urea nitrogen, free valine concentration in plasma, and decreased hyperketonemia events during the postpartum period.
Effect of changing the proportion of C16:0 and cis-9 C18:1 in fat supplements on rumen fermentation, glucose and lipid metabolism, antioxidation capacity, and visceral fatty acid profile in finishing Angus bulls; This study evaluated the effects of different proportions of palmitic (C16:0) and oleic (cis-9 C18:1) acids in fat supplements on rumen fermentation, glucose (GLU) and lipid metabolism, antioxidant function, and visceral fat fatty acid (FA) composition in Angus bulls. The design of the experiment was a randomized block design with 3 treatments of 10 animals each. A total of 30 finishing Angus bulls (21 +/- 0.5 months) with an initial body weight of 626 +/- 69 kg were blocked by weight into 10 blocks, with 3 bulls per block. The bulls in each block were randomly assigned to one of three experimental diets: (1) control diet without additional fat (CON), (2) CON + 2.5% palmitic calcium salt (PA; 90% C16:0), (3) CON + 2.5% mixed FA calcium salts (MA; 60% C16:0 + 30% cis-9 C18:1). Both fat supplements increased C18:0 and cis9 C18:1 in visceral fat (P < 0.05) and up-regulated the expression of liver FA transport protein 5 (FATP5; P < 0.001). PA increased the insulin concentration (P < 0.001) and aspartate aminotransferase activity (AST; P = 0.030) in bull's blood while reducing the GLU concentration (P = 0.009). PA increased the content of triglycerides (TG; P = 0.014) in the liver, the content of the C16:0 in visceral fat (P = 0.004), and weight gain (P = 0.032), and up-regulated the expression of liver diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2; P < 0.001) and stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1; P < 0.05). MA increased plasma superoxide dismutase activity (SOD; P = 0.011), reduced the concentration of acetate and total volatile FA (VFA) in rumen fluid (P < 0.05), and tended to increase plasma non-esterified FA (NEFA; P = 0.069) concentrations. Generally, high C16:0 fat supplementation increased weight gain in Angus bulls and triggered the risk of fatty liver, insulin resistance, and reduced antioxidant function. These adverse effects were alleviated by partially replacing C16:0 with cis-9 C18:1.
Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Metabolic Status in Pregnant Women: a Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Limited data is available on the effects of multispecies probiotic supplementation on metabolic status in pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy. The current study was carried out to determine the effects of muttispecies probiotic capsule supplementation on metabolic status among pregnant women in the first half of pregnancy.
Effects of silybin supplementation on growth performance, serum indexes and liver transcriptome of Peking ducks; As an emerging feed additive extracted from the traditional herb milk thistle, silybin has few applications and studies in Peking ducks. The aim of this study was to explore the practical significance of silymarin application in Peking ducks and to provide more theoretical support for the application of silymarin in livestock and poultry production. A total of 156 1-day-old healthy Peking ducks were randomly divided into four groups and supplemented with 0 mg/kg (control group), 400 mg/kg (S400), 800 mg/kg (S800) and 1,600 mg/kg (S1600) of silybin in the diets at day 14, to investigate the effects of silymarin on the growth, serum indexes and liver transcriptome of Peking ducks. The whole experiment lasted until day 42, and the sample collection was scheduled to take place in the morning. A substantial inprovement in average daily gain (ADG) and a decrease in feed conversion ratio (FCR) occurred in the S1600 group on days 14-28 compared to the control group (p < 0.05). The FCRs of other additive groups in the same period showed the same results. Supplementation of diets with silybin significantly increased serum IgA levels and when 1,600 mg/kg of silybin was given, levels of TNF-alpha and IL-6 were also significantly decreased (p < 0.05). In addition, we observed that the S1600 group had a significantly lower (p < 0.05) glutamine transaminase and an increased (p < 0.05) T-SOD level in the S400 group (p < 0.05). Liver transcriptome sequencing showed that 71 and 258 differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified in the S400 and S1600 groups, respectively, compared with the control group. DEGs related to cell composition and function, antigen processing and presentation were up-regulated, while DEGs related to insulin resistance and JAK-STAT were down-regulated. Conclusively, silybin can be used as a feed additive to improve the growth performance and health status of Peking ducks.
Dietary intake of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and changes in body weight in European adults; Purpose Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) can be formed in foods by the reaction of reducing sugars with proteins, and have been shown to induce insulin resistance and obesity in experimental studies. We examined the association between dietary AGEs intake and changes in body weight in adults over an average of 5 years of follow-up. Methods A total of 255,170 participants aged 25-70 years were recruited in ten European countries (1992-2000) in the PANACEA study (Physical Activity, Nutrition, Alcohol, Cessation of smoking, Eating out of home in relation to Anthropometry), a sub-cohort of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition). Body weight was measured at recruitment and self-reported between 2 and 11 years later depending on the study center. A reference database for AGEs was used containing UPLC-MS/MS-measured N-epsilon-(carboxymethyl)-lysine (CML), N-epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl)-lysine (CEL), and N-delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) in 200 common European foods. This reference database was matched to foods and decomposed recipes obtained from country-specific validated dietary questionnaires in EPIC and intake levels of CEL, CML, and MG-H1 were estimated. Associations between dietary AGEs intake and body weight change were estimated separately for each of the three AGEs using multilevel mixed linear regression models with center as random effect and dietary AGEs intake and relevant confounders as fixed effects. Results A one-SD increment in CEL intake was associated with 0.111 kg (95% CI 0.087-0.135) additional weight gain over 5 years. The corresponding additional weight gain for CML and MG-H1 was 0.065 kg (0.041-0.089) and 0.034 kg (0.012, 0.057), respectively. The top six food groups contributing to AGEs intake, with varying proportions across the AGEs, were cereals/cereal products, meat/processed meat, cakes/biscuits, dairy, sugar and confectionary, and fish/shellfish. Conclusion In this study of European adults, higher intakes of AGEs were associated with marginally greater weight gain over an average of 5 years of follow-up.
Environmental interventions to reduce the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and their effects on health; Background
Does the peroral chromium administration in young Hariana calves reduce the risk of calf diarrhea by ameliorating insulin response, lactose intolerance, antioxidant status, and immune response?; Background: The reduction in insulin sensitivity during rumen development may predispose dairy calves towards lactose intolerance, which could be the reason behind neonatal calf diarrhea (NCD). Chromium (Cr) results in a range of effects when fed to ruminants, but most studies have shown improved insulin sensitivity. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Cr supplementation on insulin sensitivity, lactose intolerance, diarrhoea and antioxidant, and immune response in young Hariana calves.Methods: A total of 20 milk-fed Hariana calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments, each consisted of 10 calves: (1) a control group without supplemental Cr and (2) a 0.15 mg Cr as Cr-picolinate (CrPic)/kg BW0.75 supplemented group (Cr-0.15).Results: A more rapid glucose disappearance with unaltered insulin kinetics during intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and oral lactose tolerance test (OLTT) indicates greater insulin sensitivity in Cr supplemented calves. Better insulin sensitivity in Cr supplemented calves was further confirmed by higher values of the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (RQUICKI) and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and lower (P < 0.05) values of homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucose-to-insulin ratio in Cr supplemented calves during IVGTT. Cr supplementation resulted in a lower (P < 0.05) serum cortisol concentration, whereas serum non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations during IVGTT did not differ among the groups. The rise in serum glucose concentrations within 2 h post lactose infusion during OLTT peaked at more than twice the basal glucose con-centration, therefore calves were not considered as lactose intolerant. Within monthly blood samples, concen-trations of serum insulin were similar among treatments, whereas the Cr supplemented group had lower (P < 0.05) serum glucose concentration and glucose-to-insulin ratio compared with the control group. No treatment differences were detected in the biomarkers of antioxidant status and immunity. Serum Cr concentrations were higher (P < 0.05) in Cr supplemented calves while concentrations of other studied minerals were remained unaltered. The incidence, duration of diarrhea, and faecal score were better (P < 0.05) in calves fed on Cr supplemented diet whereas, no treatment effect was observed on average daily gain (ADG). During the study period, no calves died, and no calves were found to have pneumonia, navel or joint disease.Conclusion: Feeding a Cr-supplemented diet improved insulin sensitivity and reduced the risk of diarrhoea in milk-fed young calves, but had no or minimal effects on lactose intolerance, antioxidant status, immune response, and growth performance.
Probiotics for dementia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Context: Dementia is the fifth leading cause of death in the world. Animal studies indicate that in addition to the aging process, intestinal microbiota may play an important role in the neurodegeneration process through the modulation of the gutbrain axis. Objective: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to determine the effectiveness of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on the cognitive function of individuals with dementia. Data Sources: MEDLINE, BVS, SciELO, CENTRAL, Embase, and grey literature were searched from their inception to January 2019. Study Selection: We included data from randomized clinical trials (RCTs) that addressed dementias and assessed the following outcomes: cognitive function; inflammatory, oxidative stress, and metabolic markers; nutritional status; and intestinal microbiota composition. Data Extraction: Data searches, article selection, data extraction, and risk-of-bias assessments were performed according to the Cochrane guidelines. Data were pooled by inverse-variance random-effects meta-analyses. GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations) was used to assess the quality of evidence. Results: Data from 3 RCTs involving 161 individuals with Alzheimer's disease receiving Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium strains showed no beneficial effect of probiotic supplementation on cognitive function (standardized mean difference, 0.56; 95%CI: >= 0.06 to 1.18), with very low certainty of evidence. However, probiotic supplementation improved plasma triglycerides, verylow-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin resistance, and plasma malondialdehyde. No RCTs included synbiotic supplementation or assessed microbiota composition. Conclusion: Current evidence regarding the use of probiotics and synbiotics for individuals with dementia is insufficient to support their clinical application.
Oral Ingestion of <i>Aloe vera</i> Phytosterols Alters Hepatic Gene Expression Profiles and Ameliorates Obesity-Associated Metabolic Disorders in Zucker Diabetic Fatty Rats; We investigated the effects of the oral administration of lophenol (Lo) and cycloartanol (Cy), two kinds of antidiabetic phytosterol isolated from Aloe vera, on glucose and lipid metabolism in Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. We demonstrated that the administrations of Lo and Cy suppressed random and fasting glucose levels and reduced visceral fat weights significantly. It was also observed that treatments with Lo and Cy decreased serum and hepatic lipid concentrations (triglyceride, nonesterified fatty acid, and total cholesterol). Additionally, Lo and Cy treatments resulted in a tendency for reduction in serum monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) level and an elevation in serum adiponectin level. Furthermore, the expression levels of hepatic genes encoding gluconeogenic enzymes (G6 Pase, PEPCK), lipogenic enzymes (ACC, FAS), and SREBP-1 were decreased significantly by the administrations of aloe sterols. In contrast, Lo and Cy administration increased mRNA levels of glycolysis enzyme (GK) in the liver. It was also observed that the hepatic beta-oxidation enzymes (ACO, CPTI) and PPAR alpha expressions tended to increase in the livers of the Lo- and Cy-treated rats compared with those in ZDF-control rats. We therefore conclude that orally ingested aloe sterols altered the expressions of genes related to glucose and lipid metabolism, and ameliorated obesity-associated metabolic disorders in ZDF rats. These findings suggest that aloe sterols could be beneficial in preventing and improving metabolic disorders with obesity and diabetes in rats.
The effect of daily consumption of probiotic yogurt on liver enzymes, steatosis and fibrosis in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial; Background: Given the increasing prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, it is necessary to find an easy and cost-effective method in its management and treatment. Probiotics are a group of living microorganisms that might affect NAFLD through the intestinal-liver axis. The present clinical trial aims to examine the effect of probiotic yogurt consumption on liver enzymes, steatosis and liver fibrosis in patients with NAFLD.
The Combination of Lactoferrin and Creatine Ameliorates Muscle Decay in a Sarcopenia Murine Model; Background: Sarcopenia is an age-related condition characterized by progressive loss of muscle mass, strength, and function. The occurrence of sarcopenia has a huge impact on physical, psychological, and social health. Therefore, the prevention and treatment of sarcopenia is becoming an important public health issue. Method: 35 six-week-old male C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into five groups, one of which served as a control group, while the rest of the groups were constructed as a model of sarcopenia by intraperitoneal injection of D-galactose. The intervention with lactoferrin, creatine, and their mixtures, respectively, was carried out through gavage for 8 weeks. Muscle function was assessed based on their endurance, hanging time, and grip strength. The muscle tissues were weighed to assess the changes in mass, and the muscle RNA was extracted for myogenic factor expression and transcriptome sequencing to speculate on the potential mechanism of action by GO and KEGG enrichment analysis. Result: The muscle mass (lean mass, GAS index), and muscle function (endurance, hanging time, and grip strength) decreased, and the size and structure of myofiber was smaller in the model group compared to the control group. The intervention with lactoferrin and creatine, either alone or combination, improved muscle mass and function, restored muscle tissue, and increased the expression of myogenic regulators. The combined group demonstrated the most significant improvement in these indexes. The RNA-seq results revealed enrichment in the longevity-regulated pathway, MAPK pathway, focal adhesion, and ECM-receptor interaction pathway in the intervention group. The intervention group may influence muscle function by affecting the proliferation, differentiation, senescence of skeletal muscle cell, and contraction of muscle fiber. The combined group also enriched the mTOR-S6K/4E-BPs signaling pathway, PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, and energy metabolism-related pathways, including Apelin signaling, insulin resistance pathway, and adipocytokine signaling pathway, which affect energy metabolism in muscle. Conclusions: Lactoferrin and creatine, either alone or in combination, were found to inhibit the progression of sarcopenia by influencing the number and cross-sectional area of muscle fibers and muscle protein synthesis. The combined intervention appears to exert a more significant effect on energy metabolism.
Probiotic consumption and hepatic steatosis: results from the NHANES 2011-2016 and Mendelian randomization study; Background Recent research showed that probiotics treatment may reduce insulin resistance, regulate lipid metabolism, raise liver enzyme levels, and ameliorate inflammation in individuals with metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD). However, the possible effects of probiotic use on the progression of hepatic steatosis (HS) have not been identified. The purpose of this study was to investigate this in a large population database.Methods The cross-sectional research was conducted among adults with complete data on probiotic yogurt consumption and HS in the 2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Probiotic yogurt consumption was assessed using a dietary supplement questionnaire, while HS was evaluated with HS index (HSI). To explore their relationship, weighted univariate regression analysis, subgroup analysis, and interaction analysis were conducted. To evaluate the causal association between yogurt consumption and NAFLD, mendelian randomization analysis (MR) were performed. A restricted cubic spline (RCS) was used to analyze the relationship curve between the leves of yogurt consumption and hepatic steatosis.Results A total of 7,891 participants were included in the study represented 146.7 million non-institutionalized residents of the United States, of whom 4,322 (54.77%) were diagnosed with HS. Multivariable logistic regression showed probiotic yogurt consumption had significantly inverse relationship for HS (OR = 0.84, 95% CI: 0.72-0.97, p = 0.02) after adjusting for all covariates. Once more, the independent relationship between probiotic yogurt consumption and HS was verified by subgroup analysis and interaction analysis. The MR analysis results indicate that there is no causal relationship between yogurt consumption and NAFLD. The RCS model demonstrated a robust J-shaped link between yogurt consumption and HS, revealing a significant decrease in risk within the lower range of yogurt consumption, which attained the lowest risk close to 0.4 cup.Conclusion According to the NHANES data, the consumption of probiotics and yogurt has a beneficial effect on HS, whereas the MR results indicated it was not related to NAFLD. The RCS analysis indicates a J-shaped relationship between yogurt consumption and HS, which may account for the inconsistency in the results. Based on these findings, we recommend that adults take half a cup of yogurt daily.
Inositol-requiring enzyme 1α and c-Jun N-terminal kinase axis activation contributes to intracellular lipid accumulation in calf hepatocytes; During the perinatal period, dairy cows undergo negative energy balance, resulting in elevated circulating levels of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA). Although increased blood NEFA concentrations are a physiological adaptation of early lactation, excessive NEFA in dairy cows is a major cause of fatty liver. Aberrant lipid metabolism leads to hepatic lipid accumulation and subsequently the development of fatty liver. Both inositol-requiring enzyme 1 alpha (IRE1 alpha) and c -Jun Nterminal kinase (JNK) have been validated for their association with hepatic lipid accumulation, including their regulatory functions in calf hepatocyte insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and apoptosis. Meanwhile, both IRE1 alpha and JNK are involved in lipid metabolism in nonruminants. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate how IRE1 alpha and JNK regulate lipid metabolism in bovine hepatocytes. An experiment was conducted on randomly selected 10 healthy cows (hepatic triglyceride [TG] content <1%) and 10 cows with fatty liver (hepatic TG content >5%). Liver tissue and blood samples were collected from experimental cows. Serum concentrations of NEFA and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) were greater, whereas serum concentrations of glucose and milk production were lower in cows with fatty liver. The western blot results revealed that dairy cows with fatty liver had higher phosphorylation levels of JNK, c -Jun, and IRE1 alpha in the liver tissue. Three in vitro experiments were conducted using primary calf hepatocytes isolated from 5 healthy calves (body weight: 30-40 kg; 1 d old). First, hepatocytes were treated with NEFA (1.2 m M ) for 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, or 12 h, which showed that the phosphorylated levels of JNK, c -Jun, and IRE1 alpha increased in both linear and quadratic effects. In the second experiment, hepato cytes were treated with high concentrations of NEFA (1.2 m M ) for 12 h with or without SP600125, a canonical inhibitor of JNK. Western blot results showed that SP600125 treatment could decrease the expression of lipogenesis-associated proteins (PPAR gamma and SREBP1c) and increase the expression of fatty acid oxidation (FAO) -associated proteins (CPT1A and PPAR alpha) in NEFA-treated hepatocytes. The perturbed expression of lipogenesis-associated genes ( FASN , ACACA , and CD36) and FAO -associated gene ACOX1 were also recovered by JNK inhibition, indicating that JNK reduced excessive NEFA-induced lipogenesis and FAO dysregulation in calf hepatocytes. Third, short hairpin RNA targeting IRE1 alpha (sh-IRE1 alpha) was transfected into calf hepatocytes to silence IRE1 alpha, and KIRA6 was used to inhibit the kinase activity of IRE1 alpha. The blockage of IRE1 alpha could at least partially suppressed NEFA-induced JNK activation. Moreover, the blockage of IRE1 alpha downregulated the expression of lipogenesis genes and upregulated the expression of FAO genes in NEFA-treated hepatocytes. In conclusion, these findings indicate that targeting the IRE1 alpha-JNK axis can reduce NEFA-induced lipid accumulation in bovine hepatocytes by modulating lipogenesis and FAO. This may offer a prospective therapeutic target for fatty liver in dairy cows.
Glycemic control and antioxidant potential of distinct fractions of camelus dromedaries fresh milk in streptozocin induced diabetic rats; To analyze the antiglycemic effects and to evaluate the anti-oxidant levels in pre and post-camel milk fractions treated albino diabetic rats, sixty male Swiss albino rats weighing 30-40gm aged 2 to 3 months were randomly divided into six groups, A, B, C, D, E & F, each comprised of 10 animals. as Group A: Normal control, Group B: Streptozocin induced Diabetic group while Groups C, D, E & F were diabetic groups treated with various fractions of camel milk. Noteworthy alteration in blood glucose and antioxidant activity was observed between disease control (group B) and all the treated groups with a percentage decrease of about 25%, 12.98%, 11.57% and 10.17% in blood sugar in groups C, D, E and F respectively. Changes in total antioxidant capacity were significant with the rise of 92.30%, 30.76%, 46.15% and 38.46% respectively in groups C, D, E and F. Percentage difference in superoxide dismutase between group B and Group C of 85% was highest as compared to 45.90 %, 52.45% and 39.34% for groups D, E and F. Group C also showed a significantly higher increase in serum copper, zinc and Vitamin C. It is inferred that Camel milk has significant antiglycemic and antioxidant potential and may prove good complementary therapeutics for diabetes.
Dietary Chromium Picolinate Supplementation Improves Glucose Utilization in Transition Calf by Ameliorating Insulin Response; The decrease in insulin sensitivity during the transition of preruminant calves into ruminant animals is the common denominator. Meanwhile, this adaptation predisposes dairy calves towards various health issues and metabolic disorders that occur in later life. Chromium (Cr) has been shown to potentiate insulin functioning and is thereby helpful in reducing the risk of these metabolic disorders. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of Cr supplementation on the insulin sensitivity and health status in Hariana calves during their transition period. A total of 24 preruminant Hariana calves were randomly allocated into four groups (6 calves per group) for a period of 90 days. Calves either received a basal diet devoid of supplemental Cr (control; Cr-0.0 group) or were supplemented with 0.05 mg (Cr-0.05 group), 0.10 mg (Cr-0.10 group), and 0.15 mg (Cr-0.15 group) of Cr per kg BW0.75 as Cr-picolinate (Cr-Pic). To determine the effect of Cr supplementation on the insulin response, glucose-insulin-non-esterified fatty acids (NEFAs) kinetics was studied during the intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A rapid glucose disappearance (p < 0.05) with unaltered insulin kinetics during IVGTT and OLTT indicates greater insulin sensitivity in calves supplemented with 0.10 and 0.15 mg of Cr per kg BW0.75. Improved insulin sensitivity in the Cr-0.10 and Cr-0.15 groups was further confirmed by higher (p < 0.05) values of the insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (RQUICKI), and lower (p < 0.05) values of the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) during IVGTT. Mean serum non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA(m)), and insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) levels were the highest (p < 0.05) and cortisol concentrations were the lowest (p < 0.05) in the Cr-0.15 groups. Unlike IVGTT, there was no effect of treatment, period, and treatment x period interaction on mean serum glucose and insulin levels during OGTT. However, Cr-supplemented calves had a higher (p < 0.05) glucose clearance rate (gCR). Serum IRS-1 concentrations during OGTT were also higher (p < 0.05) in the Cr-0.10 and Cr-0.15 groups than in the other groups. Serum Cr levels increased dose dependently and were the highest (p < 0.05) in calves fed a diet supplemented with 0.15 mg Cr per kg BW0.75. There was no effect of treatment on average daily gain (ADG) and body condition score (BCS) while frequency and duration of diarrhea were lower and fecal score was better in Cr-supplemented calves. The current findings show that Cr supplementation improved glucose utilization and health status in calves during their transition period by improving insulin sensitivity.
Effect of glucose infusion on glucose and insulin metabolism in early- and mid-lactation ewes and goats fed diets differing in starch and highly digestible fiber concentration; This study aimed to test possible metabolic differ-ences between ewes and goats in response to an intra-venous glucose infusion. Thirty-six animals, 18 mature Sarda dairy ewes and 18 mature Saanen goats (from 15 to 150 +/- 11 d in milk [DIM], mean +/- SD; body weight: 49.8 +/- 6.8 kg for ewes, 60.6 +/- 7.3 kg for goats) were compared simultaneously. In early lactation, both species received the same high-starch diet (HS: 20.4% starch, 35.4% neutral detergent fiber [NDF], on dry matter [DM] basis), whereas from 92 +/- 11 DIM both species were randomly allocated to 2 dietary treat-ments: HS (20.0% starch, 36.7% NDF, on DM basis) and low-starch (LS: 7.8% starch, 48.8% NDF, on DM basis) diets. At 50 and 150 +/- 11 DIM, ewes and goats were challenged with an intravenous glucose tolerance test and peripheral concentrations of glucose and in-sulin were determined 15 min before and 5, 10, 15, 30, 45, 90, and 180 min after glucose infusion. In early lactation, baseline plasma glucose and insulin concen-trations tended to be higher in ewes than in goats (glu-cose: 55.8 vs. 42.9 +/- 7.3 mg/dL; insulin: 0.13 vs. 0.05 +/- 0.04 mu g/L). After glucose infusion, glucose and insulin concentrations were higher in ewes than in goats (278.6 vs. 247.6 +/- 13.1 mg/dL; 0.82 vs. 0.46 +/- 0.12 mu g/L). In mid-lactation, the dietary treatment (HS vs. LS) did not affect glucose and insulin metabolism. Baseline plasma glucose was numerically highest in ewes, while baseline insulin was higher in ewes than in goats (0.39 vs. 0.12 +/- 0.099 mu g/L). After glucose infusion, glucose concentration did not differ between ewes and goats, while insulin concentration was highest in ewes. Compared with goats, ewes showed in both periods a higher peak insulin, insulin increment, linear insulin area under the curve, insulin resistance index, and lower insulin sen-sitivity indices. In conclusion, despite the limitations associated with the use of intravenous glucose tolerance test to assess glucose regulation mechanisms, this study indicated large species differences in both early and mid-lactation and a more evident anabolic status in the ewes compared with the goats.
Effect of acute and short-term dietary fat ingestion on postprandial skeletal muscle protein synthesis rates in middle-aged, overweight, and obese men; Muscle anabolic resistance to dietary protein is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess consumption of fat to anabolic resistance is not well studied. The aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that acute and short-term dietary fat overload will impair the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion. Eight overweight/obese men [46.4 +/- 1.4 yr, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 +/- 5.4 kg/m(2)] participated in the acute feeding study, which consisted of two randomized crossover trials. On each occasion, subjects ingested an oral meal (with and without fat emulsion), 4 h before the coingestion of milk protein, intrinsically labeled with [1-C-13]phenylalanine, and dextrose. Nine overweight/obese men (44.0 +/- 1.7 yr, BMI 30.1 +/- 1.1 kg/m(2)) participated in the chronic study, which consisted of a baseline, 1-wk isocaloric diet, followed by a 2-wk high-fat diet (+25% energy excess). Acutely, incorporation of dietary amino acids into the skeletal muscle was twofold higher (P < 0.05) in the lipid trial compared with control. There was no effect of prior lipid ingestion on indices of insulin sensitivity (muscle glucose uptake, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity, and Akt phosphorylation) in response to the protein/dextrose drink. Fat overfeeding had no effect on muscle protein synthesis or glucose disposal in response to whey protein ingestion, despite increased muscle diacylglycerol C16:0 (P = 0.06) and ceramide C16:0 (P < 0.01) levels. Neither acute nor short-term dietary fat overload has a detrimental effect on the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion in overweight/obese men, suggesting that dietary-induced accumulation of intramuscular lipids per se is not associated with anabolic resistance.
Supplementation of herbal plants differently modulated metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity, and oxidative stress in transition dairy cows fed various extruded oil seeds; The study investigated the effects of a mixture of herbal plants (HM) and two sources of unsaturated fatty acids (FA), extruded linseed (LS) and soybean (SB), on metabolic profile, insulin sensitivity, and oxidative status of transition dairy cows. Thirty-two prepartum Holstein cows, blocked by parity and calving day, were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments, in a 2 x 2 factorial design, starting from 25 days before the expected calving date to 26 days postpartum. The supplementation rates of HM were 150 and 170 g/animal/day at pre- and postpartum, respectively. Blood samples were analyzed for metabolites on day 7.15 +/- 1.70 prepartum and on days 1 and 21 postpartum. An intravenous glucose tolerance test (IV-GTT) was conducted on day 25 postpartum. Data showed that cows supplemented with HM had lower serum concentration of NEFA (0.395 vs. 0.602 +/- 0.044 mmol/L; P< 0.01) and NEFA to insulin ratio (Pc 0.01) postpartum. Compared to animals fed SB-based diets, cows fed the LS-based diet had greater serum glucose concentration during prepartum (80.7 vs. 71.3 +/- 3.32 mg/dL; P=0.06) and postpartum period (86.3 vs. 73.5 +/- 3.35 mg/dL; P=0.01), as well as lower NEFA (0.425 vs. 0.572 +/- 0.044mmol/L; P= 0.03) and insulin to glucose ratio (P< 0.01) postpartum. Revised quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index revealed that supplementing HM in LS-based diet improved insulin sensitivity (0.45 vs. 0.41 +/- 0.013; P=0.03) prepartum, whereas after parturition, the HM addition was effective for both oil seeds (0.40 vs. 0.37 +/- 0.008; P=0.06) in enhancing insulin sensitivity. Result of IV-GTF indicated that cows fed LS-based diets had higher basal glucose concentration (63.7 vs. 55.7 +/- 2.37; mg/dL; P=0.02) and lower glucose area under the curve (995.8 vs. 1529.5 +/- 100.7; mg/dL x 45 min; P< 0.01). Supplementing HM resulted in greater total antioxidant capacity prepartum (0.55 vs. 0.48 +/- 0.017 nmol/L; P=0.01) and lower malondialdehyde concentration at prepartum (1.03 vs. 1.96 +/- 0.140 mu mol/L; P< 0.01) and postpartum (1.32 vs. 1.88 +/- 0.178 mu mol/L; P = 0.04). Although feeding LS ameliorated insulin resistance, this feeding strategy lowered total antioxidant capacity prepartum (0. 48 vs. 0.55 +/- 0.017 nmol/L; P< 0.01) and increased malondialdehyde concentration postpartum more than the SB diet (1.91 vs. 1.28 +/- 0.172 mu mol/L; P= 0.02). Overall, both HM supplementation and LS feeding improved metabolic profile and insulin response following glucose infusion, although feeding of LS-based diets induced an increased oxidative stress. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Probiotics improve renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims The role of probiotics in the management of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has been shown. Several current trials are investigating the effect of probiotics, which are widely used to modulate biomarkers of renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. However, their findings are controversial. This study aimed to systematically evaluate the impact of probiotics on patients with DKD via meta-analysis. Methods PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Wanfang Database and Chinese VIP Database were searched for relevant studies from the establishment of these databases to September 2021. The pooled results evaluated the impact of probiotics on renal function, glucose, lipids, inflammation and oxidative stress indicators in patients with DKD. Additionally, subgroup analysis was performed based on intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns, respectively. Results Ten trials that included 552 participants were identified for analysis. Compared with the controls, probiotics significantly decreased serum creatinine (Scr) [WMD = -0.17 mg/dL; 95%CI = -0.29, -0.05; p = 0.004], blood urea nitrogen (BUN) [WMD = -1.36 mg/dL; 95%CI = -2.20, -0.52; p = 0.001], cystatin C (Cys C) [WMD = -29.50 ng/mL; 95%CI = -32.82, -26.18; p < 0.00001], urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR) [WMD = -16.05 mg/g; 95%CI = -27.12, -4.99; p = 0.004] and natrium (Na) [WMD = -0.94 mmol/L; 95%CI = -1.82, -0.05; p = 0.04] in patients with DKD. Enhanced glycemic control was observed in patients with DKD receiving probiotics compared with controls, as demonstrated by reduced levels of fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), homeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and increased quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics affected lipid metabolism parameters with decreasing triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) levels in patients with DKD. Probiotics could also could improve inflammation and oxidative stress by decreasing high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), total antioxidant capacity (TAC), glutathione (GSH) and nitric oxide (NO). Additionally, subgroup analysis showed that those who received multiple species probiotics had a statistically significant difference in BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), MDA, TAC, and NO. Meanwhile, Scr, LDL-c, HDL-c, MDA, and TAC were ameliorated when the intervention duration was more than eight weeks and BUN, FPG, HOMA-IR, and MDA were improved when the probiotic dose was greater than four billion CFU/day. Conclusions Our analysis revealed that probiotics could delay the progression of renal function injury, improve glucose and lipid metabolism, and reduce inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with DKD. Subgroup analysis showed that intervention duration, probiotic dose and probiotic consumption patterns had an effect of probiotics on outcomes.
Effect of soy milk consumption on glycemic status, blood pressure, fibrinogen and malondialdehyde in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial; Objective: Diet plays a critical role in the management of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Studies on the NAFLD's experimental models have reported that soy had positive effects on the improvement of metabolic parameters. However, there is a lack of clinical trials regarding the efficacy of whole soy foods. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the effect of soy milk on some of the metabolic characteristics in patients with NAFLD.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity in Overweight Adults: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background Consuming different food groups and nutrients can have differential effects on body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity.
Insulin sensitivity in calves decreases substantially during the first 3 months of life and is unaffected by weaning or fructo-oligosaccharide supplementation; Veal calves at the age of 4 to 6 mo often experience problems with glucose homeostasis, as indicated by postprandial hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. It is not clear to what extent the ontogenetic development of calves or the feeding strategy [e.g., prolonged milk replacer (MR) feeding] contribute to this pathology. The objective of this study was therefore to analyze effects of MR feeding, weaning, and supplementation of short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) on the development of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in calves during the first 3 mo of life. Thirty male Holstein-Friesian calves (18 +/- 0.7 d of age) were assigned to 1 of 3 dietary treatments: the control (CON) group received MR only, the FOS group received MR with the addition of short-chain FOS, and the solid feed (SF) group was progressively weaned to SF. The CON and FOS calves received an amount of MR, which gradually increased (from 400 to 1,400 g/d) during the 71-d trial period. For the SF calves, the amount of MR increased from 400 to 850 g/d at d 30, and then gradually decreased, until completely weaned to only SF at d 63. The change in whole body insulin sensitivity was assessed by intravenous glucose tolerance tests. Milk tolerance tests were performed twice to assess changes in postprandial blood glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acid responses. Whole-body insulin sensitivity was high at the start (16.7 +/- 1.6 x 10-4 [mu U/mL](-1)), but decreased with age to 4.2 +/- 0.6 x 10-4 [mu U/mL](-1) at the end of the trial. The decrease in insulin sensitivity was most pronounced (-70%) between d 8 and 29 of the trial. Dietary treatments did not affect the decrease in insulin sensitivity. For CON and FOS calves, the postprandial insulin response was 3-fold higher at the end of the trial than at the start, whereas the glucose response remained similar. The SF calves, however, showed pronounced hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia at the end of the trial, although weaning did not affect insulin sensitivity. We conclude that whole body insulin sensitivity decreases by 75% in calves during the first 3 mo of life. Weaning or supplementation of short-chain FOS does not affect this age-related decline in insulin sensitivity. Glucose homeostasis is not affected by supplementation of short-chain FOS in young calves, whereas postprandial responses of glucose and insulin to a MR meal strongly increase after weaning.
Traditional plain yogurt: a therapeutic food for metabolic syndrome?; Dairy products have an important role in a healthy diet due to their high-quality protein and rich micronutrients. Yogurt, a fermented milk product, has a similar composition to milk but is a more concentrated product in terms of group B vitamins, minerals, and proteins. It is known that bioactive metabolites and live enzymes that occur by fermentation and digestion, affect the health positively by improving gut microbiota. In recent years, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, which threatens public health, is increasing rapidly. As with other noninfectious diseases, the diet has an important effect on the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome. It has been demonstrated that yogurt has a high-quality amino acid pattern, reduces energy intake by stimulating satiety, and regulates blood glucose level. In addition to the rich protein variety, yogurt also contains peptides that positively affect blood pressure. Unlike milk, increased acidity during the fermentation of yogurt positively affects calcium absorption. Calcium plays an important role in the control of blood glucose and energy metabolism through insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent routes. In addition to reducing inflammation, calcium has a positive effect on the regulation of the blood lipid profile by increasing fecal fat excretion. There are many lipid and lipoid nutrients such as saturated fatty acids, phospholipids, sphingolipids, and conjugated linoleic acid that may affect the blood lipid profile in yogurt positively or negatively. There are seen very few randomized controlled studies that are focused on the relationship between yogurt and metabolic syndrome, and these are based on contradictory results. In this review, based on the clinical studies conducted to date, and the nutrient content of yogurt, possible mechanisms of these contradictory results are investigated.
Magnitude of rise in proneurotensin is related to amount of triglyceride appearance in blood after standardized oral intake of both saturated and unsaturated fat; BackgroundIn rodents, neurotensin contributes to high fat diet induced obesity by facilitation of intestinal fat absorption. The effect of oral lipid load on plasma proneurotensin and relationship with plasma triglycerides in humans is unknown.AimTo investigate the acute effects of an oral lipid load on proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides and their interrelationships in healthy individuals.Setting/ methodsTwenty-two healthy subjects were given 150mL of full milk cream (54g fat) and 59mL of pure olive oil (54g fat) in the fasted state at two different occasions separated by at least 1week in random order. Venous blood was drawn at fasted before 0h (h) and at 1h, 2h and 4h after ingestion. Post-ingested values of proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides were compared with fasting levels and post ingestion Area Under the Curve (AUC) of proneurotensin was correlated with that of plasma triglycerides.ResultsAn immediate rise of plasma proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides were observed after ingestion of cream with maximum increase at 2h for proneurotensin [mean (95% confidence interval)] of 22 (12-31) pmol/L (P<0.001) and at 3h for triglycerides of 0.60 (0.43-0.78) mmol/L (P<0.001). Similarly, plasma proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides increased after ingestion of olive oil with maximum increase of proneurotensin at 3h of 62 (46-78) pmol/L (P<0.001) and plasma triglycerides at 3h of 0.32 (0.18-0.45) mmol/L (P<0.001). The post lipid load AUC for proneurotensin correlated significantly with the AUC for plasma triglycerides both after cream (r =0.49, P=0.021) and olive oil (r =0.55, P=0.008), respectively.ConclusionProneurotensin increases after an oral lipid load of both cream and olive oil and the rise of post-ingestion plasma triglycerides is significantly related to the rise of post-ingestion proneurotensin.
Are all fibres created equal with respect to lipid lowering? Comparing the effect of viscous dietary fibre to non-viscous fibre from cereal sources: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Although compelling evidence from observational studies supports a positive association between consumption of cereal fibre and CVD risk reduction, randomised controlled trials (RCT) often target viscous fibre type as the prospective contributor to lipid lowering to reduce CVD risk. The objective of our study is to compare the lipids-lowering effects of viscous dietary fibre to non-viscous, cereal-type fibre in clinical studies. RCT that evaluated the effect of viscous dietary fibre compared with non-viscous, cereal fibre on LDL cholesterol and alternative lipid markers, with a duration of >= 3 weeks, in adults with or without hypercholesterolaemia were included. Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL and the Cochrane Central Register were searched through October 19, 2021. Data were extracted and assessed by two independent reviewers. The generic inverse variance method with random effects model was utilised to pool the data which were expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95 % CI. Eighty-nine trials met eligibility criteria (n 4755). MD for the effect of viscous dietary fibre compared with non-viscous cereal fibre were LDL cholesterol (MD = -0 center dot 26 mmol/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 30, -0 center dot 22 mmol/l; P < 0 center dot 01), non-HDL cholesterol (MD = -0 center dot 33 mmol/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 39, -0 center dot 28 mmol/l; P < 0 center dot 01) and Apo-B (MD = -0 center dot 04 g/l; 95 % CI: -0 center dot 06, -0 center dot 03 g/l; P < 0 center dot 01). Viscous dietary fibre reduces LDL cholesterol and alternative lipid markers relative to the fibre from cereal sources, hence may be a preferred type of fibre-based dietary intervention targeting CVD risk reduction.
Effects of dietary supplementation of pioglitazone on metabolism, milk yield, and reproductive performance in transition dairy cows; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of dietary supplementation of pioglitazone (PGT), a specific ligand for PPAR gamma, on metabolic dynamics, milk production, and reproductive performance of transition dairy cows. Eighty multiparous Holstein cows in their second or more lactations were blocked by the calving date and parity and assigned randomly to four dietary groups (n = 20 cow/treatment) including control (no PGT -/-), supplemented with PGT (6-mg PGT/kg body weight) from Day -14 to +21 relative to parturition (PGT+/+) or only during prepartum (PGT+/-) or postpartum periods (PGT -/+). Postpartum body condition score and body weight loss decreased (P < 0.05) in all PGT-supplemented groups. Milk yield was not affected by PGT supplementation (P > 0.05). Percentage of milk fat decreased (P < 0.05) in all PGT-treated groups; however, milk fat yield was lower (P < 0.05) in PGT (+/+) and PGT (+/-) groups compared with PGT (-/-). Peripartum (Day -7 to +7) concentrations of plasma nonesterified fatty acids and beta-Hydroxybutyrate decreased in PGT (+/+) but not in the PGT (-/-) group (P < 0.05). During the postpartum period, PGT reduced (P > 0.05) plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids in all PGT-treated groups but did not affect beta-Hydroxybutyrate level. Plasma concentrations of tri-glycerides decreased in all PGT-supplemented groups. Supplementation of PGT increased the peripartum concentrations of plasma glucose in PGT (+/+) and PGT (+/-) groups compared with control. Plasma concentrations of insulin-like growth factor 1 were higher in PGT (+/+) compared with the control group during both the peripartum and postpartum periods. Plasma concentrations of growth hormone and insulin were not affected by PGT treatment (P > 0.05). Mean days to ovulation were lower in PGT (+/+) and PGT (-/+), and the proportion of cows ovulating by Day 14 postpartum was higher in PGT (+/+) compared with control. Days open were shorter in PGT (+/+), PGT (+/-), and PGT (-/+) groups compared with control. However, the proportion of pregnant cows at 120 days in milk were higher in all PGT-supplemented groups. The results showed positive effects of dietary supplementation of PGT, especially supplementation during both the prepartum and postpartum periods, on metabolic dynamics, ovarian function, and reproductive performance in transition dairy cows. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EVIDENCE FOR BRAIN SEROTONIN-MEDIATED CONTROL OF CARBOHYDRATE CONSUMPTION IN NORMAL-WEIGHT AND OBESE HUMANS; A plasma insulin and amino acid-mediated mechanism is thought to modulate brain serotonin concentration, thereby regulating carbohydrate consumption on a meal to meal basis. It has been suggested that obesity is associated with a defect in the appetite control system. Furthermore, post-absorptive plasma levels of several amino acids are increased in obese subjects, which is ascribed to obesity-associated insulin resistance and/or hyperinsulinemia. We studied breakfast-induced changes in plasma ratios of tryptophan to other large neutral amino acids and associated differences in macronutrient composition of lunch food in normal weight and obese human subjects. The study was randomized, double blind and cross-over with a 2 x 2 factorial design with drug/placebo and type of breakfast as factors. Nineteen healthy, non-obese (body mass index (BMI) 22.5 +/- 1.9 kg/m2,  mean +/- s.d.) and 19 obese (BMI 34.7 +/- 6.2 kg/m2) female volunteers were treated with either 60 mg fluoxetine (FXT), a serotonin re-uptake blocker specifically acting in the brain, or placebo for four days with a wash-out period between treatments of four weeks. The subjects received either a carbohydrate (CHO) breakfast (80 g maltodextrin, 300 kcal) or a protein-rich (PROT) breakfast (60% milk protein and 40% CHO, 300 kcal) on two consecutive days (days 4 and 5 of each treatment period). Plasma glucose, insulin and amino acids were measured at several time points after breakfast. Three hours after breakfast, subjects were able to choose from 29 different food items. Total energy content and weight of lunch food and energy percentage of each macronutrient were calculated. Data were analysed using repeated measures analysis of variance. The plasma Trp/LNAA ratio was significantly higher at 120 min after a CHO breakfast than at 120 min after a PROT breakfast. The energy percentage of carbohydrate consumed for lunch after a CHO breakfast was significantly lower than after a PROT breakfast. This effect of breakfast type on macronutrient composition of lunch food was abolished by the use of FXT. The drug in itself induced a decrease of total caloric intake for lunch, but did not significantly affect macronutrient composition of the meal. We did not find differences between obese and normal weight subjects concerning their response to the nutritional and serotoninergic challenges. However, the plasma Trp/LNAA ratio, irrespective of the challenge, was higher in obese subjects both in fasting conditions and at 120 min after breakfast, which was associated with a slightly (but not significantly) lower carbohydrate content and higher fat content of lunch food in obese subjects.
Effect of kefir beverage consumption on glycemic control: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Kefir is a fermented beverage obtained as a result of lactic-alcoholic fermentation of milk by using kefir grains or a starter culture. Kefir beverage has numerous health benefits owing to its antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic properties, while it could also regulate the gut microbiota. This beverage is recommended as a nutritional approach to glycemic control. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of kefir beverage on the glycemic control. For this purpose, a literature search was conducted via databases such as PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for the articles published until July 2020 with no limitation. The indicators of glycemic control were fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and insulin. In total, six RCTs on a total sample size of 323 subjects were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in HbA1c, FBG and insulin compared to baseline. Considering the clinical heterogeneity caused by the varied duration and dosage of kefir beverage treatment, a random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD. Findings indicated a more significant reduction in the FBS (WMD = -10.28; 95% CI: - 16.53-4.02; P = 0.001) and insulin (WMD = -2.87; 95% CI: - 3.96-1.78; P < 0.00001) in the kefir treatment group. Furthermore, kefir consumption could reduce HbA1c (HbA1c = -0.64 -1.36, 0.08), while this effect was not considered significant (-0.64; 95% CI: -1.36-0.08; P = 0.08). The results of our metaanalysis indicated that kefir beverage could reduce the FBS and insulin levels without a significant effect on HbA1c. In general, our findings showed that kefir beverages may have beneficial effects on glycemic control. However, more clinical data and research into the mechanism of probiotics are required to clarify the beneficial effects of probiotics on glycemic markers.
Effects of Raw and Pasteurized Camel Milk on Metabolic Responses in Pigs Fed a High-Fat Diet; Evidence suggests that camel milk (CM) can have insulin-like actions, although the mode of action is not understood. Using the pig as a monogastric model, this pilot experiment examined the effects of CM consumption on metabolic responses to an in vitro glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). Twenty female Large White x Landrace pigs were individually housed for 6 wks and randomly allocated to one of the following four diets (fed ad libitum; n = 5): control (Con); high fat (HF; similar to 16% fat); raw CM (the HF diet plus 500 mL CM/ day); or pasteurized CM (PCM). Blood samples were collected on two occasions (weeks 2 and 5). At week 6, the pigs were fitted with an ear vein cannula and the following day an in vitro glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was conducted (0.3 g/kg BW glucose). Plasma fatty acids and cholesterol concentrations were greater in the pigs fed the HF diet and greatest in those fed CM, while there was no effect of diet on insulin concentrations. The pigs fed CM tended to have a reduced peak insulin (p = 0.058) and an increased glucose nadir (p = 0.009) in response to the IVGTT. These preliminary results tend to support the hypothesis that feeding CM can improve glycemic control in pigs.
Whole milk dairy foods and cardiometabolic health: dairy fat and beyond; Bovine dairy milk is a nutrient -rich matrix, but consumption of full -fat dairy food varieties has been claimed historically to be associated with poorer cardiometabolic health, a notion often attributed to the saturated fat content. However, continued investigation that includes observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) provide evidence that favorably supports full -fat dairy foods and their bioactive components on cardiometabolic health. This review addresses this controversy by examining the evidence surrounding fullfat dairy foods and their implications for human health. Dairy foods are heterogeneous, not just in their fat content but also in other compositional aspects within and between fermented (e.g., yogurt, cheese) and nonfermented products (e.g., milk) that could differentially influence cardiometabolic health. Drawing from complementary lines of evidence from epidemiological studies and RCTs, this review describes the health effects of dairy foods regarding their fat content, as well as their polar lipids that are concentrated in the milk fat globule fraction. Observational studies have limitedly supported the consumption of full -fat dairy to protect against cardiometabolic disorders. However, this framework has been disputed by RCTs indicating that dairy foods, regardless of their fat content or fermentation, are not detrimental to cardiometabolic health and may instead alleviate certain
Effects of dietary energy allowance and decline in dry matter intake during the dry period on responses to glucose and insulin in transition dairy cows; We assessed whether high energy intake during the early dry period [144% of metabolizable energy (ME) requirements/d] followed by a gradual restriction of energy intake in the close-up dry period (119% of ME/d; HEI) impaired whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with a controlled energy intake (100% of ME/d; CEI) throughout the 6-wk dry period. Multiparous Ayrshire dairy cows (n = 16) were blocked by body weight, body condition score, and expected date of parturition and were used in a randomized complete block design until 10 d after parturition. Cows were fed either HEI or CEI diets based on grass silage during the first 3 wk of the dry period and grass silage supplemented with a commercial concentrate (30% of ME intake) during the final 3 wk of gestation. After calving, all cows were fed grass silage ad libitum and an increasing amount of commercial concentrate (maximum 9 kg at d 10 postpartum). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) and intravenous insulin challenges were performed 10 5 d (n = 15) and +10 1 d (n = 14) relative to parturition. Following glucose injection, we did not find any treatment effects on glucose and insulin responses. The prepartal nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) response of the HEI group was blunted, basal NEFA and the decrement of NEFA were smaller, and the area under the response curve (AUC) of NEFA was less negative in HEI cows than in CEI cows. The NEFA response reversed after parturition; the NEFA AUC of the HEI group was more negative than that of the CEI group. We did not find similar responses after insulin injection. Across the treatments, NEFA AUC correlated strongly with the basal NEFA concentration during the IVGTT pre- and postpartum. Calculated and model-based indices characterizing the overall glucose tolerance and 0-cell function and the insulin sensitivity were higher after parturition than during the dry period. Consistent with the lower basal insulin, the acute insulin release after the glucose infusion was smaller in postpartal IVGTT than in prepartal IVGTT. The results suggest that whole-body insulin sensitivity of the cows increased after parturition. However, the role of peripheral insulin sensitivity in the regulation of glucose partitioning seems to be minor relative to the major change in insulin secretion and clearance during the periparturient period.
Effects of Mediterranean diet supplemented with silybin-vitamin E-phospholipid complex in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is the most common liver disease worldwide. Aim: The aim of this study is to compare the metabolic effects of the Mediterranean diet versus the diet associated with silybin, phosphatidylcholine and vitamin E complex in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Methods: Thirty Caucasian overweight patients were randomized into three groups of 10 (Groups A, B and C). A personalized Mediterranean diet was started in Group A and B patients. In association with the diet, Group B patients were given Realsil complex, daily, for 6 months. Group C patients refused any treatment. Results: We showed that the Mediterranean diet alone, or in association with the Realsil complex, led to the significant variation in BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol and triglycerides. We also observed a statistically significant decrease in homeostasis model assessment technique in Group B patients.
The effects of kefir consumption on human health: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Context Kefir, a traditional, fermented-milk beverage, has increasingly been promoted for various health benefits. The evidence from systematic reviews, however, is limited. Objective Evidence from randomized controlled trials testing oral consumption of fermented-milk kefir on any outcome of human health or disease. Data Sources A systematic search of 4 electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Allied and Complementary Medicine Database, and Cochrane Trials) from inception to July 31, 2021, was conducted. Data Extraction Data extraction and risk-of-bias assessments were conducted by 2 reviewers independently. Data Analysis A total of 18 publications reporting the results of 16 studies were included. Per the narrative analysis, fermented-milk kefir may have potential as a complementary therapy in reducing oral Streptococcus mutans, thereby reducing dental caries risk, and in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy. Kefir may further aid treatment of adult dyslipidemia and hypertension, although evidence was very limited. Safety was only assessed in 5 of the 18 included publications, and 12 of the studies had an overall high risk for bias. Conclusion Kefir is a dairy product with a unique microbiological profile that appears to be a safe for generally healthy populations to consume. However, efficacy and safety data from high-quality human trials are essential before any recommendations may be made for conditions of the oral and gastric microbiota and metabolic health. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42020211494.
Consumption of Yogurt, Low-Fat Milk, and Other Low-Fat Dairy Products Is Associated with Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome Incidence in an Elderly Mediterranean Population; Background: The association between consumption of dairy products and the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unclear.
Supplementation with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids in late gestation in ewes changes adipose tissue gene expression in the ewe and growth and plasma concentration of ghrelin in the offspring; Omega-3 long chain fatty acids have a positive impact on production. When consumed during late gestation, it might have fetal programming effects on the fetus, which will have lifelong impacts on development and production. The objectives of the present study were to evaluate the effect of increasing doses of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the diet of ewes in the last third of gestation on their body weight (BW), subcutaneous adipose tissue relative mRNA abundance of genes associated with adipose tissue metabolism, and growth performance and plasma metabolites and hormones of their offspring during the finishing phase. Ewes (n = 72) were blocked by BW and allotted to pens (8 per treatment) with 3 ewes per pen. Ewes were supplemented with an EPA and DHA source (Strata G113) at concentrations of 0, 1, or 2% of dry matter intake during the last 50 d of gestation. At lambing, all ewes were penned together and offered the same diet. After weaning at 60 d of age, lambs were blocked by BW and sex and fed for 56 d. All lambs were fed the same pellet diet (61.09% ground corn, 24.08% soy hulls, 11.09% soybean meal, 1.48% Ca salt of palm oil, and 2.26% mixed mineral vitamin), and were weighed every 14 d until the end of the trial. Blood samples were collected on the weight sampling days. Dry matter intake and refusals were weighed daily. Data were analyzed as a randomized complete block design with repeated measurements (SAS 9.4). Polynomial contrast (linear-L and quadratic-Q) was used for mean separation. There were no differences in ewe body condition score, milk production, milk fat, or milk protein, but there was a trend for increased (L, P = 0.06) lactose concentration, and also differences in DGAT1 (L, P = 0.04), Delta(5)-desaturase (Q, P = 0.06) and Delta(6)-desaturase (Q, P = 0.07), PPAR alpha (Q, P = 0.03), ELOVL2 and 5 (Q, P < 0.07), FABP4 (Q, P = 0.04), FATP1 (Q, P = 0.06), leptin (Q, P = 0.02), and resistin (L, P = 0.05). Feeding pregnant ewes an increased amount of EPA and DHA in late gestation increased final BW (L, P = 0.01), ADG (L, P = 0.04; Q, P = 0.01), DMI (Q, P <= 0.01), plasma glucose concentration (L, P = 0.04), and trended to decrease ghrelin concentrations (L, P = 0.07) in offspring during the finishing period. Dam supplementation did not affect G:F, nor plasma NEFA concentration (P >= 0.53) of lambs. Therefore, increasing supplementation of EPA and DHA in pregnant ewes has an impact on offspring performance, increasing DMI, ADG, and BW.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, Biomarkers of Inflammation, and Oxidative Stress in People with Overweight, Diabetes, and Coronary Heart Disease: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Synbiotics are known to exert multiple beneficial effects, including anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), biomarkers of inflammation, and oxidative stress in people with overweight, diabetes, and coronary heart disease (CHD). This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted and involved 60 people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD, aged 50-85years old. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to take either synbiotic supplements containing three probiotic bacteria spices Lactobacillus acidophilus strain T16 (IBRC-M10785), Lactobacillus casei strain T2 (IBRC-M10783), and Bifidobacterium bifidum strain T1 (IBRC-M10771) (2x10(9)CFU/g each) plus 800mg inulin or placebo (n=30 each group) for 12weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 12-week intervention period to determine metabolic variables. After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation significantly reduced serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-3101.7 +/- 5109.1 vs. -6.2 +/- 3163.6ng/mL, P=0.02), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) (-0.6 +/- 1.0 vs. -0.1 +/- 0.3mol/L, P=0.01), and significantly increased nitric oxide (NO) levels (+7.8 +/- 10.3 vs. -3.6 +/- 6.9mol/L, P<0.001). We did not observe any significant changes of synbiotic supplementation on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels. Overall, synbiotic supplementation for 12weeks among people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD had beneficial effects on serum hs-CRP, plasma NO, and MDA levels; however, it did not have any effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels.
Dietary supplement of conjugated linoleic acids or polyunsaturated fatty acids suppressed the mobilization of body fat reserves in dairy cows at early lactation through different pathways; To investigate the metabolic (.11, !I:2.es in the adipose tissue (AT) of dairy cows under milk fat depression (MFD), 30 cows were randomly allocated to a control diet, a conjugated linoleic acid (CLA)-supplemented diet, or a high-starch diet supplemented with a mixture of sunflower and fish oil (2:1; as HSO diet) from 1 to 112 d in milk. Performance of animals, milk yield, milk composition, energy balance, and blood metabolites were measured during lactation. Quantitative PCR analyses were conducted on the AT samples collected at wk 3 and 15 of lactation. The CLA and HSO diets considerably depressed milk fat yield and milk fat content at both wk 3 and 15 in the absence of significant changes in milk protein and lactose contents. In addition, the HSO diet lowered milk yield at wk 15 and decreased dry matter intake of cows from wk 3 to 15. Compared with the control, both CLA and HSO groups showed reduced body weight loss, improved energy balance, and decreased plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate at early lactation. The gene expression analyses reflected suppressed lipolysis in AT of the CLA and HSO groups compared with the control at wk 3, as suggested by the downregulation of hormone-sensitive lipase and fatty acid binding protein 4 and the upregulation of perilipin 2. In addition, the HSO diet promoted lipogenesis in AT at wk 15 through the upregulation of 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 2, mitochondria' glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase, perilipin 2, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. The CLA diet likely regulated insulin sensitivity in AT as it upregulated the transcription of various genes involved in insulin signaling, inflammatory responses, and ceramide metabolism, including protein kinase B2, nuclear factor kappa B1, toll-like receptor 4, caveolin 1, serine palmitoyltransferase long chain base subunit 1, and N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase 1. In contrast, the HSO diet resulted in little or no change in the pathways relevant to insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, the CLA and HSO diets induced a shift in energy partitioning toward AT instead of mammary gland during lactation through the regulation of different pathways.
Effect of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure in moderately hypercholesterolemic men and women; Objectives: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk is rich in unique bioactive proteins. Several studies suggest that MFGM proteins possess biological activities such as cholesterol-lowering, antiviral, antibacterial, and anticancer properties, but data in humans are lacking. Furthermore, to our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the antihypertensive potential of MFGM proteins from buttermilk. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of buttermilk consumption on blood pressure and on markers of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAS) system in humans.
Effects of lutein-enriched egg yolk in buttermilk or skimmed milk on serum lipids & lipoproteins of mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background and aims: Earlier studies in our group suggested that traditionally prepared buttermilk influences cholesterol metabolism. We therefore designed a study to evaluate whether traditionally prepared buttermilk lowers serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and/or prevents the LDL-C raising effect of egg yolks.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks ( P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week ( P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption ( P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline ( P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly ( P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A Meta-Analysis of 46 Studies Identified by the FDA Demonstrates that Soy Protein Decreases Circulating LDL and Total Cholesterol Concentrations in Adults; Background: Certain plant foods (nuts and soy protein) and food components (viscous fibers and plant sterols) have been permitted by the FDA to carry a heart health claim based on their cholesterol-lowering ability. The FDA is currently considering revoking the heart health claim for soy protein due to a perceived lack of consistent LDL cholesterol reduction in randomized controlled trials.
Effect of Protein Intake on Visceral Abdominal Fat and Metabolic Biomarkers in Older Men With Functional Limitations: Results From a Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: It remains controversial whether high protein diets improve cardiometabolic profile. We investigated whether increasing protein intake to 1.3 g/kg/day in functionally limited older adults with usual protein intake <= RDA (0.8 g/kg/day) improves visceral fat accumulation and serum cardiovascular risk markers more than the recommended daily allowance (RDA).
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk.
Postprandial lipemic response in dairy-avoiding females following an equal volume of sheep milk relative to cow milk: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Sheep milk (SM) is an alternate dairy source, which despite many similarities, has both compositional and structural differences in lipids compared to cow milk (CM). Studies are yet to examine the apparent digestibility of SM lipids, relative to CM, and the potential impact on the plasma lipidome. Objective: To determine the response of the circulatory lipidome to equal volume servings of SM and CM, in females who avoid dairy products. Method: In a double-blinded, randomized, cross-over trial, self-described dairy avoiding females (n = 30; 24.4 +/- 1.1 years) drank SM or CM (650 mL; 33.4 vs. 21.3 g total lipid content; reconstituted from spray dried milk powders) following an overnight fast. Blood samples were collected at fasting and at regular intervals over 4 h after milk consumption. The plasma lipidome was analyzed by LC-MS and fatty acids were quantified by GC-FID. Results: The overall postprandial triglyceride (TG) response was similar between SM and CM. TG concentrations were comparable at fasting for both groups, however they were higher after CM consumption at 30 min (interaction milk x time p = 0.003), well before any postprandial lipemic response. This was despite greater quantities provided by SM. However, there were notable differences in the postprandial fatty acid response, with SM leading to an increase in short- and medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) (C6:0, C8:0, and C10:0) and several long-chain fatty acids (LCFAs) (C18:1 t11, c9, t11-CLA, and C20:0; interaction time x milk p < 0.05). This corresponded to a greater postprandial response for medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) C10:0, including TG(10:0/14:0/18:1), TG(16:0/10:0/12:0), and TG(16:0/10:0/14:0) (interaction time x milk p < 0.05). Conclusions: Despite a higher fat content, SM ingestion resulted in a greater circulating abundance of MCTs, without increasing total postprandial triglyceride response, when compared to CM. The greater abundance and postprandial appearance of MCTs may provide advantageous metabolic responses in children and adults.
Effects of Dairy Intake on Markers of Cardiometabolic Health in Adults: A Systematic Review with Network Meta-Analysis; The health effects of dairy products are still a matter of scientific debate owing to inconsistent findings across trials. Therefore, this sys-tematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) aimed to compare the effects of different dairy products on markers of cardiometabolic health. A systematic search was conducted in 3 electronic databases [MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), and Web of Science; search date: 23 September 2022]. This study included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a >= 12-wk intervention comparing any 2 of the eligible interventions [e.g., high dairy (>= 3 servings/d or equal amount in grams per day), full-fat dairy, low-fat dairy, naturally fermented milk products, and low dairy/control (0-2 servings/d or usual diet)]. A pairwise meta-analysis and NMA using random -effects model was performed in the frequentist framework for 10 outcomes [body weight, BMI, fat mass, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and systolic blood pressure]. Continuous outcome data were pooled using mean differences (MDs) and dairy interventions ranked using the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. Nineteen RCTs with 1427 participants were included. High-dairy intake (irrespective of fat content) showed no detrimental effects on anthropometric outcomes, blood lipids, and blood pressure. Both low-fat and full-fat dairy improved systolic blood pressure (MD: -5.22 to -7.60 mm Hg; low certainty) but, concomitantly, may impair glycemic control (fasting glucose-MD: 0.31-0.43 mmol/L; glycated hemoglobin-MD: 0.37%-0.47%). Full-fat dairy may increase HDL cholesterol compared with a control diet (MD: 0.26 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.49 mmol/L). Yogurt improved waist circumference (MD: -3.47 cm; 95% CI: -6.92, -0.02 cm; low certainty), triglycerides (MD: -0.38 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.73, -0.03 mmol/L; low certainty), and HDL cholesterol (MD: 0.19 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.00, 0.38 mmol/L) compared with milk. In conclusion, our findings indicate that there is little robust evidence that a higher dairy intake has detrimental effects on markers of cardiometabolic health.This review was registered at PROSPERO as CRD42022303198.
Effects of Regular Kefir Consumption on Gut Microbiota in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Parallel-Group, Randomized, Controlled Study; Several health-promoting effects of kefir have been suggested, however, there is limited evidence for its potential effect on gut microbiota in metabolic syndrome This study aimed to investigate the effects of regular kefir consumption on gut microbiota composition, and their relation with the components of metabolic syndrome. In a parallel-group, randomized, controlled clinical trial setting, patients with metabolic syndrome were randomized to receive 180 mL/day kefir (n = 12) or unfermented milk (n = 10) for 12 weeks. Anthropometrical measurements, blood samples, blood pressure measurements, and fecal samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure showed a significant decrease by the intervention of kefir (p <= 0.05, for each). However, no significant difference was obtained between the kefir and unfermented milk groups (p > 0.05 for each). Gut microbiota analysis showed that regular kefir consumption resulted in a significant increase only in the relative abundance of Actinobacteria (p = 0.023). No significant change in the relative abundance of Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria or Verrucomicrobia by kefir consumption was obtained. Furthermore, the changes in the relative abundance of sub-phylum bacterial populations did not differ significantly between the groups (p > 0.05, for each). Kefir supplementation had favorable effects on some of the metabolic syndrome parameters, however, further investigation is needed to understand its effect on gut microbiota composition.
Meals with Similar Fat Content from Different Dairy Products Induce Different Postprandial Triglyceride Responses in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Cross-Over Trial; Background: Postprandial lipemia is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dairy products differ in nutrient content and food matrix, and little is known about how different dairy products affect postprandial triglyceride (TG) concentrations.
The role of nutrition on Parkinson's disease: a systematic review; Background Parkinson's disease (PD) in elderly patients is the second most prevalent neurodegenerative disease. The pathogenesis of PD is associated with dopaminergic neuron degeneration of the substantia nigra in the basal ganglia, causing classic motor symptoms. Oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and neuroinflammation have been identified as possible pathways in laboratory investigations. Nutrition, a potentially versatile factor from all environmental factors affecting PD, has received intense research scrutiny. Methods A systematic search was conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, and WEB OF SCIENCE databases from 2000 until the present. Only randomized clinical trials (RCTs), observational case-control studies, and follow-up studies were included. Results We retrieved fifty-two studies that met the inclusion criteria. Most selected studies investigated the effects of malnutrition and the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) on PD incidence and progression. Other investigations contributed evidence on the critical role of microbiota, vitamins, polyphenols, dairy products, coffee, and alcohol intake. Conclusions There are still many concerns regarding the association between PD and nutrition, possibly due to underlying genetic and environmental factors. However, there is a body of evidence revealing that correcting malnutrition, gut microbiota, and following the MeDiet reduced the onset of PD and reduced clinical progression. Other factors, such as polyphenols, polyunsaturated fatty acids, and coffee intake, can have a potential protective effect. Conversely, milk and its accessory products can increase PD risk. Nutritional intervention is essential for neurologists to improve clinical outcomes and reduce the disease progression of PD.
Nuts: Natural Pleiotropic Nutraceuticals; Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy-dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, high-quality protein, fiber, non-sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all-cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy-dense foods, they do not predispose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PREDIMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by approximate to 30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut-supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health outcomes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
Application of Comparative Lipidomics to Elucidate Postprandial Metabolic Excursions Following Dairy Milk Ingestion in Individuals with Prediabetes; Nutrient-dense dairy foods are an important component of a healthy diet. Recommendations, however, advise non- and low-fat dairy foods despite controversy concerning whether full-fat dairy foods adversely impact cardiometabolic health. Therefore, in this study, our objective is to examine the differential plasma lipidomic responses to non-fat or full-fat milk ingestion during postprandial hyperglycemia. Seven adults with prediabetes completed a randomized cross-over study in which glucose was consumed alone or with non-fat or full-fat dairy milk. Plasma samples collected at 90 min and 180 min post milk ingestion were used to perform untargeted lipidomics analysis. A total of 332 lipids from 20 classes and five lipid categories were detected at different time points during the postprandial period. Dairy milk, especially non-fat milk, protected against lipid changes otherwise induced by glucose ingestion. Co-ingestion of dairy milk with glucose, regardless of fat content, significantly altered lipid profiles although full-fat milk more substantially modulated lipid profiles. For the identified lipid biomarkers, 68.0% and 66.7% of the lipids significantly increased at 90 and 180 min, respectively, while phosphatidylcholines (GPs) contributed most for the significant increase. Comparative lipidomics analysis indicated that both types of dairy milk induced significant changes in several lipid pathways, including glycerophospholipid metabolism and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, to protect against postprandial hyperglycemia. In summary, our comparative lipidomics results suggested that dairy milk-mediated lipid modulation may be an effective dietary approach to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases among those with prediabetes.
Butter increased total and LDL cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher HDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet; Background: Butter is known to have a cholesterol-raising effect and, therefore, has often been included as a negative control in dietary studies, whereas the effect of moderate butter intake has not been elucidated to our knowledge.
The effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipid concentrations: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aim: Fermented milk products are suggested as a supplementary therapy to help reduce blood lipid levels. However, the results of clinical studies are conflicting. Data synthesis: This study systematically reviewed 39 randomized controlled trials (n Z 2237 participants) to investigate the effect of probiotic fermented milk products on blood lipids. A meta-analysis was performed using random effects models, with weighted mean differences (WMDs) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Statistically significant reductions in blood lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -7.34 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -10.04 to -4.65, and P < 0.001) and total cholesterol (TC) concentrations (WMD: -8.30 mg/dL, 95% CI: from -11.42 to -5.18, and P 0.001) were observed. No statistically significant effect of probiotic fermented milk was observed on blood high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG) levels. The effect on TC and LDL-C level was more pronounced in men, and a greater reduction in TAG was observed in trials with longer interventions ( 8 weeks) as compared to their counterparts. Conclusions: Available evidence suggests that probiotic fermented milk products may help to reduce serum TC and LDL-C cholesterol levels, particularly in men and when they are consumed
Dairy milk proteins attenuate hyperglycemia-induced impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting increases in glycemia and oxidative stress that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO center dot) bioavailability. Dairy milk and its proteins attenuate PPH, but whether this improves VEF is unknown. We hypothesized that dairy milk, mediated by its whey and/or casein proteins, improves VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO center dot bioavailability. A randomized, cross-over trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=23) who ingested glucose (75 g, GLU) alone or with 473 mL of non-fat dairy milk (MILK) or isonitrogenous (16.5 g) amounts of whey (WHEY) or casein (CASEIN) in 473 mL of water. Prior to and at 30 min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress, and NO center dot homeostasis. FMDAUC decreased to the greatest extent during GLU, which was similarly improved in dairy trials. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F-2-isoprostanes, methylglyoxal, and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Plasma arginine and NO center dot metabolites were greater but methylated arginine metabolites were lower in dairy trials compared with GLU. Postprandial insulin, lipids, and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, mediated by its whey and casein proteins, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO center dot bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO center dot biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. These findings support observational studies that dairy milk lowers cardiovascular disease risk. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for CVD Prevention and Treatment; The authors identified individual randomized controlled trials from previous meta-analyses and additional searches, and then performed meta-analyses on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. The authors assessed publications from 2012, both before and including the U.S. Preventive Service Task Force review. Their systematic reviews and meta-analyses showed generally moderate-or low-quality evidence for preventive benefits (folic acid for total cardiovascular disease, folic acid and B-vitamins for stroke), no effect (multivitamins, vitamins C, D, beta-carotene, calcium, and selenium), or increased risk (antioxidant mixtures and niacin [with a statin] for all-cause mortality). Conclusive evidence for the benefit of any supplement across all dietary backgrounds (including deficiency and sufficiency) was not demonstrated; therefore, any benefits seen must be balanced against possible risks. (c) 2018 The authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
The effect of kefir consumption on the lipid profile for individuals with normal and dyslipidemic properties: a randomized controlled trial; Objective
Short-term effects of goat milk yogurt-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides and two raisin varieties on subjective appetite, blood pressure and glycaemic responses in healthy adults. Results from a randomised clinical trial; Goat milk yogurt (GMY) and raisins are popular foods with a favourable nutrient profile. Our aim was to determine the glycaemic index (GI) and postprandial responses to GMY-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory (ACE-I) peptides carrying the RPKHPINHQ isracidin fragment and two Greek raisin varieties in an acute feeding setting. A total of twelve healthy participants (four male and eight female) consumed breakfast study foods containing 25 g available carbohydrate on seven occasions over a 3-to 9-week period: food 1: D-glucose (25 g) served as the control and was consumed on three separate occasions; food 2: GMY (617.28 g); food 3: Corinthian raisins (37.76 g); food 4: Sultana raisins (37.48 g) and food 5: GMY & C (308.64 g GMY and 18.88 g C). Postprandial glucose was measured over a 2 h period for the determination of GI and glycaemic load (GL). Subjective appetite ratings (hunger, fullness and desire to eat) were assessed by visual analogue scales (100 mm) at 0-120 min. Blood pressure (systolic and diastolic; BP) was measured at baseline and 120 min. GMY provided low GI (26), C and S provided high GI/low GL (75/10 and 70/9, respectively) and GMYC provided low GI (47) values on glucose scale compared with D-glucose. Peak blood glucose rise was significantly lower only for GMY and GMYC compared with reference food (D-Glucose), as well as C and S (P-for all < 0.05). No differences were observed between test foods for fasting glucose, BP and subjective appetite. In conclusion, GMY and GMYC attenuated postprandial glycaemic responses, which may offer advantages to glycaemic control.
Dairy Product Consumption in the Prevention of Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Previous meta-analyses have associated dairy products with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). Since then, new studies evaluating not only total dairy but also different subtypes have been published in this field. The objective of the present work was to systematically review and meta-analyze the epidemiologic studies regarding the associations between the consumption of total dairy products and subtypes (milk, yogurt, and cheese) and the incidence of MetS. Relevant studies were identified through Medline and Cochrane databases. Eligible studies were prospective cohort studies that examined the association between dairy product consumption and/or different subtypes of dairy and the risk of MetS. Random-effects or fixed-effects models were assigned to calculate the pooled RR estimates with 95% CIs. From the 2994 identified articles, 12 and 11 studies were included for the qualitative and quantitative synthesis, respectively. After comparing the highest with the lowest categories, total dairy product consumption was inversely associated with the risk of MetS (9 study comparisons; RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.83). Low-fat dairy and total yogurt consumption were inversely associated with the risk of MetS (low-fat dairy: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.77; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.91; total yogurt consumption: 4 study comparisons; RR: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.82). The linear RR per 1 serving of yogurt/d was 0.77 (95% CI: 0.60, 1.00). Low-fat yogurt and whole-fat yogurt were inversely associated with the risk of MetS (low-fat yogurt: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.72; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.84; whole-fat yogurt: 2 study comparisons; RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.70, 0.94). Total milk consumption was inversely associated with the risk of MetS (6 study comparisons; RR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.97). Whole-fat dairy consumption was not associated with MetS risk. Our findings suggest that the consumption of total and low-fat dairy products, milk, and yogurt is inversely associated with the risk of MetS. The study protocol is available at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/ as CRD42018082480.
Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, protects against postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting oxidative stress responses that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative-stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO center dot) bioavailability. Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, attenuates PPH, but whether this improves VEF by limiting oxidative stress responses that otherwise decrease NO center dot bioavailability is not known. We hypothesized that nonfat and full-fat dairy milk would similarly improve VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO center dot biosynthesis and bioavailability. A randomized, crossover trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=22) who ingested glucose (75 g) dissolved in 473 ml of water (GLU), or glucose with an equal volume of nonfat dairy milk (NFM) or full-fat dairy milk (FFM). Prior to and at 30-min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured circulating biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress and NO center dot homeostasis. AUC(0-180 min) for FMD and NO center dot metabolites was lowest in GLU but relatively greater in NFM and FFM. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F-2-isoprostanes and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Milk-mediated vasoprotection was accompanied by greater levels of plasma arginine and lower levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine and symmetric dimethylarginine. Postprandial insulin, lipids and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, regardless of its fat content, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO center dot bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO center dot biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of two types of soy milk and dairy milk on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic adults: A randomized trial; Objective: To compare the effects of two commercially available soy milks (one made using whole soy beans, the other using soy protein isolate) with low-fat dairy milk on plasma lipid, insulin, and glucose responses. Design: Randomized clinical trial, cross-over design.
Effects of aerobic and resistance training combined with fortified milk on muscle mass, muscle strength, and physical performance in older adults: A randomized controlled trial; Fortified milk and resistance training (RT) increase muscle mass, muscle strength, and physical performance in older adults, but it remains unclear whether RT combined with aerobic training (AT) would have stronger effects on these outcomes. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of aerobic and resistance training (ART) combined with fortified milk consumption on muscle mass, muscle strength, and physical performance in older adults.
Effects of dietary supplementation with ghee, hydrogenated oil, or olive oil on lipid profile and fatty streak formation in rabbits; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. A high-fat diet, rich in saturated fatty acids and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids, is said to be an important cause of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases.
Growth performance, nutrient utilization, and health of dairy calves supplemented with condensed whey solubles; Our objective was to evaluate growth performance, nutrient utilization, and health of calves supplemented with condensed whey solubles (CWS). Twenty-four Holstein calves (2 d old) in hutches were used in a 12-wk randomized complete block design study. Calves were blocked by birth date and sex. Treatments were (1) control (CON) with no supplement and (2) 50 g/d of CWS. Preweaning CWS was fed with milk and postweaning CWS was top-dressed on starter pellets. Calves were fed 2.83 L of pasteurized milk 2x/d during wk 1 to 5, 1x/d in wk 6, and weaned at d 42. Calves had ad libitum access to starter pellets and water. Individual intakes of milk and starter pellets were measured daily. Fecal scores (0 = firm, 3 = watery) and respiratory scores (healthy <= 3, sick <= 5), calculated from the sum of scores for rectal temperature, cough, ocular, and nasal discharge, were recorded daily. Body weights (BW), frame growth, and jugular blood samples were taken once every week at 3 h after the morning feeding. Fecal grab samples were collected in wk 12 for analysis of apparent total-tract digestibility. Data were analyzed using MIXED procedures of SAS 9.4 (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC) with repeated measures. Total dry matter intake was greater in calves fed CWS compared with CON. Calves fed CWS tended to have greater BW during the postweaning period. Gain: feed, average daily gains, withers heights, and concentrations of plasma urea nitrogen were not different. Concentrations of plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate were greater in calves fed CWS compared with CON. Serum glucose concentrations were greater in calves fed CON during the preweaning stage, but similar concentrations were found between treatments during the postweaning stage. Rumen pH, ammonia-N, and total volatile fatty acids were similar between treatments. The acetate: propionate ratio was greater in calves fed CWS. The apparent total-tract digestion of nutrients was similar; however, CON tended to have greater digestion of neutral detergent fiber. Fecal scores were not different, but a treatment by week interaction was observed. Supplementing CWS improved starter intake, postweaning BW, beta-hydroxybutyrate, fecal scores, and maintained frame growth.
Impact of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Soy milk contains some beneficial components such as isoflavones which can exert favorable effects on the cardiovascular health. The current study aimed to comprehensively evaluate the potential effects of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors in adults. Methods: Relevant articles published up to June 2020 were systematically retrieved from SCOPUS, PubMed/ MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases. In our study, we included all the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the impact of soy milk consumption on various cardiometabolic risk factors in adults (age >= 18 years). A meta-analysis of the eligible studies was performed using the random-effects model. Results: The quantitative meta-analysis of 18 eligible RCTs (665 participants, age range 18-65 years) demonstrated that the consumption of soy milk significantly reduced systolic (P < 0.001) and diastolic (P = 0.002) blood pressure, total (P = 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.041) cholesterol, waist circumference (P = 0.005), C-reactive protein (P < 0.001), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.016). Significant between-study heterogeneity was found for the pooled effect sizes of blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In addition, the subgroup analyses indicated that the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) was more pronounced when soy milk was consumed for <= 4 weeks. However, there were no significant differences between soy milk and control groups for the other factors, namely body weight, body mass index (BMI), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose (FBG), and fasting insulin, interleukin-6, and fibrinogen. Conclusions: The current systematic review and meta-analysis revealed that incorporating soy milk into the diet might favorably affect several cardiometabolic risk factors in both healthy and unhealthy individuals.
Consumption of regular-fat vs reduced-fat cheese reveals gender-specific changes in LDL particle size - a randomized controlled trial; Background: Regular-fat cheese does not seem to increase low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations compared to reduced-fat cheese. However, plasma LDL-C concentrations do not reflect levels and size of LDL particles, which might be a better predictor of cardiovascular risk
Sex differences in postprandial responses to different dairy products on lipoprotein subclasses: a randomised controlled cross-over trial; Men have earlier first-time event of CHD and higher postprandial TAG response compared with women. The aim of this exploratory sub-study was to investigate if intake of meals with the same amount of fat from different dairy products affects postprandial lipoprotein subclasses differently in healthy women and men. A total of thirty-three women and fourteen men were recruited to a randomised controlled cross-over study with four dairy meals consisting of butter, cheese, whipped cream or sour cream, corresponding to 45 g of fat (approximately 60 energy percent). Blood samples were taken at 0, 2, 4 and 6 h postprandially. Lipoprotein subclasses were measured using NMR and analysed using a linear mixed model. Sex had a significant impact on the response in M-VLDL (P=0 center dot 04), S-LDL (P=0 center dot 05), XL-HDL (P=0 center dot 009) and L-HDL (P=0 center dot 001) particle concentration (P), with women having an overall smaller increase in M-VLDL-P, a larger decrease in S-LDL-P and a larger increase in XL- and L-HDL-P compared with men, independent of meal. Men showed a decrease in XS-VLDL-P compared with women after intake of sour cream (P<0 center dot 01). In men only, XS-VLDL-P decreased after intake of sour cream compared with all other meals (v. butter: P=0 center dot 001; v. cheese: P=0 center dot 04; v. whipped cream: P=0 center dot 006). Meals with the same amount of fat from different dairy products induce different postprandial effects on lipoprotein subclass concentrations in men and women.
Effectiveness of Chickpeas on Blood Sugar: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Diabetes affects one in eleven adults globally, with rising cases in the past 30 years. Type 1 and type 2 cause blood sugar problems, increasing cardiovascular risks. Dietary control, including chickpeas, is suggested but needs more research. Comprehensive searches were conducted across multiple databases for the randomized controlled trial efficacy of chickpea consumption to lower blood sugar levels to a healthy range, with data extraction and risk of bias assessment performed independently by two researchers. Statistical analysis was performed using RevMan 5.4, expressing continuous data as mean differences and risk ratios with 95% confidence intervals, and a summary of the findings is provided considering the variations in study characteristics. A total of 118 articles were initially identified from seven databases, primarily from Anglo-American countries, resulting in 12 selected studies after the identification and screening processes. These studies involved 182 participants, focusing on healthy or normoglycemic adults, and assessed the effects of chickpeas compared to various foods such as wheat, potatoes, pasta, sauce, cheese, rice, and corn. A meta-analysis involving a subset of studies demonstrated that chickpeas were more effective in reducing blood glucose iAUC compared to potatoes and wheat. Chickpeas offer the potential for blood sugar control through low starch digestibility, high fiber, protein, and hormonal effects. Although insulin benefits are seen, statistical significance varies, supporting their role in diabetic diets focusing on nutrient-rich foods over processed carbs.
Differential impact of the cheese matrix on the postprandial lipid response: a randomized, crossover, controlled trial; Background: In a simulated gastrointestinal environment, the cheese matrix modulates dairy fat digestion. However, to our knowledge, the impact of the cheese matrix on postprandial lipemia in humans has not yet been evaluated.
A randomized controlled trial examining the effects of treatment with propylene glycol and injectable cyanocobalamin on naturally occurring disease, milk production, and reproductive outcomes of dairy cows diagnosed with concurrent hyperketonemia and hypoglycemia; The objective of this study was to assess the ef-fects of treatment with propylene glycol (PG) and cyanocobalamin (B12) on health, milk production, and reproductive outcomes of cows diagnosed with hyper-ketonemia (HK), hypoglycemia (HG), or concurrent HKHG. Glucose and 0-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) concentrations were assessed in whole blood using a handheld device in lactating dairy cows (n = 2,418) between 3 and 9 d postpartum. Cows categorized as HK (n = 232, BHBA >1.2 mmol/L), HG (n = 161, glucose <2.2 mmol/L), and concurrent HKHG (n = 204, BHBA >1.2 mmol/L, and glucose <2.2 mmol/L) were randomized to receive treatment or to remain un-treated (control). Treatment consisted of a single dose of B12 (10 mg, intramuscularly) and 300 mL of PG orally for 5 d, starting on the day of cow-side testing. Milk production, health, and reproductive outcomes were analyzed according to groups. Statistical analysis was carried out using SAS version 9.4 (SAS/STAT, SAS Institute Inc.). Treatment in HG cows decreased clinical ketosis, increased milk production in the fifth week of lactation for multiparous cows, and tended to increase 305-d mature-equivalent milk yield (305ME) for primiparous cows compared with untreated cows with the same metabolic profile. For cows with HKHG, treatment increased 305ME in multiparous cows and tended to increase 305ME in primiparous cows. No dif-ferences were found for treatment among any of the metabolic groups regarding reproductive outcomes, nor were any treatment effects found among HK cows. Glycemic status may help identify metabolically chal-lenged early postpartum dairy cows, which may have differential response to PG and B12 treatment.
Investigation of the Protective Effect of Kefir against Isoproterenol Induced Myocardial Infarction in Rats; This study aims to investigate the protective effects of kefir against myocardial infarction induced by isoproterenol (ISO). The rats were randomly divided into 4 groups, each group consisting of 8 rats. The control group, the kefir group (5 mL/kg/d kefir administered to rats as intra-gastric gavage for 60 d), the ISO group (100 mg/kg ISO was administered to rats, s.c. on 61. and 62. d), and kefir+ISO group (5 mL/kg/d kefir was administered to rats intra gastric gavage for 60 days prior to ISO, 100 mg/kg in two doses on day 61 and 62). 12 h after the last ISO dose, all rats were decapitated and their blood samples were collected. Cardiac tissue was reserved for histopathological examination. creatine kinase (CK), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), triglycerides, total cholesterol,very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and glucose were measured by autoanalyzer, whole blood malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH) and plasma advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) levels were measured spectrophotometrically. It was determined that in the group of kefir+ISO, the levels of AST (p<0.001), CK (p<0.001), LDH (p<0.001), MDA (p<0.001) and AOPP (p<0.001) were decreased, while the GSH (p<0.05) increased, compared to ISO group. There were no significant changes in lipid profile and glucose levels between these two groups. In conclusion, by examining cardiac enzymes and histopathological changes in cardiac tissue, it can be concluded that the administration of kefir in myocardial infarction induced by ISO can protect the heart with its antioxidant characteristic and minimize the toxic damage created by ISO.
Monounsaturated fat decreases hepatic lipid content in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats; AIM: To evaluate the effects of different types of dietary fats on the hepatic lipid content and oxidative stress parameters in rat liver with experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Variable Glycemic Responses to Intact and Hydrolyzed Milk Proteins in Overweight and Obese Adults Reveal the Need for Precision Nutrition; Background: Dietary modifications can contribute to improved pancreatic beta cell function and enhance glycemic control.
Dual probiotic strains suppress high fructose-induced metabolic syndrome; AIM: To investigate the effect of novel probiotics on the clinical characteristics of high-fructose induced metabolic syndrome.
Alleviation of Metabolic Endotoxemia by Milk Fat Globule Membrane: Rationale, Design, and Methods of a Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled, Crossover Dietary Intervention in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a phospholipid-rich component of dairy fat that might explain the benefits of full-fat dairy products on cardiometabolic risk. Preclinical studies support that MFGM decreases gut permeability, which could attenuate gut-derived endotoxin translocation and consequent inflammatory responses that impair cardiometabolic health.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (Dairy Health): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study; Background: Abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior.
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus salivarius</i> UBL S22 and Prebiotic Fructo-oligosaccharide on Serum Lipids, Inflammatory Markers, Insulin Sensitivity, and Gut Bacteria in Healthy Young Volunteers: A Randomized Controlled Single-Blind Pilot Study; This study investigated the effect of 6-week supplementation of a probiotic strain Lactobacillus salivarius UBL S22 with or without prebiotic fructo-oligosaccharide (FOS) on serum lipid profiles, immune responses, insulin sensitivity, and gut lactobacilli in 45 healthy young individuals. The patients were divided into 3 groups (15/group), that is, placebo, probiotic, and synbiotic. After 6 weeks, a significant reduction (P < .05) in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and triglycerides and increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was observed in the probiotic as well as in the synbiotic group when compared to placebo; however, the results of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were more pronounced in the synbiotic group. Similarly, when compared to the placebo group, the serum concentrations of inflammatory markers such as high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor a were significantly (P < .05) reduced in both the experimental groups, but again the reduction in the synbiotic group was more pronounced. Also, an increase (P < .05) in the fecal counts of total lactobacilli and a decrease (P < .05) in coliforms and Escherichia coil was observed in both the experimental groups after 6 weeks of ingestion. Overall, the combination of L salivarius with FOS was observed to be more beneficial than L salivarius alone, thereby advocating that such synbiotic combinations could be therapeutically exploited for improved health and quality of life.
Effects of biotin and nicotinamide supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism and milk production of transition dairy cows; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of supplementing biotin (BIO), nicotinamide (NAM) and their interaction on feed intake, milk production, and energy metabolism of transition dairy cows. Forty multiparous Holsteins were assigned randomly within block to 1 of the following 4 treatments: control (no supplementation), 30 mg/d BIO, 45 g/d NAM (ruminally unprotected), and 30 mg/d BIO + 45 g/d NAM. Cows were fed the same basal diet and received the supplements in drenches daily from about d -14 to 35 relative to parturition. Feed intake, energy balance and calf birth weight were not affected by BIO supplementation whereas NAM supplementation tended to increase prepartum dry matter intake and decrease body weight loss. Tendencies of BIO x NAM x week interaction were observed on energy balance during prepartum and entire period. The interaction of BIO x NAM was found on milk lactose percentage and fat yield. Supplementation of BIO resulted in increased concentration of BIO in plasma and decreased triglyceride concentration. The BIO x week interaction effects were detected for triglyceride, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. Supplementation of NAM increased plasma NAM and glucose while decreased nonesterified fatty acid, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein concentrations. The BIO x NAM x week interaction effect was observed on nonesterified fatty acid concentration during entire period. Blood insulin and total cholesterol concentrations were not affected. Supplementing BIO and NAM in a combination did not show additional benefits above those observed for BIO or NAM supplementation alone for most of the variables. In conclusion, drenching ruminally unprotected NAM at a high dose (45 g/d) is effective to provide utilizable NAM and elicit beneficial effects on the energy metabolism of transition dairy cows.
Dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review of findings and methodological issues; P>A growing body of observational research suggests that dairy consumption may have a beneficial effect on the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors within an individual that carries with it an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease. A systematic search of electronic databases identified cross-sectional studies (n = 10) and prospective cohort studies (n = 3) that assessed dairy intake in relation to MetS. The quality of the included studies was assessed based on study methodology, measurement and reporting of dietary intake, use of standardized MetS diagnostic criteria and statistical analysis. Dairy intake was inversely associated with incidence or prevalence of MetS in seven out of 13 studies. Three studies found no association between dairy and MetS. Three studies reported mixed relationships between specific dairy foods and MetS. The majority of studies suggested a potential benefit of dairy consumption on the risk of having MetS, but methodological differences, potential biases and other limitations in the studies conducted prevent conclusions to be drawn. Future randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the effect of dairy consumption on MetS.
Nonfat milk attenuates acute hyperglycemia in individuals with android obesity: A randomized control trial; Background: Elevated android body fat increases the risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases. Postprandial hyperglycemia contributes to the proatherogenic metabolic state evident in android adiposity. Due to the insulinotropic effect of milk-derived proteins, postprandial hyperglycemia has been shown to be reduced with the addition of dairy products. The purpose of this study was to determine whether one serving of nonfat milk added to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) could attenuate postprandial hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android adiposity and whether these improvements would be associated with metabolic and/or peripheral hemodynamic effects.
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults; All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well-being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (<two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age = 52 +/- 2 years; BMI = 31.5 +/- 0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Protective effects of cinnamon powder against hyperlipidemia and hepatotoxicity in butter fed female albino mice; A butter-enriched high-fat diet changes lipid metabolism, resulting in fat storage, hyperlipidemia and obesity. Effects of cinnamon powder were investigated in butter-fed mice. 40 Swiss Albino mice, aged 28 to 30 days, were randomly assigned into two groups. Group A was an untreated control group (n = 8) and another group (n = 32) was a butter-treated group fed 10% butter. In the fifth week, mice of the butter-fed group were further divided into four equal groups: B, C, D, and E (n = 8), fed 10% butter with cinnamon 200 mg, 400 mg, and 600 mg powder per liter drinking water, respectively for 10 weeks. The butter-fed group was gained the most weight. Cinnamon supplementation significantly normalized weight gain and had no harmful effects on hematological parameters. Butter supplementation significantly increased total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-c) whereas, cinnamon powder significantly reduced TC, LDL-c and glucose levels. In butter-fed mice, a significant increase was observed in the liver enzymes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels with subsequent fat deposition in the liver. Excitingly, these enzymes were decreased and no fat depositions were observed in the liver of cinnamon-treated mice. Applying different concentrations of cinnamon powder improved the lipid profile in butter-fed female albino mice. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on serum lipid levels: a randomized controlled trial; Background/Objective: Previous clinical trials have documented that soy protein reduces low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and increases high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol compared with milk protein. However, the effect of soy protein on lipids compared with carbohydrate has not been not well studied. We examined the effect of soy and milk protein supplementation on lipids and lipoproteins compared with carbohydrate among adults without hypercholesterolemia.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY SUPPLEMENTATION WITH DIFFERENT POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ON EXPRESSION OF GENES RELATED TO SOMATOTROPIC AXIS FUNCTION IN THE LIVER, SELECTED BLOOD INDICATORS, MILK YIELD AND MILK FATTY ACIDS PROFILE IN DAIRY COWS; The objective of this study was to investigate whether dietary supplementation with different polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) affects expression of genes related to somatotropic axis and the plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta hydroxyl butyrate acids (BHBA) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) and milk fatty acids profile. Right after calving, Holstein cows (n=45) were randomly assigned to one of three diets supplemented with roasted whole soybean as a source of omega-6 PUFA (omega-6, n=15), linseed as a source of omega-3 PUFA (omega-3, n=15) or palm oil (control, n=15). Each cow was in the study over a period of 70 days. Blood samples were collected every two weeks from day 1 to 70 of lactation and plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, NEFA, BHBA and IGF1 were determined. Liver samples were taken from a subset of 18 cows (6 per diet) at day 70 postpartum and hepatic mRNA level of total growth hormone-receptor 1A (GHR1A), insulin receptor (INSR), IGF1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP2) was assessed. Experimental diets did not affect milk yield. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were greater for omega-3 treatment compared to omega-6 and control treatments. Cows fed diets enriched in omega-3 exhibited greater INSR and GHR1A mRNA expression, and a tendency for greater IGF1 mRNA expression in the liver compared to omega-6 and control cows. Plasma IGF1 concentration was significantly higher in omega-3 treatment compared with omega-6 and control treatments. Results of this study suggest that feeding omega-3 PUFAs during early postpartum couples with the somatotropic axis, leading to an increase in plasma IGF1 concentration in dairy cows.
The Metabolic Syndrome and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Relation to the Parathyroid Hormone to 25-OH-D<sub>3</sub> Ratio in a General Population; BACKGROUND
Effects of dairy products consumption on inflammatory biomarkers among adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: This study aimed to summarize earlier studies on the effects of dairy consumption on inflammatory biomarkers in adults and to quantify these effects through meta-analysis.
Butter naturally enriched in <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 CLA prevents hyperinsulinemia and increases both serum HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels in rats; Background: Evidence from in vitro and animal studies indicates that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) possesses anti-diabetic properties, which appear to be attributed to cis-9, trans-11 CLA, the major CLA isomer in ruminant fat. However, there is a shortage of studies addressing CLA from natural source. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of butter naturally enriched in cis-9, trans-11 CLA on parameters related to glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and dyslipidemia in rats.
The effects of dietary supplements and natural products targeting glucose levels: an overview; Identifying effective dietary supplements and medicinal herbs has attracted the attention of clinicians and researchers to complement the standard treatment in controlling diabetes mellitus. In the present overview, we aimed to collect studies with the highest level of evidence to shed light on detecting the most effective dietary supplements and medicinal herbs for controlling glycemic status. For the current overview, four electronic databases, including PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library, were systematically searched from inception to 31 December 2020 and then updated until 1 October 2021 to obtain eligible meta-analyses on either dietary supplements or medicinal herbs and their effects on glycemic status. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) and Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) were considered as primary outcomes. Finally, ninety-one meta-analyses on dietary supplements (n = 55) and herbs (n = 36) were included. Evidence showed positive effects of chromium, zinc, propolis, aloe vera, milk thistle, fenugreek, cinnamon, ginger, and nettle on FBS and/or HbA1C. However, mostly the heterogeneity (I-2) was high. Other supplements and herbs also showed no reduction in glucose levels or their effects were small. Although some dietary supplements and medicinal herbs showed a significant reduction in FBS and/or HbA1C, mostly their effects from the clinical point of view were not remarkable. In addition, due to high heterogeneity, publication bias, and a limited number of included studies in most cases further clinical trials are needed for making decision on anti-diabetic supplement efficacy.
Effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin D<sub>3</sub>fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial; Purpose Physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front-line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. This study investigated the independent and combined effects of low-fat, calcium-vitamin D(3)fortified milk and multi-modal exercise training on blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men. Methods This was a pre-planned secondary analysis of an 18-month, randomised controlled trial. Community-dwelling men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk; (ii) fortified milk; (iii) exercise; or (iv) control. The low-fat milk (400 mL/day) was fortified with 1,000 mg/day calcium and 800 IU/day of vitamin-D-3, whilst the exercise intervention consisted of three sessions/week of resistance- and weight-bearing impact exercises. Resting BP and fasting lipids were assessed at baseline, 6 (lipids only), 12 and 18 months. Results Mean +/- SD serum 25(OH)D and calcium intake for the entire cohort at baseline was 86 +/- 36 nmol/L and 1002 +/- 397 mg/day, respectively, with 10% classified as vitamin-D insufficient and 58% reporting a calcium intake below 1000 mg/day. There were no exercise-by-fortified milk interactions, nor any main-group effects for exercise or milk on BP or lipids at any time. However, there were significant reductions from baseline to 18 months in systolic (mean change, 5-8 mmHg) and diastolic (4-6 mmHg) BP in the exercise, fortified milk and control groups. All results remained largely unchanged after adjusting for use of anti-hypertensive or lipid lowering medication, weight or fat mass, or only including men with hypertension (n = 89) or dyslipidemia (n = 130) at baseline. Conclusion Supplementation with low-fat, calcium + vitamin D(3)fortified milk and a multi-modal exercise program, alone or in combination, was not effective for improving BP or blood lipids in community-dwelling middle-aged and older men.
Differential effects of fish-oil and cocoa-butter based high-fat/high-sucrose diets on endocrine pancreas morphology and function in mice; Introduction: A high-fat/high-sucrose diet leads to adverse metabolic changes that affect insulin sensitivity, function, and secretion. The source of fat in the diet might inhibit or increase this adverse effect. Fish oil and cocoa butter are a significant part of our diets. Yet comparisons of these commonly used fat sources with high sucrose on pancreas morphology and function are not made. This study investigated the comparative effects of a fish oil-based high-fat/high-sucrose diet (Fish-HFDS) versus a cocoa butter-based high-fat/high-sucrose diet (Cocoa-HFDS) on endocrine pancreas morphology and function in mice. Methods: C57BL/6 male mice (n=12) were randomly assigned to dietary intervention either Fish-HFDS (n=6) or Cocoa-HFDS (n=6) for 22 weeks. Intraperitoneal glucose and insulin tolerance tests (IP-GTT and IP-ITT) were performed after 20-21 weeks of dietary intervention. Plasma concentrations of c-peptide, insulin, glucagon, GLP-1, and leptin were measured by Milliplex kit. Pancreatic tissues were collected for immunohistochemistry to measure islet number and composition. Tissues were multi-labelled with antibodies against insulin and glucagon, also including expression on Pdx1-positive cells. Results and discussion: Fish-HFDS-fed mice showed significantly reduced food intake and body weight gain compared to Cocoa-HFDS-fed mice. Fish-HFDS group had lower fasting blood glucose concentration and area under the curve (AUC) for both GTT and ITT. Plasma c-peptide, insulin, glucagon, and GLP-1 concentrations were increased in the Fish-HFDS group. Interestingly, mice fed the Fish-HFDS diet displayed higher plasma leptin concentration. Histochemical analysis revealed a significant increase in endocrine pancreas beta-cells and islet numbers in mice fed Fish-HFDS compared to the Cocoa-HFDS group. Taken together, these findings suggest that in a high-fat/high-sucrose dietary setting, the source of the fat, especially fish oil, can ameliorate the effect of sucrose on glucose homeostasis and endocrine pancreas morphology and function.
Comparison of the effects of cow's milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on plasma adipocytokines in overweight or obese women; Background: Obesity is an escalating public health problem. Adipose tissue synthesizes and secretes a variety of biological molecules, termed adipcytokines, that may contribute to obesity-linked metabolic abnormalities including cardiovascular diseases.
The effect of inulin and resistant maltodextrin on weight loss during energy restriction: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded intervention; Purpose The objective of this study was to investigate the additive effects of combining energy restriction with dietary fibres on change in body weight and gut microbiota composition. Methods The study was a 12-week randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, parallel intervention trial. A total of 116 overweight or obese participants were assigned randomly either to 10 g inulin plus 10 g resistant maltodextrin or to 20 g of placebo supplementation through 400 mL of milk a day, while on a - 500 kcal/day energy restricted diet. Results Altogether, 86 participants completed the intervention. There were no significant differences in weight loss or body composition between the groups. The fibre supplement reduced systolic (5.35 +/- 2.4 mmHg, p = 0.043) and diastolic (2.82 +/- 1.3 mmHg, p = 0.047) blood pressure to a larger extent than placebo. Furthermore, a larger decrease in serum insulin was observed in the placebo group compared to the fibre group (- 26.0 +/- 9.2 pmol/L, p = 0.006). The intake of fibre induced changes in the composition of gut microbiota resulting in higher abundances of Parabacteroides and Bifidobacteria, compared to placebo. The effects on blood pressure and glucose metabolism were mainly observed in women, and could be attributed to a higher gut microbiota diversity after intervention. Finally, the fibre group experienced a higher degree of gastrointestinal symptoms, which attenuated over time. Conclusions Supplementation of inulin and resistant maltodextrin did not provide an additional weight loss during an energy-restricted diet, but reduced both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Furthermore, the fibre supplement did stimulate the growth of potentially beneficial bacteria genera. Clinical trial registry The study was registered at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT03135041.
Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic effects of cream in obese patients; Background and aims: Inflammation and postprandial lipemia are associated with increased cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether ezetimibe and simvastatin combination, a lipid lowering combination of simvastatin and ezetimibe, exerts an anti-inflammatory effect in the fasting state and after dairy cream intake.
Effect of milk replacer feeding rate and frequency of preweaning dairy calves in the southeastern United States: Glucose metabolism; The objective of this experiment was to examine the effect of milk replacer (MR) feeding rate (FR) and frequency (FF) on glucose metabolism before and after weaning during summer and winter in the subtropical climate of the southeastern United States. Holstein calves (n = 48/season) were enrolled at 8 d of age (DOA) in the summer (June to August, body weight = 40.6 +/- 0.7 kg) and winter (November to January, body weight = 41.9 +/- 0.8 kg). In each season, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement including 2 FR [0.65 (low) or 0.76 kg of solids/d (high) of a 26% CP and 17% fat MR] and 2 FF [2x (0700 and 1600 h) or 3x (0700, 1600, and 2200 h)]. Calves were managed similarly and housed in polyethylene hutches bedded with sand. Milk replacer (12.5%) was fed based on treatments until 42 DOA when FR was reduced by half and offered 1x/d (0700 h) for 7 d. Plasma was collected weekly at 1400 h for analyses of glucose and insulin concentrations in all calves. Pre-and postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations of a subset of calves (n = 10/treatment per season) were measured on 20 DOA. A subset of calves (n = 8/treatment per season) was subjected to an intravenous glucose tolerance test (GTT) on 27 and 57 DOA and insulin challenge on 28 and 58 DOA at 1030 h. Average ambient temperature was 26.1 +/- 2.2 degrees C in summer and 12.9 +/- 5.4 degrees C in winter. During the preweaning period in both seasons, feeding high increased plasma glucose concentrations compared with low, and increasing FF reduced basal insulin concentrations. Compared with 2x, feeding 3x did not affect postprandial glucose but lowered insulin in the summer, whereas in the winter, increased glucose from 30 to 180 min but lowered insulin from 240 to 420 min after MR feeding. Following GTT before weaning in both seasons, 3x reduced insulin increment and area under the curve compared with 2x without affecting glucose disposal. After weaning, treatment did not affect glucose disposal or insulin responses after GTT during winter, but calves fed 3x had faster glucose disposal and stronger insulin responses than 2x during summer. In both summer and winter, preweaned calves fed 3x had greater decrement and area under the curve of plasma glucose after insulin challenge, suggesting enhanced peripheral tissue insulin response compared with 2x. This effect persisted after weaning only during summer. Increasing FR had no effect on metabolic responses in both seasons. In conclusion, increasing MR FF from 2 to 3 times per day reduced insulin secretion but enhanced insulin response on peripheral tissues of preweaned calves regardless of season.
Modifying the fatty acid profile of dairy products through feedlot technology lowers plasma cholesterol of humans consuming the products; Intake of milk and butter has been clearly associated with higher coronary heart disease rates in different countries and this is likely to be mediated by the hypercholesterolemic effect of dairy fat. Fat-modified dairy products are an innovation involving a technology in which protected unsaturated lipids are fed to ruminants resulting in milk and tissue lipids with reduced saturated fatty acids. We examined the impact of these novel dairy fats on plasma lipids in a human dietary trial. Thirty-three men and women participated in an 8-wk randomized crossover trial comparing fat-modified with conventional dairy products. The trial consisted of a 2-wk low-fat baseline period followed by two 3-wk intervention phases. During the test periods, the fat-modified products resulted in a significant 0.28-mmol/L (4.3%) lowering of total cholesterol (P < 0.001). Most of this decrease was in LDL cholesterol, which decreased by 0.24 mmol/L (P < 0.001) whereas HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerols remained essentially unchanged. This alteration in the fatty acid profile of dairy products, if applied to populations typical of developed Western countries, represents a potential strategy to lower the risk of coronary heart disease without any appreciable change in customary eating patterns.
Consistent magnitude of postpartum body weight loss within cows across lactations and the relation to reproductive performance; Great variation exists among cows in the magnitude of tissue mobilization during early lactation; however, it is not known whether this is an intrinsic trait. Our aims were (1) to test whether the degree of body weight (BW) loss is consistent within cows across lactations by examining daily BW records of 4 to 5 consecutive lactations and their relation to milk yield, health disorders, and reproductive performance; and (2) to examine, in an intensive study, the possible underlying physiological mechanism. Data from 416 first to fifth consecutive lactations obtained from 92 Israeli high-yielding Holstein dairy cows were analyzed. Cows were divided according to percentage of BW loss from wk 1 to 5 postpartum in their last lactation, into groups of (1) low weight loss (LWL; -3 to 6%; n = 37) and (2) high weight loss (HWL; 7 to 17%; n = 55). The average percentage of BW loss was 7.6% in the HWL group and 5.3% in the LWL group, and the pattern was consistent between groups across lactations. Milk and 4% fat-corrected milk yields during the first 30 d in milk across lactations were higher in HWL than in LWL groups, but 305-d yields were similar. The number of open days and the interval between lactations were consistent across lactations, 17 and 20 d longer, respectively, in HWL versus LWL cows. Across lactations, the conception rates from first, second, and third artificial inseminations were 9.6% higher in LWL than in HWL cows. No differences in the incidence of health disorders were observed between groups. The intensive study was conducted with 12 randomly selected peripartum cows divided into c-HWL and c-LWL groups according to the same criteria. Similar dry matter intake and efficiency calculations were observed between groups postpartum, implying that the differences may not be related to these factors. In response to a glucose-tolerance test, c-HWL cows had higher insulin secretion pre- and postpartum than c-LWL cows, suggesting the former had lower sensitivity to insulin. This is the first study demonstrating that the magnitude of BW loss postpartum within cows is consistent across lactations, and this trait is associated with reproductive performance. The degree of BW loss postpartum, regardless of genetic merit for milk production, seems to be an intrinsic trait that represents the variation in trade-off toward tissue mobilization between cows.
Invited review: Ketone biology-The shifting paradigm of ketones and ketosis in the dairy cow; Ketosis is currently regarded as a major metabolic disorder of dairy cows, reflective of the animal's efforts to adapt to energy deficit while transitioning into lactation. Currently viewed as a pathology by some, ketosis is associatively implicated in milk production losses and peripartal health complications that increase the risk of early removal of cows from the herd, thus carrying economic losses for dairy farmers and jeopardizing the sustainability of the dairy industry. Despite decades of intense research in the mitigation of ketosis and its sequelae, our ability to lessen its purported effects remains limited. Moreover, the association of ketosis to reduced milk production and peripartal disease is often erratic and likely mired by concurrent potential confounders. In this review, we discuss the potential reasons for these apparent paradoxes in the light of currently available evidence, with a focus on the limitations of observational research and the necessary steps to unambiguously identify the effects of ketosis on cow health and performance via controlled randomized experimentation. A nuanced perspective is proposed that considers the dissociation of ketosis-as a disease-from healthy hyperketonethe mitigation of metabolic dysfunction and chronic diseases, we consider the hypothetical functions of ketones productivity.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study; Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P=0.070), and soluble TNF-alpha receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P=0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P=0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF-alpha index, defined as the TNF-alpha:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P=0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
Intakes of coffee, tea, milk, soda and juice and renal cell cancer in a pooled analysis of 13 prospective studies; Specific beverage intake may be associated with the risk of renal cell cancer through a diluting effect of carcinogens, alterations of hormone levels, or other changes in the renal tubular environment, but few prospective studies have examined these associations. We evaluated the associations between coffee, tea, milk, soda and fruit and vegetable juice intakes and renal cell cancer risk in a pooled analysis of 13 prospective studies (530,469 women and 244,483 men). Participants completed a validated food-frequency questionnaire at baseline. Using the primary data, the study-specific relative risks (RRs) were calculated and then pooled using a random effects model. A total of 1,478 incident renal cell cancer cases were identified during a follow-up of 7-20 years across studies. Coffee consumption was associated with a modestly lower risk of renal cell cancer (pooled multivariate RR for 3 or more 8 oz (237 ml) cups/day versus less than one 8 oz (237 ml) cup/day = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.67-1.05; p value, test for trend = 0.22). Tea consumption was also inversely associated with renal cell cancer risk (pooled multivariate RR for 1 or more 8 oz (237 ml) cups/day versus nondrinkers = 0.85; 95% CI = 0.71-1.02; p value, test for trend = 0.04). No clear associations were observed for milk, soda or juice. Our findings provide strong evidence that neither coffee nor tea consumption increases renal cell cancer risk. Instead, greater consumption of coffee and tea may be associated with a lower risk of renal cell cancer. (c) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Effect of Supplementation of Herd Diet with Olive Cake on the Composition Profile of Milk and on the Composition, Quality and Sensory Profile of Cheeses Made Therefrom; Simple Summary Replacing conventional feed with waste biomass produced by crop-industrial processes can be a good practice for the sustainability of crop-livestock systems and an interesting solution for their disposal-as long as they maintain the quality of products. Considering the relationship between feeding management and qualitative profile in products of animal origin, the aim of our study was to assess the effect of dietary olive cake supplementation on nutritional quality, fatty acid composition, volatile and sensory profile of milk and the cheese produced by dairy cows. The experiment was carried out on eighty-four healthy dairy Friesian cows, divided into two homogenous groups. Animals were fed with a conventional diet (CTR group) and a conventional diet supplemented with dried olive cake (OC group). Data showed that olive cake utilization in the diet of lactating dairy cows may modify the quality of dairy products. The increased unsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid, vaccenic acid and CLA) and decreased SFA (short- and medium-chain fatty acids) suggest a positive role of olive cake in improving the nutritional and nutraceutical properties of the cheese. Moreover, the olive cake affected not only the volatile profile of the cheese, but also its appearance, smell and taste, which are associated with a higher score of acceptance. Aim of the present study was to assess the effect of dietary dried partially destoned olive cake supplement on nutritional quality and sensory profile of milk and cheese produced by dairy cows. The experiment was carried out on eighty-four healthy dairy Friesian cows divided into two homogenous groups. The control group (CTR) received a conventional diet, whereas the experimental group (OC) received a conventional diet supplemented with olive cake as 15% of DM. The trial lasted five months. Monthly, on individual milk samples, yield and physical-chemical parameters were determined. Milk was used for the artisanal cheese production. On 10 samples of cheese for each group, physical-chemical and fatty acid profile were determined. Electronic nose analysis and sensory evaluation were performed. Data were analyzed by ANOVA. The diet affected (p< 0.05) the milk yield, exclusively in September. Yield and quality of cheese of OC group after 60 d of ripening showed higher (p< 0.05) yield, moisture and fat content, lower (p< 0.05) pH, protein, salt and ash content, higher (p< 0.01) MUFA and PUFA and CLA content, lower (p< 0.05) SFA, higher (p< 0.01) UFA/SFA and hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic ratios, better (p< 0.01) atherogenic and thrombogenic indices. Data show dietary olive cake supplementation in lactating dairy cows improves nutritional and nutraceutical properties of cheese, volatile profile and level of assessors' acceptance.
Increased postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia after 10 weeks' sucrose-rich diet compared to an artificially sweetened diet: a randomised controlled trial; Background: The importance of exchanging sucrose for artificial sweeteners on risk factors for developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases is not yet clear.
Varying roles of glucoregulatory function measures in postprandial cognition following milk consumption; Purpose Past work suggests milk consumption may facilitate cognition in children and college students with higher fasting glucose compared to other beverages (e.g., fruit juice). However, no studies have evaluated this phenomenon in adults, or considered other measures of glucoregulatory function. This open-label study assessed the role of glucoregulatory function in postprandial cognition after milk intake in adults. We hypothesized participants with lower fasting or post-consumption plasma glucose following a glucose excursion challenge (glucose response) would demonstrate better cognition following beverages of higher (juice) versus lower (milk) or no (water) glycemic content. Methods Forty-four nondiabetic, overnight-fasted adults attended three laboratory visits, ingesting 237 mL of 2% fat milk, apple juice, or water at each visit in a randomized, counterbalanced, crossover design. Participants completed cognitive testing (CNS Vital Signs) at baseline and 30, 90, and 150 min post-ingestion; primary outcomes were CNS Vital Signs composite scores. Fasting and post-consumption plasma glucose levels were assessed, with glucose response indexed as the change in plasma glucose from baseline to 30 min after juice (Delta Glucose). Results Mixed modeling revealed participants with higher fasting glucose demonstrated better complex attention after water versus juice at 30 min, but better performance after juice versus water at 150 min (p = 0.02). Participants with a larger Delta Glucose demonstrated better processing speed (p = 0.01) 30 min after milk versus water; this effect also reversed at 150 min. Conclusion Different methods of measuring glucoregulatory function reveal its differing roles in postprandial cognition. Time since ingestion may also determine which beverages best optimize cognition.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 in fermented milk on abdominal adiposity in adults in a randomised controlled trial; Consumption of fermented milk (FM) containing a probiotic, Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055), previously showed a reduction in abdominal adiposity in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) using FM with 10 8 colony- forming units (cfu) of LG2055/ g. However, whether the effectiveness is observed at lower concentrations, the recommended minimum or intermediate levels of probiotics (10 6 or 10 7 cfu/ g, respectively), remains to be examined. A multi- centre, double- blind, parallel- group RCT was conducted using 210 healthy Japanese adults with large visceral fat areas (80.2- 187.8 cm 2). They were balanced for their baseline characteristics and randomly assigned to three groups receiving FM containing 10 7, 10 6 or 0 (control) cfu LG2055/ g of FM, and were asked to consume 200 g FM/ d for 12 weeks. Abdominal visceral fat areas, which were determined by computed tomography, at week 12, changed from baseline by an average of 28.5% (95% CI 211.9, 25.1; P, 0.01) in the 10 7 dose group, and by 28.2% (95% CI 210.8, 25.7; P, 0.01) in the 10 6 dose group. Other measures including BMI, waist and hip circumferences, and body fat mass were also significantly decreased from baseline at week 12 in both groups; interestingly, the cessation of taking FM for 4 weeks attenuated these effects. In the control group, none of these parameters significantly decreased from baseline. These findings demonstrate that consumption of LG2055 at doses as low as the order of 10 8 cfu/ d exhibited a significant lowering effect on abdominal adiposity, and suggest that constant consumption might be needed to maintain the effect.
Effects of Dairy Products on Intracellular Calcium and Blood Pressure in Adults with Essential Hypertension; Background: Consumption of dairy foods has been associated with lower blood pressure in certain populations.
Increasing palmitic acid intake enhances milk production and prevents glucose-stimulated fatty acid disappearance without modifying systemic glucose tolerance in mid-lactation dairy cows; Feeding saturated fatty acids may enhance milk yield in part by decreasing insulin sensitivity and shifting glucose utilization toward the mammary gland. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of palmitic acid (C16:0) on milk production and insulin sensitivity in cows. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows received a common sorghum silage-based diet and were randomly assigned to a diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration DM (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield by wk 7. Furthermore, PALM increased milk fat yield and energy-corrected milk at wk 3 and 7. Changes in milk production occurred in parallel with enhanced energy intake. Increased milk fat yield during PALM treatment was due to increased C16:0 and C16:1 incorporation; PALM had no effect on concentration of milk components, BW, or body condition score. Two weeks posttreatment, energy-corrected milk and milk fat yield remained elevated in PALM-fed cows whereas yields of milk were similar between treatments. Increased milk fat yield after PALM treatment was due to increased de novo lipogenesis and uptake of preformed fatty acids. The basal concentration of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma increased by d 4, 6, and 8 of PALM treatment, a response not observed thereafter. Although PALM supplementation did not modify in-sulin, glucose, or triacylglycerol levels in plasma, total cholesterol in plasma was elevated by wk 3. Estimated insulin sensitivity was lower during the first week of PALM treatment; however, glucose disposal following glucose tolerance tests was not modified. In contrast, C16:0 feeding reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance by wk 7. Results demonstrate that increasing dietary energy from C16:0 for 7 wk improves milk yield and milk composition without modifying systemic glucose tolerance. Reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance with C16:0 feeding and elevated circulating NEFA may reflect changes in adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.
Efficacy of the Synbiotic Supplementation on the Metabolic Factors in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized, Triple-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background. Metabolic syndrome is overwhelmingly increasing and is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disorder, so effective treatment strategies are considered high priority. This study aimed to determine the effects of synbiotic supplementation on metabolic factors in patients with metabolic syndrome. Methods. In this triple-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial, 108 participants were divided into two groups to receive synbiotic supplementation or placebo for 12 weeks. All participants were also educated about maintaining a healthy lifestyle and consuming low-calorie nutritious meals, along with dietary intake and physical activity monitoring. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, glycemic indices, lipid profile, hepatic enzymes, and hs-CRP were evaluated at the baseline and end of the trial. Results. Synbiotic supplementation significantly reduces fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels in the intervention group versus placebo group [-14.69 +/- 15.11 mg/dl vs. -8.23 +/- 7.90 mg/dl; p=0.007], but there was no difference between groups in other metabolic factors. Conclusions. These findings suggest that synbiotic supplementation while following a healthy lifestyle and nutrition improved FBG in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Milk fermented with probiotic strains Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5957 and Lactobacillus rhamnosus MTCC: 5897 ameliorates the diet-induced hypercholesterolemia in rats; The current study was intended to investigate the cholesterol-lowering potential of the two Lactobacillus rhamnosus probiotic strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, isolated from dahi'. Cholesterol-lowering ability of both strains was determined in in vitro conditions. For in vivo investigations, the Wistar rats were randomly assigned into five groups and treated with different diets: standard diet (SD), high-cholesterol diet (HCD), HCD with Milk, HCD with LR 5957-fermented milk, and HCD with LR 5897-fermented milk. After 3months of feeding, different parameters of hypercholesterolemia were measured in blood, feces, liver, and kidney. Both the strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, showed the ability to grow in the presence of cholesterol and eliminate the cholesterol under in vitro conditions. In vivo results indicate that consumption of probiotic-fermented milk has significantly reduced the HCD-induced body weight, hyperlipidemia, and hepatic lipids (total cholesterol and triacylglycerol). Further, increased cholesterol excretion in feces was also observed in probiotic-fed groups. The studied fermented milk also helped to maintain healthy liver and kidney by increasing the antioxidant activities and decreasing the lipid peroxidation. Consumption of probiotic-fermented milk also found to decrease the mRNA expression of the inflammatory markers TNF- and IL-6 in the liver. Overall, our results indicate that the L. rhamnosus strains, LR 5957 and LR 5897, are two potential probiotic strains that can ameliorate the diet-induced hypercholesterolemia.
The Effects of Medium-Chain Triglyceride Oil and Butter on Lipid Profiles; Background and objective Butter coffee drinks, mainly a form of a saturated fat diet, are widely accepted as a "healthy energy -boosting drink", especially in the young and healthy military population. The objective of our study was to determine the effects of medium -chain triglyceride (MCT) oil and butter on lipid profile, especially apolipoprotein B (ApoB), low -density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (LDL-C), high -density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (HDL-C), and other risk factors for coronary heart disease, such as BMI, BP, fasting blood glucose, HbA1c, and high -sensitivity C -reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels in healthy adults. Materials and methods We conducted a prospective study of 60 subjects who were randomized to one of the two following regimens: (1) coffee or (2) coffee with butter plus MCT oil combination. The primary outcome was the effect on ApoB. Secondary outcomes were as follows: non-HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides, BP, waist circumference, fasting blood glucose, and HbA1c. These parameters were evaluated at the baseline and after 12 weeks. The MannWhitney U test was utilized for analysis of the results. Results While 60 subjects were recruited for the study, only 41 completed it, meeting the minimum required sample size (17 per group) necessary to achieve the desired effect size: 21 males (nine in the control group and 12 in the experimental group) and 20 females (10 in each group). Anthropometric measures were similar between the two groups at baseline, and so were age and BMI (average age: 33.00 +/- 5.84 years among controls and 30.86 +/- 6.14 years in the experimental group; BMI: 27.35 +/- 4.63 kg/m 2 vs. 25.74 +/- 2.70 kg/m 2 ). The pulse rate was 69.35 +/- 10.98 in the control vs. 70.68 +/- 10.32 bpm in the experimental group. The waist size was also similar in both groups. Baseline lab findings were as follows: ApoB: 89.85 +/- 17.52 (control), 81.60 +/- 12.84 mg/dL (experimental); hs-CRP: 0.18 +/- 0.27 (control), 0.17 +/- 0.27 mg/L (experimental); LDL-C 113.65 +/- 23.71 (control), 106.50 +/- 18.99 mg/dL (experimental); HDL-C 57.35 +/- 14.63 (control), 62.41 +/- 16.15 mg/dL (experimental); and triglycerides: 76.00 +/- 31.30 (control), 56.77 +/- 14.77 mg/dL (experimental), and these values were similar. The values after 12 weeks of intervention were as follows: BMI: 27.37 +/- 5.24 (control), 26.36 +/- 3.55 (experimental); pulse rate: 78.88 +/- 14.00 (control), 74.20 +/- 11.90 bpm (experimental); ApoB 87.1 +/- 17.38 (control), 85.7 +/- 20.59 mg/dL (experimental); hs-CRP 0.26 +/- 0.22 (control), 0.15 +/- 0.14 mg/L (experimental); LDL-C 111.59 +/- 20.35 (control), 114.10 +/- 26.99 mg/dL (experimental); HDL-C 57.71 +/- 12.93 (control), 64.85 +/- 13.32 mg/dL (experimental); and triglycerides: 74.71 +/- 25.39 (control), 60.80 +/- 15.77 mg/dL (experimental). Conclusion At a significance level of 5%, there was no difference between the two groups, either at the baseline or at 12 weeks of intervention. Based on our findings, adding MCT oil and butter to coffee may be safe. However, further studies with larger sample sizes and longer duration are needed to validate our findings.
The effects of supplementation with sunflower and soybean oils on the fatty acid profile of milk fat from grazing dairy cows; The objective of this study was to observe the effect of supplementation with vegetable oils (VO) on the fatty acid profiles and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content of milk fat. Twelve dairy cows in mid lactation fed on pasture were blocked by body weight, milk production and days in lactation and randomly allocated from blocks to 3 treatments repeated in a Latin square design with periods of 28 day duration. The treatments were as follows: cows on pasture supplemented with 5 kg concentrate per head per day ( C), supplemented with 4.5 kg concentrate + 0.5 kg sunflower oil per head per day (SFO) and supplemented with 4.5 kg concentrate + 0.5 kg soybean oil per head per day ( SBO). The animals were grazed as a group and were stocked at 2.5 heads per hectare. The treatments had no effect on milk yield or protein yield and content, but decreased milk fat yield and content ( P < 0.05). Milk fat from the cows supplemented with VO had a lower concentration of short and medium chain fatty acids ( P < 0.05) and a higher concentration of long chain fatty acids ( P < 0.05). The addition of VO to the diet also resulted in a reduction in saturated and an increase in unsaturated fatty acids of milk fat ( P < 0.05). The hypercholesterolemic fatty acids in milk fat ( i. e. C12: 0, C14: 0 and C16: 0) decreased while the concentration of oleic and linoleic acids increased with VO ( P < 0.05). There was no effect on linolenic acid. Finally, the inclusion of VO in the diet increased ( P < 0.05) the contents in milk fat of the various cis/ trans isomers of oleic acid ( including trans- vacenic, TVA) and of CLA which increased by 61%.
Effect of free plant sterols in low-fat milk on serum lipid profile in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Objective: To determine the effect of nonesterified, nonhydrogenated plant sterols solubilized in a partly vegetable oil-filled low-fat milk on serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) in mildly hypercholesterolemic patients.
Effect of camel milk on lipid profile among patients with diabetes: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials; The effects of camel milk (CM) intake on lipid profile among patients with diabetes remain controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to calculate the effect size of CM intake on blood lipids among patients with type 1 (T1D) and type 2 (T2D) diabetes. We searched nine databases from inception until December 31, 2022, to identify relevant RCTs. Effect sizes for total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) were calculated and expressed using mean differences (MD) and confidence intervals (CI). Of 4,054 retrieved articles, 10 RCTs (a total of 347 participants aged 8-70 years, 60.5% male) were eligible for inclusion. The pooled results from a random-effects model showed statistically significant decreases in TC (MD - 21.69, 95% CI: 41.05, - 2.33; p = 0.03; I-2=99%), TG (MD - 19.79, 95% CI: -36.16, - 3.42; p=0.02, I-2=99%), and LDL (MD -11.92, CI: -20.57, -3.26; p = 0.007, I-2=88%), and a significant increase in HDL (MD 10.37, 95% CI, 1.90, 18.84; p=0.02, I-2=95%) in patients with diabetes supplemented with CM compared with usual care alone. Subgroup analysis revealed that only long-term interventions (> 6 months) elicited a significant reduction in TC levels and TG levels. Consumption of fresh CM by patients with diabetes resulted in significant reductions in TC, TG, and LDL levels, while showing a significant increase in HDL levels. Patients with T1D elicited a more beneficial effect in lowering TC, LDL, and TG levels and in increasing HDL levels than their corresponding partners with T2D. In conclusion, long-term consumption of CM for patients with diabetes, especially those with T1D, could be a useful adjuvant therapy to improve lipid profile alongside prescribed medications. However, the high heterogeneity in the included studies suggests that more RCTs with larger sample sizes and longer intervention durations are required to improve the robustness of the available evidence.
Dairy food consumption is associated with a lower risk of the metabolic syndrome and its components: a systematic review and meta-analysis; A systematic review and a meta-analysis of observational studies were performed to assess the dose-response relationship between specific types of dairy foods and the risk of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. Studies of dairy foods and the risk of the MetS and its components published up to June 2016 were searched using PubMed, EMBASE and a reference search. Random-effects models were used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RR) with 95 % CI. Finally, ten cross-sectional studies, two nested case-control studies and twenty-nine cohort studies were included for the analysis. In a dose-response analysis of cohort studies and cross-sectional studies, the pooled RR of the MetS for a one-serving/d increment of total dairy food (nine studies) and milk (six studies) consumption (200 g/d) were 091 (95 % CI 085, 096) and 087 (95 % CI 079, 095), respectively. The pooled RR of the MetS for yogurt (three studies) consumption (100 g/d) was 082 (95 % CI 073, 091). Total dairy food consumption was associated with lower risk of MetS components, such as hyperglycaemia, elevated blood pressure, hypertriacylglycerolaemia and low HDL- cholesterol. A one-serving/d increment of milk was related to a 12 % lower risk of abdominal obesity, and a one-serving/d increment of yogurt was associated with a 16 % lower risk of hyperglycaemia. These associations were not significantly different by study design, study location or adjustment factors. This meta-analysis showed that specific types of dairy food consumption such as milk and yogurt as well as total dairy food consumption were inversely related to risk of the MetS and its components.
Dairy foods, dietary calcium and obesity: A short review of the evidence; The possible association between dairy products consumption and body weight regulation has been the subject of several recent publications. The interest in this issue arose after biologically plausible mechanisms for this association were identified: most of these suggested a key role for calcium intake from dairy products, although calcium-independent mechanisms have also been proposed. Data from cross-sectional epidemiological studies support the hypothesis that a dairy food-rich diet is associated with lower fat accumulation in adults and children; however, prospective studies and randomised controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Different reasons could explain these findings that regard the evaluation of either the "exposure" (i.e. the methodological problems in the assessment of dietary intake of nutrients over a tong time) and the "outcome" (i.e. multiple factors involved in the regulation of body weight). Moreover, it could also be hypothesised that high consumption of dairy foods would be a marker of healthier lifestyles, or that nutritional differences exist within dairy products. Available data do not unequivocally support the hypothesis that a causal relationship exists between high dairy food intake -and/or high dietary calcium intake- and tower fat mass deposition. However, research in this field should aim to define the health impact of dairy foods even beyond obesity. (C) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Treatment with a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug after calving did not improve milk production, health, or reproduction parameters in pasture-grazed dairy cows; Previous research results have indicated an increase in pregnancy rate in pasture-grazed cows treated with a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) 3 to 4 wk postcalving, when a high proportion of nucleated cells from within the uterus were polymorphonucleated; however, no effect on milk production was detected. It was hypothesized that this lack of effect on milk production was because the administration of the NSAID was too late after calving. The aims of the current study were to evaluate the timing of administering a propionic acid-derived NSAID (i.e., carprofen) on milk production, metabolic status, uterine health, and reproductive performance. Six-hundred and thirty-nine cows (134 primiparous and 505 multiparous) calving between July 4 and September 5, 2012, in 2 herds (herd 1: n = 228; herd 2: n = 411) were enrolled. Using a randomized block design, cows were allocated to 1 of 3 treatment groups as they calved: (1) no treatment (control; n = 221), (2) NSAID administered on d 1, 3, and 5 postcalving (early; n = 214), and (3) NSAID administered on d 19, 21, and 23 postcalving (late; n =- 204). Milk production and composition, and body condition were determined weekly. Blood was sampled at 4 time points (1 precalving and 3 postcalving) to determine the effects of treatment on indicators of metabolic health and energy status. Uterine health was determined by measuring the proportion of nucleated cells that were polymorphonucleated following cytobrush sampling of the uterus between d 13 to 24 and d 30 to 49 postcalving. Irrespective of timing of application, NSAID did not affect milk production, body weight, or body condition during early lactation. Treatment with an NSAID 19 to 23 d postcalving increased the proportion of cows submitted for breeding during the first 3 wk of the seasonal breeding program (control: 85%, early: 83%, and late: 92%), but did not affect conception or pregnancy rates. No detectable effect of treatment on uterine health or circulating metabolites and minerals existed, although cows in the early NSAID treatment group had marginally lower serum 0-hydroxybutyrate concentrations (0.1 mmol/L) than the other groups between 2 and 26 d in milk. In conclusion, administration of this particular NSAID at either 1 or 3 wk after calving did not improve milk production, indicators of health, or reproductive performance.
Postprandial blood cell transcriptomics in response to the ingestion of dairy products by healthy individuals; The aim of this intervention study was to measure genome-wide postprandial gene expression in human blood cells after the ingestion of a single serving of milk, to identify the downstream physiological processes regulated by the differentially expressed genes, and to use this gene expression signature as a reference to compare it with the response following the ingestion of a transformed dairy product, namely, yogurt. We conducted a randomized, controlled, single-blinded, crossover study on six healthy male individuals. After an overnight fast, 540 g of milk or yogurt was ingested by the subjects. Blood samples were collected before (0 h) and after (2 h/4 h/6 h) ingestion, and the blood cell transcriptome was analyzed using a linear kinetic analysis that increases the statistical power of the study. The differentially expressed transcripts identified after the ingestion of milk (575 transcripts) and yogurt (625 transcripts) modulated similar biological processes. In particular, genes involved in protein biosynthesis and mitochondrial activities followed biphasic kinetics being down-regulated at 2 h and more pronouncedly up-regulated at 6 h. The opposite kinetics were observed for inflammatory and apoptotic processes during the same time frame. The human blood cell transcriptome appeared to be specifically modulated by specific nutrients present in bovine milk, a property that was further modified when milk was fermented to yogurt. The coordinated changes in postprandial expression of genes involved in basic biological processes suggest that postprandial blood cell transcriptomics may allow insight into the nutritional effects of selected foods in the prevention or development of chronic metabolic and inflammatory disorders. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of commercial non-dairy tea whitener consumption in comparison to milk on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes in animal model; The pandemic of obesity and other diet-related non-communicable diseases are serious threats to the wellbeing and financial prosperity around the globe. It has been documented that the consumption of processed foods with high levels of refined sugars and fats are the main cause contributing to this phenomenon. The present work was therefore conducted to assess the effects of the consumption of non-dairy tea whiteners (NDTW's) on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes of rats for a period of three months. To this end, 30 albino Wister rats (7 weeks old, 130 +/- 5 g) was divided into five groups namely control (G1), fed with whole milk (G2), and groups fed with defined dose of commercial NDTW's (G3, G4, and G5). All rats were provided feed and water ad libitum during the experimental period. At trial completion, the rats were decapitated, and samples (blood, liver) were collected and subjected to blood chemistry (lipid profile) and liver histopathological analyses. Results indicated that as compared to milk, powder NDTW consumption increased the level of cholesterol (69%), triglycerides (98%), and LDL (84%), whereas HDL was non-significantly affected. On the other hand, liquid NDTW consumption led to the increase in triglyceride levels for all NDTW, and yielded 130% increase as compared to milk, which might have been attributed to composition of NDTW. Additionally, liver and renal functional tests yielded non-significant results. The present work concluded that the consumption of NDTW contributed towards derangement and elevation in lipid profile parameters as compared to milk, particularly if consumed for longer period of time.
Fermented foods and inflammation: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: The effect of fermented foods consumption on inflammation has been investigated in several studies, but findings are inconsistent. Therefore we conducted a meta-analysis to examine the effect of fermented foods on inflammatory biomarkers including C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha in the general adult population.
Dairy products and plasma cholesterol levels; Cholesterol synthesized in the body or ingested is an essential lipid component for human survival from our earliest life. Newborns ingest about 3-4 times the amount per body weight through mother's milk compared to the dietary intake of adults. A birth level of 1.7 mmol/L plasma total cholesterol will increase to 4-4.5 mmol/L during the nursing period and continue to increase from adulthood around 40% throughout life. Coronary artery disease and other metabolic disorders are strongly associated with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol as well as triacylglycerol concentration. Milk fat contains a broad range of fatty acids and some have a negative impact on the cholesterol rich lipoproteins. The saturated fatty acids (SFAs), such as palmitic acid (C16:0), myristic acid (C14:0), and lauric acid (C12:0), increase total plasma cholesterol, especially LDL, and constitute 11.3 g/L of bovine milk, which is 44.8% of total fatty acid in milk fat. Replacement of dairy SFA and trans-fatty acids with polyunsaturated fatty acids decreases plasma cholesterol, especially LDL cholesterol, and is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Available data shows different effects on lipoproteins for different dairy products and there is uncertainty as to the impact a reasonable intake amount of dairy items has on cardiovascular risk. The aim of this review is to elucidate the effect of milk components and dairy products on total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, and the LDL/HDL quotients. Based on eight recent randomized controlled trials of parallel or cross-over design and recent reviews it can be concluded that replacement of saturated fat mainly (but not exclusively) derived from high-fat dairy products with low-fat dairy products lowers LDL/HDL cholesterol and total/HDL cholesterol ratios. Whey, dairy fractions enriched in polar lipids, and techniques such as fermentation, or fortification of cows feeding can be used to produce dairy products with more beneficial effects on plasma lipid profile.
Effect of fat-reformulated dairy food consumption on postprandial flow-mediated dilatation and cardiometabolic risk biomarkers compared with conventional dairy: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Longer-term consumption of SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy products has been reported to improve fasting flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). Yet, their impact on endothelial function in the postprandial state warrants investigation.
Soy milk powder supplemented with phytosterol esters reduced serum cholesterol level in hypercholesterolemia independently of lipoprotein E genotype: a random clinical placebo-controlled trial; Phytosterols (PSs) are reported to lower the serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations enriched in some fatty foods, such as margarine. However, these high-fat foods are not very suitable for older people. Soy milk is the favorite food for elderly people in China; therefore, we hypothesized that the consumption of soy milk powder supplemented with PSs would decrease the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese people independent of the genotypes of apolipoprotein E (ApoE). Mild to moderate hyperlipidemic patients (n = 170) were recruited from different communities and treated with placebo soy milk powder or 3.4 g PS esters enriched soy milk powder (2.0 g/d free PS in 30 g soy milk powder). The fasting serum lipid profiles at the baseline and after 3 and 6 months of intervention were measured. The ApoE genotype was also determined. After 3 months of PS intervention, the serum lipid profile was not changed significantly in either group. The serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and non high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels decreased by 9.3%, 11.4%, and 12.6%, respectively, in the PS group at the end of the intervention (6 months) compared with the control group, whereas the serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels were not affected significantly. In the PS group, both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers had a similar response to PS consumption. These findings suggested that PS-fortified soy milk powder was effective in lowering the serum cholesterol levels in older Chinese volunteers with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia in both the ApoE3 and ApoE4 carriers. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Low-Fat Milk Ingestion Prevents Postprandial Hyperglycemia-Mediated Impairments in Vascular Endothelial Function in Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Greater intakes of low-fat dairy foods are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to examine whether acute low-fat milk ingestion would limit postprandial impairments in vascular endothelial function by limiting oxidative stress responses that decrease. nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. A randomized, double-blind, crossover study was conducted in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) who ingested low-fat milk (475 mL) or an isocaloric volume of rice milk after an overnight fast. Brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), plasma glucose, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG), and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) were assessed at 30-min intervals during the 3-h postprandial period. Participants' (n = 19) postprandial FMD responses were unaffected by low-fat milk but transiently decreased (P < 0.01) from 6.2 +/- 0.8% (mean +/- SEM) at baseline to 3.3 +/- 0.7% at 30 min and 3.9 +/- 0.6% at 60 min following rice milk consumption. Glucose and MDA increased to a greater extent in the rice milk trial (P<0.001). The MDA area under the 3 h postprandial curve (AUC(0-3) (h)) was correlated with glucose AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.75; P < 0.01) and inversely related to FM D AUC(0-3) (h) (r=-0.59; P<0.01). ARG decreased following rice milk and increased with low-fat milk, whereas only rice milk increased ADMA:ARG. The ADMA:ARG AUC(0-3) (h) was correlated with MDA AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.55) and was inversely related to FMD AUC(0-3) (h) (r = -0.52) (P < 0.05). These findings suggest that low-fat milk maintains vascular endothelial function in individuals with MetS by limiting postprandial hyperglycemia that otherwise increases lipid peroxidation and reduces NO bioavailability. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01411293.
Long-term elevation of β-hydroxybutyrate in dairy cows through infusion: Effects on feed intake, milk production, and metabolism; Elevation of ketone bodies in dairy cows frequently occurs in early lactation, usually concomitantly with a lack of energy and glucose. The objective of this study was to induce an elevated plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) concentration over 48 h in mid-lactating dairy cows (i.e., during a period of positive energy balance and normal glucose plasma concentrations). Effects of BHBA infusion on feed intake, metabolism, and performance were investigated. Thirteen cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 infusion groups, including an intravenous infusion with Na-DL-beta-OH-butyrate (1.7 mol/L) to achieve a plasma concentration of 1.5 to 2.0 mmol/L of BHBA (HyperB; n = 5), or an infusion of 0.9% saline solution (control; n = 8). Blood was sampled before and hourly during the 48 h of infusion. In the liver, mRNA transcripts related to gluconeogenesis (pyruvate carboxylase, glucose 6-phosphatase, mitochondrial phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase), phosphofructokinase, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex, and fatty acid synthesis (acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase, fatty acid synthase) were measured by real-time PCR. Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and ubiquitin were used as housekeeping genes. Changes (difference between before and after 48-h infusion) during the infusion period were evaluated by ANOVA with treatment as fixed effect, and area under the curve of variables was calculated on the second day of experiment. The plasma BHBA concentration in HyperB cows was 1.74 +/- 0.02 mmol/L (mean +/- SE) compared with 0.59 +/- 0.02 mmol/L for control cows. The change in feed intake, milk yield, and energy corrected milk did not differ between the 2 experimental groups. Infusion of BHBA reduced the plasma glucose concentration (3.47 +/- 0.11 mmol/L) in HyperB compared with control cows (4.11 +/- 0.08 mmol/L). Plasma glucagon concentration in HyperB was lower than the control group. All other variables measured in plasma were not affected by treatment. In the liver, changes in mRNA abundance for the selected genes were similar between 2 groups. Results demonstrate that intravenous infusion of BHBA decreased plasma glucose concentration in dairy cows, but this decrease could not be explained by alterations in insulin concentrations or key enzymes related to gluconeogenesis. Declined glucose concentration is likely functionally related to decreased plasma glucagon concentration.
<i>Short communication</i>: Relationship between body condition score and plasma adipokines in early-lactating Holstein dairy cows; We hypothesized that plasma adipokine concentrations of early-lactation dairy cows are related to body condition score (BCS) at calving and to markers of metabolic status of the cow. As part of a larger study with 117 multiparous Holstein dairy cows, which had high BCS (BCS >4.0) or normal BCS (3.25-3.5) at calving, 22 cows were randomly selected (n = 11 per group) to be enrolled in this study. Cows were divided into 2 groups based on their BCS at calving: (1) normal BCS with BCS of 3.35 +/- 0.13 (mean +/- SD) and (2) high BCS cows with BCS of 4.14 +/- 0.17. The 22 selected animals did not have a clinically diagnosed health problem after calving. Blood samples were taken right after calving (d 1) and before morning feeding on d 8, 15, and 21 postpartum concurrently with body condition scoring for all cows. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma adiponectin, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and IL-6. The mean BCS remained highest in high-BCS cows during the first 21 d in milk. Leptin concentrations decreased progressively for all cows after calving. However, differences in BCS at calving were not related to leptin concentrations. Adiponectin, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were neither influenced by days in milk nor BCS after calving. Leptin and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio did not show any correlation at any time point during the first 21 d in milk with plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids or beta-hydroxybutyrate, which are considered as markers of metabolic status. Only for IL-6 at d 8 did we find a strong correlation with metabolic status indicators. In conclusion, plasma adipokine concentrations during the first 3 wk postpartum were not related to BCS in lactating Holstein cows that were clinically healthy at calving.
Effect of Sugar versus Mixed Breakfast on Metabolic and Neurofunctional Responses in Healthy Individuals; We investigated the effects of glucose and diverse breakfasts on glucose increment and ghrelin suppression and cognitive processing of sensory information assessed by frontal P300 evoked potentials. In a randomized crossover design, 12 healthy individuals (6M/6F; BMI 22.2 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2); 27 +/- 1.3 years, mean +/- SEM) underwent 50 g OGTT (A) and 3 breakfasts (B1: milk and cereals; B2: milk, apple, and chocolate cream-filled sponge cake; B3: milk, apple, bread, and hazelnut chocolate cream) to assess plasma glucose-, insulin-, and ghrelin excursions. An electroencephalography was performed before and 100 min after consumption of each load to measure the latency of frontal P300 evoked potentials as index of cognitive performance. Breakfasts B1 and B2 exhibited significantly lower glycemic and insulinemic responses as compared to A. Breakfast B3 exhibited significantly lower glycemic, but not insulinemic response, as compared to A. Final plasma ghrelin inhibition was more pronounced, albeit not significantly, in all breakfasts with respect to A. P300 latency tended to decrease following each of the three breakfasts, but B3 was the only breakfast capable to elicit a statistically significant reduction in P300 latency with respect to A (p < 0.01), suggesting ameliorated cognitive performance. Such amelioration was correlated with the 2-hour final inhibition of plasma ghrelin concentration (r = 0.61, p = 0.01).
Milk Intake and Its Association with Metabolic Syndrome in Korean: Analysis of the Third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III); Although previous studies have shown that milk intake has some protective effects on metabolic syndrome (MS), there are few data on the relation between MS and milk consumption in Korean. To evaluate the association between milk intake frequency and MS, 4,890 subjects (2,052 men and 2,838 women) were included in the analysis, based on the national data from representative random sample of the third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III) in 2005. We conducted both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis with adjustment for confounding factors associated with MS. Mean (+/- SD) age of subjects was 47.1 +/- 15.5 yr. In univariate analysis, the risk of MS was inversely associated with the frequency of milk intake, but this relation was attenuated in multivariate regression. In the individuals with BMI >= 23 kg/m(2), those with highest quartile of milk consumption (once daily or more) had significantly lower risk of MS (OR [95% CI] 0.72 [0.57-0.92] compared with lowest quartile [those rarely consumed]) after adjustment, but not among leaner individuals (BMI <23 kg/m(2)). Korean overweight adults who drink milk more frequently may be protected against MS. But it seems that this relation is somewhat different among MS components.
Reductions in whole-body fat mass but not increases in lean mass predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training among weight-stable adults; We assessed whether body composition changes with 9 months of exercise training predicted changes in cardiometabolic health indices in weight-stable adults. We hypothesized that within 5% weight change, changes in whole-body fat and lean masses would predict changes in cardiometabolic health indices with exercise training. Using a randomized parallel design, 152 adults (age: 49 +/- 8 year; body mass index: 30.0 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2); mean +/- SD) performed resistance exercises 2 d/wk and aerobic exercises 1 d/wk for 9 months. Participants consumed isoenergetic supplements with 0, 10, 20, or 30 g whey protein twice daily and remained weight stable within 5% of baseline weight. Body weight and composition were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry pre- and postintervention. Multiple linear regression model was applied for data analyses. Independent of whey protein supplementation, reductions in fat mass predicted increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (unstandardized beta-coefficient [beta], -0.03; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.06 to -0.01; P =.007) and insulin sensitivity index (beta, -0.52; 95% CI, -0.95 to -0.09; P =.018) and decreases in waist circumference (beta, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.17-1.18; P =.009). In contrast, increases in lean mass did not predict changes in any of the measured cardiometabolic health indices. Health improvements with training that emphasize resistance exercises are typically attributed to increases in lean mass; however, these results underscore reducing body fat to predict cardiometabolic health improvements. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects of dietary milk- and soya-phospholipids on lipid-parameters and other risk indicators for cardiovascular diseases in overweight or obese men - two double-blind, randomised, controlled, clinical trials; The present study examined the effect of milk phospholipids (milk-PL) on lipid metabolism and on other risk factors for CVD, in comparison with milk fat (control) or soya phospholipids (soya-PL), respectively. Two double-blind parallel-group intervention trials were conducted in overweight or obese male subjects. In the first trial (trial 1), sixty-two men consumed milk enriched with either 2 g milk-PL or 2 g milk fat (control) for 8 weeks. In trial 2, fifty-seven men consumed milk enriched with either 3 g milk-PL or 2.8 g soya-PL for 7 weeks. In trial 1, milk-PL as compared with control reduced waist circumference but did not affect plasma lipids (total, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol: HDL-cholesterol ratio, TAG, phospholipids), apoB, apoA1, glucose, insulin, insulin sensitivity index, C-reactive protein, IL-6, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule and total homocysteine (tHcy). Serum activities of alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase were not changed. Activity of.-glutamyl transferase (GGT), a marker of fatty liver, increased in the control but not in the milk-PL group, with a significant intervention effect. In trial 2, milk-PL as compared with soya-PL did not affect the above-mentioned parameters, but decreased GGT. Subjects with the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase mutations CT and TT had 11 % (P < 0.05) higher baseline tHcy concentrations than those with the wild-type CC. However, genotype did not modulate the phospholipid intervention effect on tHcy. In conclusion, supplementation with milk-PL as compared with control fat reduced waist circumference and, as compared with both control fat and soya-PL, GGT activity.
The Role of Dairy Foods and Dietary Calcium in Weight Management; Overweight and obesity are the foremost public health problems in the U.S., other industrialized countries, and is rapidly increasing in developing countries. Obesity is a multifaceted disease which requires multiple approaches to successfully combat its increase. Nutritional factors play a key role and include modification of energy balance, intake and expenditure, as well as other factors. Emerging scientific evidence over the past decade suggests that dairy foods may be beneficial when included in a moderate energy restricted diet and possibly for weight maintenance as well. This paper provides a review of some of the scientific evidence that has examined the effect of dairy foods and dietary calcium on weight management. Topic areas presented are observational or retrospective studies with adults as well as children and adolescents; randomized clinical trials on body weight and composition, energy expenditure, substrate oxidation and fecal fat loss; research from animal and in vitro studies provide possible mechanisms of action.
Functional foods and dietary supplements for the management of dyslipidaemia; Dyslipidaemia is characterized by increased blood levels of total or LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, or decreased HDL cholesterol levels, and is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dyslipidaemia has a high worldwide prevalence, and many patients are turning to alternatives to pharmacotherapy to manage their lipid levels. Lifestyle modification should be emphasized in all patients to reduce cardiovascular risk and can be initiated before pharmacotherapy in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Many functional foods and natural health products have been investigated for potential lipid-lowering properties. Those with good evidence for a biochemical effect on plasma lipid levels include soy protein, green tea, plant sterols, probiotic yogurt, marine-derived omega-3 fatty acids and red yeast rice. Other products such as seaweed, berberine, hawthorn and garlic might confer some limited benefit in certain patient groups. Although none of these products can reduce lipid levels to the same extent as statins, most are safe to use in addition to other lifestyle modifications and pharmacotherapy. Natural health products marketed at individuals with dyslipidaemia, such as policosanol, guggulsterone and resveratrol, have minimal definitive evidence of a biochemical benefit. Additional research is required in this field, which should include large, high-quality randomized controlled trials with long follow-up periods to investigate associations with cardiovascular end points.
The Lipid-Lowering Effects of 4 Weeks of Daily Soymilk or Dairy Milk Ingestion in a Postmenopausal Female Population; Alterations in plasma cholesterol concentrations, especially increases in low-density lipoprotein (LDL), are well-known risk factors in the development of atherosclerosis. Numerous studies have examined the lipid-lowering effects of functional soy-containing foods, but few have specifically examined soymilk, with equivocal findings reported. In September 2008, a single-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 32 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, TX, USA. After a 2-week run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to consume three servings of vanilla soy (n = 16) or reduced-fat dairy (n = 16) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma lipid profiles were obtained pre-and post-supplementation. Plasma high-density lipoprotein, LDL, and triglycerides were not significantly different between groups post-intervention (P = .45) or from baseline (P = .83). Separate analysis of plasma total cholesterol levels yielded similar results (P = .19 and P = .92, respectively). Furthermore, subanalyses controlling for dyslipidemia (n = 23) and lipid-lowering medication usage (n = 28) did not significantly alter results. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant hypocholesterolemic effect of soymilk consumption in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented.
Progression of Postprandial Blood Plasma Phospholipids Following Acute Intake of Different Dairy Matrices: A Randomized Crossover Trial; Studies have indicated that the dairy matrix can affect postprandial responses of dairy products, but little is known about the effect on postprandial plasma phospholipid levels. This study investigated postprandial plasma phospholipid levels following consumption of four different dairy products that are similar in micro and macro nutrients, but different in texture and structure: cheddar cheese (Cheese), homogenized cheddar cheese (Hom. Cheese), micellar casein isolate with cream (MCI Drink) or a gel made from the MCI Drink (MCI Gel). The study was an acute randomized, crossover trial in human volunteers with four test days. Blood samples were collected during an 8 h postprandial period and the content of 53 plasma phospholipids was analysed using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). No meal-time interactions were revealed; however, for nine of the 53 phospholipids, a meal effect was found. Thus, the results indicated a lower plasma level of specific lyso-phosphatidylethanolamines (LPEs) and lyso-phosphatidylcholines (LPCs) following consumption of the MCI Gel compared to the MCI Drink and Hom. Cheese, which might be attributed to an effect of viscosity. However, further studies are needed in order to reveal more details on the effect of the dairy matrix on postprandial phospholipids.
Effects of whole flaxseed, raw soybeans, and calcium salts of fatty acids on measures of cellular immune function of transition dairy cows; The objective of the current study was to evaluate the effects of supplemental n-3 and n-6 fatty acid (FA) sources on cellular immune function of transition dairy cows. Animals were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 4 diets: control (n = 11); whole flaxseed (n-3 FA source; n = 11), 60 and 80 g/kg of whole flaxseed [diet dry matter (DM) basis] during pre- and postpartum, respectively; whole raw soybeans (n-6 FA source; n = 10), 120 and 160 g/kg of whole raw soybeans (diet DM basis) during pre-and postpartum, respectively; and calcium salts of unsaturated FA (Megalac-E, n-6 FA source; n = 10), 24 and 32 g/kg of calcium salts of unsaturated FA (diet DM basis) during pre-and postpartum, respectively. Supplemental FA did not alter DM intake and milk yield but increased energy balance during the postpartum period. Diets containing n-3 and n-6 FA sources increased phagocytosis capacity of leukocytes and monocytes and phagocytosis activity of monocytes. Furthermore, n-3 FA source increased phagocytic capacity of leukocytes and neutrophils and increased phagocytic activity in monocytes and neutrophils when compared with n-6 FA sources. Supplemental FA effects on adaptive immune system included increased percentage of T-helper cells, T-cytotoxic cells, cells that expressed IL-2 receptors, and CD62 adhesion molecules. The results of this study suggest that unsaturated FA can modulate innate and adaptive cellular immunity and trigger a proinflammatory response. The n-3 FA seems to have a greater effect on phagocytic capacity and activity of leukocytes when compared with n-6 FA.
Ingestion of medium chain fatty acids by lactating dairy cows increases concentrations of plasma ghrelin; The purpose of this study was to elucidate the effects of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) on plasma ghrelin concentration in lactating dairy cows. Five early-lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 2 dietary treatments in a crossover design with 2-wk periods. Treatments consisted of diets supplemented or not (control) with calcium salts of MCFAs (MCFA-Ca; 1.5% dry matter). Plasma hormone and metabolite concentrations in blood samples taken from the jugular vein were measured on the morning of feeding on day 14 of each period. Dry matter intake, milk protein, and lactose content of cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet were decreased compared with controls, but with no change in milk yield. Plasma ghrelin concentrations were higher in cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet; however, no significant effect was found on glucagon-like peptide-1 concentrations in plasma. Plasma insulin concentrations decreased, but plasma glucagon concentrations remained unchanged in cows fed the MCFA-Ca diet. The concentrations of nonesterified FAs, total cholesterol, and beta-hydroxybutyrate in plasma increased in these cows. In conclusion, dietary MCFAs increase the plasma ghrelin concentrations in lactating dairy cows. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome; Background: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte- and macrophage-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity.
Effects of milk products fermented by <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> on blood lipids in rats and healthy adult male volunteers; The effects of milk products fermented by Bifidobacterium longum strain BL1, a probiotic strain, on blood lipids in rats and humans were studied. Rats were fed a cholesterol-enriched experimental diet, supplemented with lyophilized powders of 1) acid milk (control), 2) milk fermented with a mixed culture of ordinary yogurt starters composed of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (SL), and 3) bifidobacterium milk fermented with the probiotic B. longum strain BL1, respectively. The bifidobacterium milk feeding brought about significant lowering of the serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides, in comparison with the control, while no change in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was observed. On the other hand, supplementation with SL milk resulted in only slight, nonsignificant decreases in serum lipid concentrations in comparison with the control. In the human study, 32 subjects with serum total cholesterol ranging from 220 to 280 mg/dl were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with ordinary yogurt starters composed of S. thermophilus and L. delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus (P-group) and 2) intake of a low-fat drinking yogurt prepared with the two ordinary yogurt starters plus B. longum strain BL1 (B-group). After intake for 4 wk at 3 x 100 ml/day, reduction of serum total cholesterol was observed in approximately half of the B-group subjects; a particularly significant decrease in serum total cholesterol was found among subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia (serum total cholesterol >240 mg/dl). However, the serum lipid concentrations in the P-group subjects were almost stable during the experimental periods. The present results indicate the potential of the probiotic B. longum strain BL1 in serum lipid improvement.
Dietary calcium and dairy modulation of adiposity and obesity risk; Dietary calcium plays a key role in the regulation of energy metabolism and obesity risk. This appears to be mediated primarily by dietary calcium modulation of circulating calcitriol, which in turn regulates adipocyte intracellular calcium ([Ca2+]i). Increased [Ca2+]i stimulates lipogenic gene expression and activity and inhibits lipolysis, resulting in increased adipocyte lipid accumulation. Since calcitriol stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx, low calcium diets promote adiposity, while dietary calcium-suppression of calcitriol reduces adiposity. These concepts are confirmed in controlled rodent studies as well as by epidemiological and clincial trial data, all of which confirm protection from obesity with high calcium intakes. Moreover, dairy sources of calcium exert markedly greater effects which are most likely attributable to additional bioactive compounds in dairy which act synergistically with calcium to attenuate adiposity.
Effects of dietary supplementation of pioglitazone or walnut meal on metabolic profiles and oxidative status in dairy cows with high pre-calving BCS; This research paper addresses the hypothesis that dietary pioglitazone (PGT), as synthetic and specific ligand for PPAR- or walnut meal (WM) as a natural ligand for PPAR-, affect plasma metabolites and reduce the oxidative status in high body condition score (BCS) dairy cows (4 BCS). Total of 36 multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to one of the dietary treatments: 1- Control (basal diet; CTR), 2- Walnut meal (945% walnut meal of DMI; WM), and 3- Pioglitazone (6 mg/kg BW; PGT). The experimental diets were fed from parturition time to 21 d postpartum. Results showed that the PGT supplementation increased dry matter intake (DMI) (2295 kg/d) compared to the CTR (2145 kg/d) and WM (2178 kg/d) groups. Results showed that milk yield and milk composition were not affected by the experimental diets. Body condition score losses tended to be higher in the CTR group compared to the PGT and WM cows. The PGT group had higher plasma insulin compared to the CTR group (1184 vs. 1068 mIU/l), and WM cows had intermediate plasma insulin. The PGT cows had lower plasma non esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and tended to have lower -hydroxy butyric acid (BHBA) than the CTR group. Feeding pioglitazone decreased plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and increased plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) compared to the CTR and WM groups. It was concluded that dietary pioglitazone had positive effects on DMI, BCS change, blood metabolites and oxidative status in fresh dairy cows with high pre-calving BCS. The anti-oxidant effects of walnut meal were not supported by the present data.
The Ingestion of a Fructose-Containing Beverage Combined with Fat Cream Exacerbates Postprandial Lipidemia in Young Healthy Women; Aim: To investigate the acute effects of the ingestion of a fructose-containing beverage combined with fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism.
Kefir peptides attenuate atherosclerotic vascular calcification and osteoporosis in atherogenic diet-fed <i>ApoE</i><SUP>-/-</SUP> knockout mice; Aims: Vascular calcification (VC) and osteoporosis were previously considered two distinct diseases. However, current understanding indicates that they share common pathogenetic mechanisms. The available medicines for treating VC and osteoporosis are limited. We previously demonstrated that kefir peptides (KPs) alleviated atherosclerosis in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice. The present study further addressed the preventive effects of KPs on VC and osteoporosis in ApoE(-/-) mice fed a high-cholesterol atherogenic diet (AD).
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Eating Plan on the Metabolic Side Effects of Corticosteroid Medications; Objective: We aimed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on the metabolic side effects of corticosteroid medication use.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women; Objective: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated.
Role of Functional Fortified Dairy Products in Cardiometabolic Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-analyses of Randomized Clinical Trials; There is insufficient evidence on the role of functional fortified dairy products in improving health and in preventing risk factors associated with noncommunicable chronic diseases. This systematic review was conducted to summarize effects of the consumption of fortified dairy products on biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk. MEDLINE and SCOPUS databases were used to perform searches to include studies published up to 30 April 2018. Randomized clinical trials with human subjects consuming dairy products fortified with phytosterols, FAs, vitamins or minerals and relating this consumption with cardiometabolic health were included in this review. Risk of bias assessment according to Cochrane guidelines was performed to determine the quality of the trials. Forty-one studies were finally selected for this synthesis; the selected studies tested dairy products fortified with the following nutrients and bioactive components: phytosterols (n=31), FAs (n=8), and vitamin D (n=2). We found that the consumption of phytosterol-fortified dairy, led to an overall LDL cholesterol reduction of -0.36 (-0.41,-0.31) mmol/L, P < 0.001; this decrease was mainly related to the dosage. Likewise, consumption of omega-3 FA-fortified dairy products resulted in a plasma LDL cholesterol reduction of -0.18 (-0.27,-0.09) mmol/L as well as a decrease of -0.18 (-0.32,-0.05) mmol/L in triacylglycerols ( TG). Performing meta-analyses of the consumption of dairy products fortified with vitamin D or FAs other than omega-3 FAs and biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk was not possible because of the few available publications. Our results indicate that consumption of dairy products fortified with phytosterols and omega-3 FAs can lead to a reduction of LDL cholesterol and consumption of fortified dairy products fortified with omega-3 FAs can reduce TG concentration. However, more studies with homogeneous designs are needed to determine the advantages of using dairy products as fortification vehicles to prevent cardiometabolic risk.
The Effect of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Risk Factors Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in Healthy People-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Meta-Regression of Randomized Controlled Trials; We aimed to systematically review the effectiveness of probiotic/synbiotic formulations to counteract cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in healthy people not receiving adjunctive medication. The systematic search (PubMed/MEDLINE/Embase) until 1 August 2019 was performed for randomized controlled trials in >20 adult patients. Random-effect meta-analysis subgroup and meta-regression analysis of co-primary (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), glucose, insulin, body weight, waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, and blood pressure) and secondary outcomes (uric acid, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-PAI-1, fibrinogen, and any variable related to inflammation/endothelial dysfunction). We included 61 trials (5422 persons). The mean time of probiotic administration was 67.01 +/- 38.72 days. Most of probiotic strains were ofLactobacillusandBifidobacteriumgenera. The other strains wereStreptococci,Enterococci, andPediococci. The daily probiotic dose varied between 10(6)and 10(10)colony-forming units (CFU)/gram. Probiotics/synbiotics counteracted CMR factors (endpoint data on BMI: standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.156,p= 0.006 and difference in means (DM) = -0.45,p= 0.00 and on WC: SMD = -0.147,p= 0.05 and DM = -1.21,p= 0.02; change scores on WC: SMD = -0.166,p= 0.04 and DM = -1.35,p= 0.03) in healthy persons. Overweight/obese healthy people might additionally benefit from reducing total cholesterol concentration (change scores on WC in overweight/obese: SMD: -0.178,p= 0.049). Poor quality of probiotic-related trials make systematic reviews and meta-analyses difficult to conduct and draw definite conclusions. "Gold standard" methodology in probiotic studies awaits further development.
Biochar amendment mitigates greenhouse gases emission and global warming potential in dairy manure based silage corn in boreal climate; About 11% of the global anthropogenic greenhouse gases (GHGs) emissions result from agricultural practices. Dairy manure (DM) application to soil is regarded as a best management practice due to C sequestration and improvement of soil physiochemical properties. However, GHGs emissions from the soil following the DM application could offset its advantages. Biochar (BC) is known to affect N transformation and GHGs emissions from soil. There had been considerably less focus on the BC amendment and its effects on GHGs emissions following DM application under field conditions. The objectives of this study were; i) to determine the temporal patterns and cumulative GHGs fluxes following DM and inorganic nitrogen (IN) application and, ii) to investigate BC amendment impact on DMY, GWP, direct N2O emission factor (EFd) and the response of CH4 emissions (RC) in DM based silage corn. To achieve these objectives a two-year field experiment was conducted with these treatments: 1) DM with high N conc. (DM1: 0.37% N); 2) DM with low N conc. (DM2: 0.13% N); 3) IN; 4) DM1+BC; 5) DM2+BC; 6) IN + BC; and 7) Control (No); and were laid out in randomized complete block design with four replications. BC amendment to DM1, DM2 and IN significantly reduced cumulative CO2 emission by 16, 25.5 and 26.5%, CH4 emission by 184, 200 and 293% and N2O emission by 95, 86 and 93% respectively. It also reduced area-scaled and yield-scaled GWP, EFd, RC and enhanced DMY. Thus, BC application showed great potential to offset the negative effects of DM application i.e GHGs emissions from the silage corn cropping system. Further research is needed to evaluate soil organic carbon and nitrogen dynamics (substrates for GHG emissions) after DM and BC application on various soil types and cropping systems under field conditions. Crown Copyright (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cocoa, Hazelnuts, Sterols and Soluble Fiber Cream Reduces Lipids and Inflammation Biomarkers in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers.
Modulation of the peripheral blood transcriptome by the ingestion of probiotic yoghurt and acidified milk in healthy, young men; The metabolic health benefits of fermented milks have already been investigated using clinical biomarkers but the development of transcriptomic analytics in blood offers an alternative approach that may help to sensitively characterise such effects. We aimed to assess the effects of probiotic yoghurt intake, compared to non-fermented, acidified milk intake, on clinical biomarkers and gene expression in peripheral blood. To this end, a randomised, crossover study was conducted in fourteen healthy, young men to test the two dairy products. For a subset of seven subjects, RNA sequencing was used to measure gene expression in blood collected during postprandial tests and after two weeks daily intake. We found that the postprandial response in insulin was different for probiotic yoghurt as compared to that of acidified milk. Moreover changes in several clinical biomarkers were associated with changes in the expression of genes representing six metabolic genesets. Assessment of the postprandial effects of each dairy product on gene expression by geneset enrichment analysis revealed significant, similar modulation of inflammatory and glycolytic genes after both probiotic yoghurt and acidified milk intake, although distinct kinetic characteristics of the modulation differentiated the dairy products. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor was a major contributor to the down-regulation of the inflammatory genesets and was also positively associated with changes in circulating insulin at 2h after yoghurt intake (p = 0.05). Daily intake of the dairy products showed little effect on the fasting blood transcriptome. Probiotic yoghurt and acidified milk appear to affect similar gene pathways during the postprandial phase but differences in the timing and the extent of this modulation may lead to different physiological consequences. The functional relevance of these differences in gene expression is supported by their associations with circulating biomarkers.
Acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study; Background: In contrast with some epidemiologic evidence, our previous research showed that a 4-wk diet that was high in low-fat dairy reduced insulin sensitivity compared with the effect of a diet that was high in red meat.
The Relationship between Dietary Patterns and High Blood Glucose among Adults Based on Structural Equation Modelling; Aims The aim of this study was to examine the association between dietary patterns and high blood glucose in Jiangsu province of China by using structural equation modelling (SEqM). Methods: Participants in this cross-sectional study were recruited through the 2015 Chinese Adult Chronic Disease and Nutrition Surveillance Program in Jiangsu province using a multistage stratified cluster random sampling method. Dietary patterns were defined by exploratory factor analysis (EFA). Confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was used to test the fitness of EFA. SEqM was used to investigate the association between dietary patterns and high blood glucose. Results: After exclusion, 3137 participants with complete information were analysed for this study. The prevalence of high blood glucose was 9.3% and 8.1% in males and females, respectively. Two dietary patterns: the modern dietary pattern (i.e., high in red meats and its products, vegetables, seafood, condiments, fungi and algae, main grains and poultry; low in other grains, tubers and preserves), and the fruit-milk dietary pattern (i.e., high in milk and its products, fruits, eggs, nuts and seeds and pastry snacks, but low in vegetable oils) were established. Modern dietary pattern was found to be positively associated with high blood glucose in adults in Jiangsu province (multivariate logistic regression: OR = 1.561, 95% CI: 1.025 similar to 2.379; SEqM: beta = 0.127, p < 0.05). Conclusion: The modern dietary pattern-high intake of red meats-was significantly associated with high blood glucose among adults in Jiangsu province of China, while the fruit-milk dietary pattern was not significantly associated with high blood glucose.
Plant sterol ester-enriched milk and yoghurt effectively reduce serum cholesterol in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterol esters (PSteE) or stanol esters (PStaE) in regular- and low-fat spreads has been consistently demonstrated, while their effectiveness in a low-fat, aqueous food carrier such as milk and yoghurt is less well established. Aim of the study Two studies were carried out to assess the cholesterol-lowering effect of PSteE-enriched low-fat milk and PSteE- and PStaE-enriched low-fat yoghurt in modestly hypercholesterolemic subjects ( total cholesterol between 5 - 7.5 mmol/l). Methods Study one was a single blind crossover design with 4 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 300 ml/d of placebo or PSteE- milk (2.0 g plant sterols/d) alone or combined with 25 g/d of placebo or PSteE-spread. Study two was a fully randomised, double blind crossover design with 3 phases of 3-week interventions. Subjects consumed 2 portions ( 150 g tubs each) of placebo, PSteE- yoghurt ( 1.8 g plant sterols/d) or PStaE- yoghurt ( 1.7 g plant stanols/d). In study one 39 subjects ( 21 men and 18 women) and in study two 40 subjects ( 17 men and 23 women) completed the dietary intervention. Results In study one, PSteE- milk and PSteE-spread were equally efficacious in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol as compared to placebo by 6 - 8% and 8 - 10%, respectively. No significant additional cholesterol-lowering was observed with the combination of PSteE-milk and PSteE-spread ( 4 g plant sterols/d). PSteE-enriched milk and the combination of PSteE-enriched milk plus spread both lowered lipid-adjusted serum β-carotene concentrations by 10 - 14% ( P< 0.02), while the PSteE-rich spread alone did not significantly alter serum - carotene levels. In study two, the PSteE- and PStaE-enriched yoghurts reduced LDL-cholesterol significantly compared to placebo by 0.27 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (6%) and 0.23 +/- 0.05 mmol/l (5%), respectively. In both studies, there was no effect on HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. Conclusion Plant sterols in the form of their esters when provided in low-fat milk and yoghurt are effective in lowering total and LDL-cholesterol.
Comparison between the effects of soy milk and non-fat cow milk on lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia; OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether the consumption of soy milk could add significantly to the lipid profile and lipid peroxidation in comparison with non-fat milk.
Short- and medium-term changes in performance and metabolism of dairy calves offered different amounts of milk replacers; The objective of the present study was to evaluate short- and medium-term growth performance and glucose metabolism of dairy calves fed 2, 3 or 4 L of milk replacer (MR) twice a day. One hundred and twenty female Holstein calves were randomly assigned to 3 groups: 2 L of MR twice daily (4 L), 3 L of MR twice daily (6 L), and 4 L of MR twice daily (8 L). The MR was mixed to have a 15.0% DM content. Daily MR and starter feed intake were recorded from days 2 to 70. Calves were weighed at days 0, 35, 63 and 300 and average daily gain (ADG) and gain to feed ratio (GtoF) was calculated. A glucose tolerance test (GTT) was performed at 42, 86, and 300 d of life. Overall, total DMI during the first month of life was greatest for 8 L calves (1010 +/- 22 vs 950 +/- 23 g/d), but 6 Land 8 L calves consumed less starter feed (205 +/- 21 g/d) than 4 L calves (400 +/- 22 g/d). Calves on 8 L had the greatest ADG at 35 d of life (752 +/- 29 g/d) followed by 6 L (564 + 29 g/d) and 4 L calves (484 + 29 g/d). In contrast, at 63 d of age, calves on 4 L had the greatest ADG (660 +/- 29 g/d) being 495 +/- 29 and 394 +/- 29 g/d for 6 Land 8 L calves, respectively. At 300 d of life, ADG did not differ among treatments. Allowance of MR did not affect GtoF. Age at first breeding was greater when calves received 4 L/d, but no differences were found on age at pregnancy and conception rate. The amount of MR offered had short- and medium-term effects on glucose metabolism. When calves were fed 8 L/d, serum insulin to glucose ratio increased independently of age and insulin sensitivity (IS) tended to decrease. However, differences in IS disappeared as calves became older. It is concluded that calves fed 8 L of MR daily had greater ADG during the pre-weaning period, but were unable to compensate the lack of MR during the weaning process resulting in a decreased ADG compared with calves fed 4 L daily. Also, offering 8 L/d of MR had transitory negative effects on glucose metabolism, but those disappeared with age. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Butter and walnuts, but not olive oil, elicit postprandial activation of nuclear transcription factor KB in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy men; Background: Nuclear transcription factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) plays an important role in atherosclerosis by modulating gene expression. Postprandial lipemia has been correlated with an increase in NF-kappaB activation in vascular cells and it is associated with an increase in postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins, which are involved in the development of atherosclerotic plaque. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of the intakes of 3 different foods with different fat compositions on the postprandial activation of monocyte NF-kappaB. Design: Eight healthy men followed a 4-wk baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-load meals consisting of 1 g fat/kg body wt (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design. Each meal had a different fatty acid composition, and the consumption of each meal was separated by 1 wk. The compositions of the 3 test meals were as follows: olive oil meal [22% saturated fatty acids (SFAs), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and 0.7% a-linolenic acid], butter meal (38% SFAs, 22% MUFAs, 4% PUFAs, and 0.7% a-linolenic acid), and walnut meal (20% SFAs, 24% MUFAs, 16% PUFAs, and 4% a-linolenic acid). Results: Ingestion of the olive oil meal did not elicit NF-KB activation compared with ingestion of either the butter meal at 3 h (P < 0.05) or the walnut meal at 9 h (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the postprandial triacylglycerol response between the 3 meals. Conclusions: Consumption of an olive oil-enriched meal does not activate NF-KB in monocytes as do butter and walnut-enriched meals. This effect could enhance the cardioprotective effect of olive oil-enriched diets.
The Effect of Sustainable Feeding Systems, Combining Total Mixed Rations and Pasture, on Milk Fatty Acid Composition and Antioxidant Capacity in Jersey Dairy Cows; Simple Summary Until now, only a limited number of studies have addressed the influence of combining grazing with total mixed rations (TMRs), in Jersey cows, on milk biocomponents and antioxidant capacity. Thus, the main objective of this study was to compare fatty acid (FA) profiles and antioxidant capacity in milk yielded by cows fed either using a TMR or a partial mixed ration (pTMR) combining a TMR and grazing. The second objective consisted in evaluating FA profiles and changes in lipophilic antioxidants in milk during the grazing period and related to pasture chemical composition. Although the pTMR feeding system led to a decreased daily milk production, milk quality was improved. By comparison, cows having access to pasture (pTMR group) yielded a milk with a higher fat and protein content, but with lower saturated FAs (SFA) and a higher content of unsaturated FAs considered benefic for human health (vaccenic acid (VA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), and omega-3 FA (n-3 FA)). Similarly, lipophilic antioxidant (alpha-tocopherol, retinol, and beta-carotene) content was higher in the pTMR group, resulting in a higher total antioxidant capacity in milk. The grazing period showed a significant influence on milk quality; in the milk from the pTMR group, the highest concentrations of benefic FAs (VA, CLA, and n-3 FA), the highest concentration of fat-soluble antioxidants, and the best antioxidant activity, respectively, were obtained in the first grazing period (May), in accordance with the pasture's chemical composition. This study was carried out to assess the effect of using pasture combined with total mixed ration (TMR) on milk production and composition, fatty acid (FA) profiles, fat-soluble antioxidant content, and total milk antioxidant capacity (TAC). In addition, the effect of milk pasteurization and storage at 2 degrees C for 4 days, lipophilic antioxidants and TAC were assessed. Two homogeneous groups of Jersey cows (n = 8) were constituted, which were randomly assigned to one of the two treatments: TMR (without access to pasture), or partial mixed diet (pTMR: grazing 8 h/day + TMR indoors). To establish FA profiles and lipophilic antioxidants' changes in milk during the grazing period, in case of the pTMR group the experimental period was spilt in three grazing periods: P-1 (May), P-2 (June), and P-3 (June/July). Milk yielded from cows having limited access on pasture (pTMR diet) showed an improved FA profile, with higher concentrations of FAs considered benefic for human health (vaccenic acid (VA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), omega-3 FA (n-3 FA)) (p < 0.01) and a lower concentration of FAs with hypercholesterolemiant potential (C12:0, C14:0, and C16:0) (p < 0.05), compared to that of the TMR diet. This change in FA profile was correlated with improved sanogenous lipid indices of milk fat (n-6/n-3 FA atherogenic index and thrombogenic index). Milk yielded during the P-1 grazing period had higher concentrations of VA, CLA, and n-3 FA (p < 0.05) and lower concentrations of C14:0 and C16:0 (p < 0.01); it exhibited the best values for the main sanogenous fat lipid indices of fat. Moreover, pTMR milk showed a higher alpha-tocopherol, retinol, and beta-carotene content (p < 0.05), positively correlated with TAC values in milk (P-1 > P-2 > P-3). By comparison, cows fed using the TMR diet yielded a higher quantity of milk (p < 0.05), but a lower fat and protein content (p < 0.01), and also a higher saturated FAs and n-6 FA content (p < 0.
Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk enhances the attainment of LDL-cholesterol goal in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background The number of hypercholesterolemic individuals who do not meet their cholesterol recommended targets is inappropriately high. The use of plant sterol-enriched foods could help in this clinical setting. Aim of the study To evaluate the efficacy and side effects of plant sterol-enriched fermented milk in reducing LDL-cholesterol and increasing the number of patients who attain their therapeutic targets. Methods This was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel clinical trial. Eighty-three hypercholesterolemic patients that were not at therapeutic goals were studied. The patients received one 100 ml serving of either plain (control) low-fat or phytosterol enriched (1.6 g of free sterol equivalents) drinkable yogurt per day along with the main meal for 42 days. The principal variables were variation on LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration and the number of patients achieving therapeutic goals after intervention. Results Patients on phytosterols attained an average LDL-C reduction of more than 10% (12.2% after 3 weeks; 10.6% after 6 weeks) (P = 0.001; 95% CI: 4.03-19.00) regardless of statin therapy compared to the control group. About 50% of the subjects on phytosterols, as compared to 20% of controls, attained their LDL-C target values (< 3.3 or < 2.6 mmol/l for primary and secondary prevention, respectively) at the end of the study (P < 0.001). HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) did not change and triglycerides (TG) were decreased by 14% (P < 0.018). The plasma sterols/total cholesterol ratio increased. Conclusions Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk significantly reduced LDL-C and increased the number of moderately hypercholesterolemic patients achieving therapeutic targets.
Somatotropic axis and concentrate supplementation in grazing dairy cows of genetically diverse origin; Supplementing pasture-fed dairy cows with concentrates in early lactation was hypothesized to result in an earlier postpartum recoupling of the somatotropic axis in New Zealand (NZ)-type Holstein-Friesian dairy cows than in North American (NA)-type cows. To test this hypothesis, NA (n = 30) and NZ (n = 30) cows were allocated to 1 of 3 supplementation strategies (0, 3, or 6 kg of dry matter concentrate/d) for the first 12 wk of lactation in a completely randomized design and a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement. Production traits and characteristics of the somatotropic axis were studied at phenotypic, hormonal, and gene expression levels. Milk production and plasma metabolite concentrations were measured weekly, and liver was biopsied in wk 1, 4, 8, and 12 postcalving. North American cows produced more milk and displayed a larger degree of somatotropic axis uncoupling than did NZ cows. This was evident in strain differences in body condition score, blood growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-1 concentrations, and hepatic expression of growth hormone receptor-1a. No strain x diet interactions were observed for any characteristic of the somatotropic axis at either the blood metabolite or gene expression level; however, blood insulin concentrations during wk 7 to 11 postpartum increased with concentrate supplementation in NZ but not NA cows. These results demonstrate that feeding supplements does not result in an earlier recoupling of the somatotropic axis; however, the greater blood insulin concentrations with concentrate feeding in NZ cows from wk 7 may result in an earlier recoupling in this genetic strain, after the period investigated in this study. Further research is required to understand differences in insulin control between these genetic strains.
Sucrose-sweetened beverages increase fat storage in the liver, muscle, and visceral fat depot: a 6-mo randomized intervention study; Background: The consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) has been associated with obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disorders in observational and short-term intervention studies. Too few long-term intervention studies in humans have examined the effects of soft drinks.
Milk Fat Globule Membrane Is Associated with Lower Blood Lipid Levels in Adults: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the leading cause of mortality worldwide, with dyslipidemia being a significant risk factor. This meta-analysis provides a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of bovine dairy-derived milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on blood lipid profiles in adults. A systematic search was conducted across various databases up until March 2024, resulting in the inclusion of 6 trials with a total of 464 participants. The findings indicated that MFGM phospholipid supplementation may significantly reduce total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels. A combined analysis of the effects on TC, LDL, and triglycerides (TG) revealed a significant overall reduction in these markers. However, no significant increase or reduction was observed on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and TG levels. Overall, MFGM phospholipid intake may significantly decrease the level of TC and LDL, while no significant changes in TG and HDL were observed. These results suggest that MFGM supplementation could be a promising dietary intervention for improving lipid profiles in adults. Nonetheless, further research is warranted to confirm these results and to better understand the potential variability in the impact of MFGM on blood lipid levels.
Distinct patterns of personalised dietary advice delivered by a metabotype framework similarly improve dietary quality and metabolic health parameters: secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial; Background In a 12-week randomised controlled trial, personalised nutrition delivered using a metabotype framework improved dietary intake, metabolic health parameters and the metabolomic profile compared to population-level dietary advice. The objective of the present work was to investigate the patterns of dietary advice delivered during the intervention and the alterations in dietary intake and metabolic and metabolomic profiles to obtain further insights into the effectiveness of the metabotype framework.Methods Forty-nine individuals were randomised into the intervention group and subsequently classified into metabotypes using four biomarkers (triacylglycerol, HDL-C, total cholesterol, glucose). These individuals received personalised dietary advice from decision tree algorithms containing metabotypes and individual characteristics. In a secondary analysis of the data, patterns of dietary advice were identified by clustering individuals according to the dietary messages received and clusters were compared for changes in dietary intake and metabolic health parameters. Correlations between changes in blood clinical chemistry and changes in metabolite levels were investigated.Results Two clusters of individuals with distinct patterns of dietary advice were identified. Cluster 1 had the highest percentage of messages delivered to increase the intake of beans and pulses and milk and dairy products. Cluster 2 had the highest percentage of messages delivered to limit the intake of foods high in added sugar, high-fat foods and alcohol. Following the intervention, both patterns improved dietary quality assessed by the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score and the Alternative Healthy Eating Index, nutrient intakes, blood pressure, triacylglycerol and LDL-C (p <= 0.05). Several correlations were identified between changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, triacylglycerol, insulin and HOMA-IR and changes in metabolites levels, including mostly lipids (sphingomyelins, lysophosphatidylcholines, glycerophosphocholines and fatty acid carnitines).Conclusion The findings indicate that the metabotype framework effectively personalises and delivers dietary advice to improve dietary quality and metabolic health.Clinical trial registration isrctn.com, identifier ISRCTN15305840.
RELATIVE EFFECTS ON SERUM-LIPIDS AND APOLIPOPROTEINS OF CAPRENIN-RICH DIET COMPARED WITH DIETS RICH IN PALM OIL PALM-KERNEL OIL OR BUTTER; Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (ape) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)-rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm-kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0-10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL(2)-C, and HDL(3)-C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol to KDL-C. No significant changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, ape B-100, or apo A-I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
Effect of probiotic-fermented, genetically modified soy milk on hypercholesterolemia in hamsters; Background/Purpose: The rapid progress of biotechnology and molecular biology has led to genetically modified (GM) crops becoming a part of agricultural production. There are concerns that the issues of the functional ingredients in GM products have not been addressed, such as the bioactivities of soy proteins and isoflavones. This study aimed to investigate the effects of probiotic-fermented GM soy milk on hypercholesterolemia, and atherosclerotic risks in hamsters.
Postprandial glycemic responses to a high-protein dairy snack and energy-enriched berry snacks in older adults; Background & aims: We have previously shown that regular consumption of high-protein dairy-and energy-enriched berry-based products consumed as snacks improved nutritional status, functional status, and quality of life among vulnerable older people. These products contain protein, sugar and other components which may have acute effects on glycemic control. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of these snack products on postprandial glycemic responses in older adults.
Adipose tissue remodeling in late-lactation dairy cows during feed-restriction-induced negative energy balance; Excessive rates of demand lipolysis in the adipose tissue (AT) during periods of negative energy balance (NEB) are associated with increased susceptibility to disease and limited lactation performance. Lipolysis induces a remodeling process within AT that is characterized by an inflammatory response, cellular proliferation, and changes in the extracellular matrix (ECMT). The adipose tissue macrophage (ATM) is a key component of the inflammatory response. Infiltration of ATM-forming cellular aggregates was demonstrated in transition cows, suggesting that ATM trafficking and phenotype changes may be associated with disease. However, it is currently unknown if ATM infiltration occurs in dairy cows only during NEB states related to the transition period or also during NEB-induced lipolysis at other stages of lactation. The objective of this study was to evaluate changes in ATM trafficking and inflammatory phenotypes, and the expression of genetic markers of AT remodeling in healthy late-lactation cows during feed restriction-induced NEB. After a 14-d (d -14 to d-1) preliminary period, Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 feeding protocols, ad libitum (AL) or feed restriction (FR), for 4 d (d 1-4). Caloric intake was reduced in FR to achieve a targeted energy balance of -15 Mcal/d of net energy for lactation. Omental and subcutaneous AT samples were collected laparoscopically to harvest stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells on d 3 and 4. The FR induced a NEB of -14.1 +/- 0.62 Mcal/d of net energy for lactation, whereas AL cows remained in positive energy balance (3.2 +/- 0.66 Mcal/d of NEL). The FR triggered a lipolytic response reflected in increased plasma nonesterified fatty acids (0.65 +/- 0.05 mEq/L on d 4), enhanced phosphorylation of hormone sensitive lipase, and reduced adipocyte diameter. Flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry analysis revealed that on d 4, FR cows had increased numbers of CD172a(+), an ATM (M1 and M2) surface marker, cells in SVF that were localized in aggregates. However, FR did not alter the number of SVF cells expressing M1 markers (CD14 and CD11c) or M2 markers (CD11b and CD163). This finding contrasts with the predominately M1 phenotype observed previously in ATM from clinically diseased cows. No changes were observed in the expression of ECMT-related or cell proliferation markers. In summary, an acute 4-d lipolytic stimulus in late-lactation dairy cows led to ATM infiltration with minimal changes in inflammatory phenotype and no changes in ECMT. These results underscore that physiological changes related to parturition, the onset of lactation, extended periods of lipolysis, or a combination of these can induce intense AT remodeling with enhanced ATM inflammatory phenotype expression that may impair the metabolic function of AT in transition dairy cattle.
Calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults; Objective: Increasing 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in response to low-calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans.
Prebiotics, Prosynbiotics and Synbiotics: Can They Reduce Plasma Oxidative Stress Parameters? A Systematic Review; This study assessed the effectiveness of presybiotics, prosybiotics and synbiotics on reducing serum oxidative stress parameters. PubMed/Medline, Ovid, Google Scholar, ISI Web of Science and SCOPUS were searched up to September 2016. English language randomized clinical trials reporting the effect of presybiotics, prosybiotics or synbiotic interventions on serum oxidative stress parameters in human adults were included. Twenty-one randomized clinical trials met the inclusion criteria for systematic review. Two studies investigated prebiotics, four studies synbiotics and fifteen studies probiotics. According to our systematic review, prebiotic could decrease malondialdehyde and increase superoxidative dismutase, but evidence is not enough. In comparison with fructo-oligosaccharide, inulin is much more useful for oxidative stress reduction. Using probiotics with dairy products could reduce oxidative stress significantly, but probiotic in form of supplementation did not have any effect on oxidative stress. There is limited but supportive evidence that presybiotics, prosybiotics and synbiotics are effective for reducing oxidative stress parameters. Further randomized clinical trials with longer duration of intervention especially on population with increased oxidative stress are needed to provide more definitive results before any recommendation for clinical use of these interventions.
Probiotic soy beverages: a functional beverage on lipid profile, oxidative stress and kidney function: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; PurposeProbiotic coadministration with soy beverages has been shown to have favorable results in human health. This study aims to conduct a systematic review of randomized clinical trials to examine the effect of probiotic soy beverages (PSB) on human health aspects such as lipid profile, oxidative stress and kidney function.Design/methodology/approachThe study was conducted based on Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines. Relevant articles were extracted from PubMed, SCOPUS, Web of Science, Science Direct and Google Scholar up to April 2024. This paper searched all databases using the following keywords: ("Soy milk" OR "Soy beverage" OR "Fermented soy milk" OR "Soy Fermented Beverages") AND ("Probiotic" OR "Probiotics"). The literature search did not consider language, age and publication date restrictions.FindingsA total of 2,183 subjects were included in this review. PSB beneficially decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol levels and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. PSB beneficially affected superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase and glutathione. PSB decreased serum creatinine and increased estimated glomerular filtration rate. Cystatin-C and progranulin decreased significantly in the PSB group. PSB had no significant effect on anthropometric indices, while decreased systolic and diastolic blood pressure.Originality/valueThis study provides a brief overview of the effect of PSB on lipid profile, oxidative stress, inflammation and kidney function for the first time.
Effect of extruded linseed on sarda donkey milk quality; The aim of this work was to evaluate the effect of extruded linseed in donkey diet on milk yield, milk composition and milk fatty acids (FA) profile. Eight Sarda donkeys were allocated to two groups homogenous for milk yield (0.354 +/- 124 kg/d), days in milking (123 +/- 41 d), and body weight (110 +/- 15 kg). The first group was fed a control diet (CON), while the second group was fed the control diet supplemented with 100 g/day per head of extruded linseed (ELS). The trial lasted 7 weeks, with 2 weeks of adaptation and 5 weeks of experimentation. Data were analysed using a linear mixed model, considering the diet, sampling time and their interaction as fixed effects and animals as random effect. Milk yield and milk chemical composition were not affected by the diet. The diet led to some variations of FA profile. Long-chain FA, unsaturated FA and polyunsaturated FA were higher in ELS compared to control group. These results reflected the trend of some individual FA, in particular the concentration of alpha-linolenic acid. This FA was affected by diet, sampling time and their interaction and, at the end of the trial, the average value was double in ELS than CON. Dietary linseed reduced thrombogenic and atherogenic indices and increased hypo-to hypercholesterolemic ratio of milk. In conclusion, extruded linseed can be used in donkey diet to improve the milk FA profile, in terms of polyunsaturated FA and nutritional indices, which could have a positive impact on human health.
Meta-Analysis of Milk Consumption and the Risk of Cognitive Disorders; The association between milk intake and cognitive disorders has been investigated in several epidemiological studies, but the findings are still conflicting. No quantitative assessment has been performed to evaluate the potential relationship of milk intake and cognitive disorders. From the inception to October 2016, the PubMed and the Embase databases were searched for observational studies reporting the association of milk consumption and cognitive disorders (Alzheimer's disease, dementia, and cognitive decline/impairment). A generic inverse-variance random-effects method was used to pool the Odds Ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the highest compared with the lowest level of milk intake. Subgroup and meta-regression analyses were used to assess the heterogeneity between subgroups. We identified seven articles involving a total of 10,941 participants. The highest level of milk consumption was significantly associated with a decreased risk of cognitive disorders, and the pooled OR (95% CI) was 0.72 (0.56, 0.93), with evidence of significant heterogeneity (I-2 = 64%, p = 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that the association was more pronounced in ischemic stroke patients based on a single study. Furthermore, the inverse association between milk intake and cognitive disorders was limited to Asian subjects, and the African populations showed an intermediate non-significant trend. Although we have obtained a significant association, an established relationship cannot be drawn due to the study limitation. Large prospective studies are needed to quantify the potential dose-response patterns of milk intake and to explore the association in populations with different characteristics.
Review of clinical trials evaluating safety and efficacy of milk thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i> [L.] Gaertn.); Milk thistle extracts have been used as traditional herbal remedies for almost 2000 years. The extracts are still widely used to protect the liver against toxins and to control chronic liver diseases. Recent experimental and clinical studies suggest that milk thistle extracts also have anticancer, antidiabetic, and cardioprotective effects. This article reviews clinical trials of milk thistle conducted in the past 5 years including pharmacokinetic and toxicity studies, herb-drug interactions, and other safety issues. Several trials have studied the effects of milk thistle for patients with liver diseases, cancer, hepatitis C, HIV, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. Promising results have been reported in the protective effect of milk thistle in certain types of cancer, and ongoing trials will provide more evidence about this effect. In addition, new established doses and improvement on the quality and standardization of this herb win provide the much-awaited evidence about the efficacy of milk thistle in the treatment of liver diseases. Milk thistle extracts are known to be safe and well tolerated, and toxic or adverse effects observed in the reviewed clinical trials seem to be minimal. The future of milk thistle research is promising, and high-quality randomized clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo may be needed to fm-ther demonstrate the safety and efficacy of this herb.
Non-esterified plant sterols solubilized in low fat milks inhibit cholesterol absorption - A stable isotope double-blind crossover study; Background: The cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of plant sterols in milks are unknown. The milk fat globule membrane components may enhance the absorption of cholesterol and could make plant sterols less efficient in this complex matrix. Aim of the study: To evaluate in hypercholesterolemic men the cholesterol absorption inhibiting properties of verified properly solubilized, non-esterified plant sterols in partly vegetable oil containing milks. Methods: The plant sterols in milk were determined to be properly solubilized, and to have effective in vitro functionality. Sixteen hypercholesterolemic adult men (initial total cholesterol 5.8-8.6 mM) then consumed milk containing sterols (1.8 g of non-esterified pure plant sterols/d) and control milk, alternatively, during two 6-day periods in a double blind cross over design. During the trial, cholesterol absorption was evaluated from the ratio of plasma isotopic enrichment of [26, 26, 26, 27, 27, 27-H-2(6)]cholesterol from oral intake (35.6 +/- 0.2 mumol, +/- SEM) over enrichment of [23, 24, 25, 26, 27-C-13(5)]cholesterol from intravenous injection (77.9 +/- 0.5 mumol). Results: Plant sterols in low fat milks contained very few crystals > 11 mum in the presence and absence of bile salts and lysophospholipids, and inhibited cholesterol uptake in Caco-2 cell. This assured that the sterols were properly solubilized prior to the clinical trial. In the clinical study, compliance of volunteers was excellent. After tracer injections (72 h), the plasma [H-2] and [C-13] isotopic enrichments changed from 0.024 +/- 0.001 and 0.072 +/- 0.003 MPE (control) to 0.015 +/- 0.001 and 0.074 +/- 0.002 MPE during sterol treatment, respectively. Cholesterol absorption was reduced from 70.1 +/- 4.2 % with control to 41.1 +/- 4.0 % with milks containing plant sterol (P < 0.001). Conclusions: These results demonstrate that properly solubilized non-esterified plant sterols in milks significantly inhibit cholesterol absorption in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle II: Postpartum uterine health, ketosis, and milk production; To evaluate the effect of recombinant bovine interleukiri-8 (rbIL-8) on uterine health and milk production, 2 separate studies were conducted. For study 1, postpartum Holstein cows (n = 213) were randomly allocated into 1 of 3 intrauterine treatment groups: control (CTR, 250 rnL of saline solution), low dose (L-IL8, 11.25 mu g of rbIL-8 diluted in 250 mL of saline solution), and high dose (II-IL8, 1,125 mu g of rbIL-8 diluted in 250 mL of saline solution). Intrauterine delivery of treatments was performed within 12 h of parturition. Cows were evaluated for retained fetal membranes, puerperal metritis, and clinical endometritis. Blood samples were collected immediately before treatment and 1, 2, and 3 d in milk for assessment of IL-8, haptoglobin, fatty acids, and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations. Treatment with rbIL-8 reduced the incidence of puerperal metritis in multiparous cows (CTR = 34.3, L-IL8 = 8.11, and H-IL8 = 6.35%). Both the L-IL8 and H-IL8 groups produced significantly more milk, fat-corrected milk, and energy-corrected milk yields when compared with placebo-treated controls. A second study was performed to confirm the effect of rbIL-8 on milk production. In study 2, 164 primiparous cows were randomly allocated into 1 of 4 treatment groups: control (CTR, 250 mL of saline solution), low dose (L-IL8, 0.14 mu g of rbIL-8), medium dose (M-IL8, 14 mu g of rbIL-8), and high dose (H-IL8, 1,400 mu g of rbIL-8). Treatments were prepared and administered as described for study 1. Cows in the L-IL8, M-IL8, and H-IL8 groups produced significantly more milk, fat-corrected milk, arid energy-corrected milk yields when compared with control cows. In conclusion, treatment with rbIL-8 decreased the incidence of puerperal metritis in multiparous cows. The administration of rbIL-8 was repeatedly associated with a dramatic and long-lasting improvement of lactation performance.
IS PALM MID FRACTION A HEALTHIER CHOICE AS A COCOA BUTTER EQUIVALENT?; Palm mid fraction (PMF) is a fraction of palm oil rich in 1, 3-dipalmitoyl-2- oleoylglycerol (POP) triacylglycerol (TAG) that is obtained through re-fractionation of either palm olein or palm stearin. POP-, 1(3)-1, 3 distearoyl-2-oleoylglycerol (SOS)- and triolein (OOO)-type of fats have different melting characteristics that may affect postprandial lipid and glucose metabolism. We aimed to study the effects of palmitic, stearic or oleic acid situated at the sn-1 and sn-3 positions of edible fats on postprandial lipemia, glucose and insulin responses. A randomised, double-blind crossover (3 x 3 arms) orthogonal Latin-square design was used. A total of 36 healthy adults received three different test muffins, each containing 53 g of test fat from palm mid fraction (PMF as POP-rich fat), shea stearin (SS as SOS-rich fat) or high-oleic sunflower oil (HOSF as OOO-rich fat) plus a low-fat milkshake in random order separated by two weeks. No significant differences (P>0.05) were observed between the three test meals for postprandial responses in plasma total cholesterol, Lp(a), glucose and insulin levels. However, plasma TAG levels were found significantly higher (P<0.05) in PMF- and HOSF-subjects compared with SS-subjects after 90 min. Plasma C-peptide levels were found lower (P<0.05) in the SS-subjects compared to the PMF- and HOSF-subjects. The results suggested that dietary fats containing palmitic (PMF) and oleic acid (HOSF) at the sn-1, 3 positions of the TAG backbone exert similar postprandial lipid and glucose responses compared with that of a stearic acid-rich sn-1,3 dietary fat (SS). In the food industry, there is demand for edible fats with different forms of TAG which can serve as a cocoa butter equivalent (CBE) i.e. as an important alternative for chocolates and other confectionary products.
Dietary reference values for potassium; Following a request from the European Commission, the EFSA Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA) derives dietary reference values (DRVs) for potassium. The Panel decides to set DRVs on the basis of the relationships between potassium intake and blood pressure and stroke. The Panel considers that randomised controlled trials and an observational cohort study carried out in a European adult population provide evidence that a potassium intake of 3,500 mg (90 mmol)/day has beneficial effects on blood pressure in adults. Furthermore, there is consistent evidence from observational cohort studies that potassium intakes below 3,500 mg/day are associated with a higher risk of stroke. Available data cannot be used to determine the average requirement of potassium but can be used as a basis for deriving an adequate intake (AI). A potassium intake of 3,500 mg/day is considered adequate for the adult population and an AI of 3,500 mg/day for adult men and women is proposed. For infants and children, the AIs are extrapolated from the AI for adults by isometric scaling and including a growth factor. An AI of 750 mg (19 mmol)/day is set for infants aged 7-11 months. For children, AIs from 800 mg (20 mmol)/day (1-3 years old) to 3,500 mg/day (15-17 years old) are set. Considering that the daily accretion rate of potassium in fetal and maternal tissues can be met by the adaptive changes which maintain potassium homeostasis during pregnancy, the AI set for adults applies to pregnant women. For lactating women, the amount of potassium needed to compensate for the losses of potassium through breast milk is estimated and an AI of 4,000 mg (102 mmol)/day is proposed. (C) 2016 European Food Safety Authority. EFSA Journal published by John Wiley and Sons Ltd on behalf of European Food Safety Authority.
Effect of Dietary Energy Level during Late Gestation on Mineral Contents in Colostrum, Milk, and Plasma of Lactating Jennies; Simple Summary: Donkey milk is recognized as a functional food due to its high whey protein content. It is especially beneficial for newborn nutrition because of its nutritional similarities to human milk and its hypoallergenic properties. It can be used to prevent hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis. However, donkey lactation is less productive in terms of liters/d than dairy cow lactation. It has been suggested that the energy content of the diet in late pregnancy is the main factor influencing the composition of postpartum colostrum in dairy animals. However, research on the influence of dietary energy in late gestation on the mineral content of postpartum jenny milk is limited. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the effect of dietary energy levels during late gestation on mineral contents in the colostrum milk of lactating jennies. The results showed that appropriately increasing dietary energy levels in late gestation increased the concentrations of Ca, P, K, Mg, Cu, Fe, Zn, and Mo in milk, but high dietary energy levels showed the opposite effect. The concentrations of these minerals in jenny milk decreased with the duration of lactation. This study investigated the effects of dietary energy levels during late gestation on mineral content in the plasma, colostrum, and milk of jennies postpartum. Twenty-four pregnant multiparous DeZhou jennies, aged 6.0 +/- 0.1 years, with a body weight of 292 +/- 33 kg, an average parity number of 2.7 +/- 0.1, and similar expected dates of confinement (74 +/- 4 days), were randomly allocated to three groups and fed three diets: high energy (12.54 MJ/kg, HE), medium energy (12.03 MJ/kg, ME), and low energy (11.39 MJ/kg, LE). Blood samples were collected from the jugular vein of each jenny at time points of 0 h, 24 h, 48 h, 5 d, 7 d, and 14 d after parturition. Additionally, milk samples were collected through manual milking, and an analysis of the mineral content was conducted. The results showed that compared with HE, both ME and LE significantly increased the levels of calcium (Ca), phosphorus (P), zinc (Zn), selenium (Se), molybdenum (Mo), and cobalt (Co) in the plasma and Ca, P, magnesium (Mg), copper (Cu), manganese (Mn), Zn, selenium (Se), molybdenum (Mo), and Co in the milk of jennies postpartum (p < 0.05); ME also increased the levels of potassium (K), iron (Fe), and Mn in plasma and K and Fe in milk (p < 0.05). The levels of Ca, K, Mg, P, Fe, Cu, Mn, Co, Se, Zn, and Mo in plasma and milk gradually decreased with increasing postpartum time. Their contents were the highest at 0 h postpartum, rapidly decreased after 24 h postpartum, and declined to the lowest on day 14 postpartum. The interaction between dietary energy level and postpartum time showed that although the concentrations of the minerals Ca, P, K, Mg, Fe, Cu, Mn, Zn, Co, Se, and Mo decreased in jennies' plasma and milk in the treatment groups with different energy levels as postpartum time increased, the pattern of change was also influenced by dietary energy level. The influence of dietary energy level in late gestation on the mineral content of milk and plasma during the postpartum colostrum phase was higher than that during the milk phase. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that, under the current experimental conditions, the mineral content of the colostrum, milk, and plasma of jennies after parturition was dependent on the dietary energy level during late gestation.
Soy milk: A functional beverage with hypocholesterolemic effects? A systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Objective: Current guidelines have highlighted the role of diet in conjunction with drug therapy in the management of dyslipidemia. Over the last two decades, the effect of soy milk, a derivative of soybean, on blood lipids has been the focus of nutritional researches. The present study aimed to provide a comprehensive review of clinical trials investigating the effect of soy milk on blood lipids.
Effect of fermented milk (yogurt) containing <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> L1 on serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic humans; Objective: Two controlled clinical studies were performed to examine effects of consumption of one daily serving of fermented milk (FM) (yogurt) on serum lipids.
Regulation of abdominal adiposity by probiotics (<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055) in adults with obese tendencies in a randomized controlled trial; Background/Objectives: In spite of the much evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics, their anti-obesity effects have not been well examined. We evaluated the effects of the probiotic Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other body measures in adults with obese tendencies.
Dairy products and metabolic syndrome among Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program; The associations between frequency of low fat, high fat and total dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome (MS) occurrence were determined. In a cross-sectional survey, 9660 randomly chosen adults aged >= 19 years were selected in three districts of central Iran in 2007. Nutrition behaviours were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurement were collected. This study showed that the total dairy intake was inversely related to MS occurrence after full adjustment [odds ratio (95% confidence interval) 0.84 (0.70-0.96); P = 0.04]. However, there were no significant associations between low and high fat dairy and the occurrence of MS after full adjustment. Total dairy intake had an inverse association with systolic blood pressure, waist circumference and triglyceride and positive relationship with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials on the effect of a variety of dairy products on MS need to be conducted. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Proposed Role of Calcium and Dairy Food Components in Weight Management and Metabolic Health; Dietary calcium and dairy foods have demonstrated an anti obesity effect in animal studies, observational and population studies, and randomized clinical trials. Moreover, there is a strong theoretical framework to explain the effects of dietary calcium on energy metabolism. The supporting mechanisms include dietary calcium-correcting suboptimal calcium intakes, thereby preventing the endocrine response (parathyroid hormone [PTH] and calcitriol), which favors adipocyte energy storage and inhibits adipocyte loss via apoptosis. Dietary calcium appears to further promote energy loss via formation of calcium soaps in the gastrointestinal tract and thereby modestly reduces net energy absorption. Dietary calcium appears to be responsible for approximately 50% of the anti obesity bioactivity of dairy foods. The additional dairy bioactivity has not been fully identified, but is primarily localized in whey protein. The major components are the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor activity of whey proteins and the high concentration of leucine in whey. This high leucine content appears to be primarily responsible for the repartitioning of dietary energy from adipose tissue to skeletal muscle during weight loss, resulting in greater preservation of skeletal muscle and accelerated loss of adipose tissue during negative energy balance. Finally, high-calcium diets suppress obesity-induced oxidative and inflammatory stress independently from its role in modulating adiposity; these effects are similarly augmented by other dairy food components. However, the number of randomized clinical trials conducted is still modest, and a small number have not confirmed significant effects in weight management. Thus, the protective effects of dairy foods against obesity and its comorbidities are promising, but warrant further large-scale studies.
Low-carbohydrate diets and cardiometabolic health: the importance of carbohydrate quality over quantity; Carbohydrates are increasingly being implicated in the epidemics of obesity, diabetes, and their downstream cardiometabolic diseases. The "carbohydrate-insulin model" has been proposed to explain this role of carbohydrates. It posits that a high intake of carbohydrate induces endocrine deregulation marked by hyperinsulinemia, leading to energy partitioning with increased storage of energy in adipose tissue resulting in adaptive increases in food intake and decreases in energy expenditure. Whether all carbohydrate foods under real-world feeding conditions directly contribute to weight gain and its complications or whether this model can explain these clinical phenomena requires close inspection. The aim of this review is to assess the evidence for the role of carbohydrate quantity vs quality in cardiometabolic health. Although the clinical investigations of the "carbohydrate-insulin model" have shown the requisite decreases in insulin secretion and increases in fat oxidation, there has been a failure to achieve the expected fat loss under low-carbohydrate feeding. Systematic reviews with pairwise and network meta-analyses of the best available evidence have failed to show the superiority of low-carbohydrate diets on long-term clinical weight loss outcomes or that all sources of carbohydrate behave equally. High-carbohydrate diets that emphasize foods containing important nutrients and substances, including high-quality carbohydrate such as whole grains (especially oats and barley), pulses, or fruit; low glycemic index and load; or high fiber (especially viscous fiber sources) decrease intermediate cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized trials and are associated with weight loss and decreased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cardiovascular mortality in prospective cohort studies. The evidence for sugars as a marker of carbohydrate quality appears to be highly dependent on energy control (comparator) and food source (matrix), with sugar-sweetened beverages providing excess energy showing evidence of harm, and with high-quality carbohydrate food sources containing sugars such as fruit, 100% fruit juice, yogurt, and breakfast cereals showing evidence of benefit in energy-matched substitutions for refined starches (low-quality carbohydrate food sources). These data reflect the current shift in dietary guidance that allows for flexibility in the proportion of macronutrients (including carbohydrates) in the diet, with a focus on quality over quantity and dietary patterns over single nutrients.
Milk yield and composition, blood, and urinary parameters of Murrah buffaloes in different maturity stages during the transition period and early lactation; This study aimed to evaluate differences in productive performance between primiparous and multiparous Murrah buffaloes and the interrelationships between metabolic traits during the transition period and early lactation. Thirty pregnant buffaloes were monitored during the transition period and at the beginning of the lactation. Animals were randomly assigned within the two experimental groups considering the calving number and the estimated calving date: primiparous (n = 15) and multiparous buffaloes (n = 15). The buffaloes were monitored every week during the last 30 days of pregnancy, and the first 63 days postpartum. Buffaloes were kept in the same environment condition, and management practices. Multiparous buffaloes, at the postpartum period, showed higher milk fat, protein, lactose, total dry extract production, non-fat dry extract contents, and higher milk urea nitrogen and casein contents than primiparous buffaloes. Primiparous buffaloes showed higher urine pH and hematocrit concentration than the multiparous group at the prepartum period and higher leukocyte and lymphocytes concentrations at the postpartum. During the transition period, primiparous buffaloes exhibited negative interrelationships between metabolic traits and productive performance related to variations in their metabolic status. These results may indicate that multiparous buffaloes fewer sensitive to variations of metabolic status during the transition period.
Postprandial response of plasma IL-6 to isoenergetic meals rich in casein or potato singly and combined in obese women; Milk consumption decreases inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects. Casein is the major protein in milk and enhances the secretion of insulin that has anti-inflammatory activity. The aim of the present study was to compare the acute effect of meals rich in casein and carbohydrate and a combination of both nutrients on postprandial plasma concentrations of IL-6, a marker of inflammation, in obese women. A total of twenty-five obese women aged 38-68 years consumed isoenergetic meals rich in potato (POT) or casein (CA) or a combination of both these meals (POT + CA), in random order in a cross-over trial. After an overnight fast, blood samples were collected before and at 1 and 4 h after the meals and circulating concentrations of IL-6, glucose, insulin and NEFA were measured. Plasma IL-6 concentrations increased significantly (P < 0.001) during 4 h after the meals. The AUC of postprandial IL-6 concentrations was not significantly (P = 0.77) different among the meals. Postprandial serum insulin concentration AUC was significantly higher during the POT + CA meal compared with the POT meal (P = 0.001) and the CA meal (P < 0.05), which in turn was significantly higher than the POT meal (P < 0.05). These data show that while ingestion of CA alone or combined with POT acutely increases circulating insulin concentrations, it does not appreciably alter the postprandial increase in plasma IL-6 concentrations in obese women.
Consumption of protein-enriched milk has minor effects on inflammation in older adults-A 12-week double-blind randomized controlled trial; Introduction: Aging is associated with increased levels of circulating inflammatory markers and reduced muscle mass and strength.
Postgraduate Symposium Effect of interaction between <i>PPARG</i>, <i>PPARA</i> and <i>ADIPOQ</i> gene variants and dietary fatty acids on plasma lipid profile and adiponectin concentration in a large intervention study; Unsaturated fatty acids are ligands of PPAR-gamma, which up-regulates genes involved in fatty acid transport and TAG synthesis and the insulin-sensitising adipokine adiponectin, which activates fatty acid beta-oxidation via PPAR-alpha action in liver. We investigated the effect of dietary fatty acid interaction with PPARG, PPARA and ADIPOQ gene variants on plasma lipid and adiponectin concentrations in the Reading Imperial Surrey Cambridge King's study, a five-centre, parallel design, randomised controlled trial of 466 subjects at increased cardiometabolic risk. After a 4-week run-in to baseline, SFA was replaced by MUFA or carbohydrate (low fat) in isoenergetic diets for 24 weeks. Habitual dietary PUFA: SFA ratio x PPARG Pro12Ala genotype interaction influenced plasma total cholesterol (P = 0.02), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.002) and TAG (P = 0.02) concentrations in White subjects. PPARA Val162Leu x PPARG Pro12Ala genotype interaction influenced total cholesterol (P = 0.04) and TAG (P = 0.03) concentrations at baseline. After high-MUFA and low-fat diets, total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were reduced (P < 0.001) and gene x gene interaction determined LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.003) and small dense LDL as a proportion of LDL (P = 0.012). At baseline, ADIPOQ - 10066 G/A A-allele was associated with lower serum adiponectin (n 360; P = 0.03) in White subjects. After the high-MUFA diet, serum adiponectin increased in GG subjects and decreased in A-allele carriers (P = 0.006 for difference). In GG, adiponectin increased with age after the high MUFA and decreased after the low-fat diet (P = 0.003 for difference at 60 years). In conclusion, in Whites, high dietary PUFA: SFA would help to reduce plasma cholesterol and TAG in PPARG Ala12 carriers. In ADIPOQ - 10066 GG homozygotes, a high-MUFA diet may help to increase adiponectin with advancing age.
Effect of Varying Dietary Crude Protein Level on Milk Production, Nutrient Digestibility, and Serum Metabolites by Lactating Donkeys; Simple Summary Donkey milk, a functional food, can be used as a milk replacement for newborn nutrition, due to its similar chemical composition to maternal breast milk and hypoallergenic property, and may be useful in the prevention of hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis. However, donkey milk yield is very low and cannot satisfy the demands of the market. Some research on dairy cows showed that increasing dietary crude protein levels can increase milk yield and milk component yields. Therefore, this study explored whether increasing dietary crude protein levels could promote the milk production of lactating donkeys. The results showed that increasing crude protein levels could improve milk performance and nutrient digestibility of lactating donkeys. The key finding of this study was that a diet containing 14.2% crude protein supplied adequate protein to improve milk production in lactating donkeys. Donkey milk is considered as a functional food due to its high levels of whey protein, and can be used in newborn nutrition, due to the nutritional similarities with human milk and its hypoallergenic property. However, donkey milk yield is very low and little is known about improving donkey milk yield by nutrition manipulation. The effect of dietary crude protein (CP) levels on milk production, nutrient digestibility, and serum metabolites was investigated in the current study. Twenty-four lactating donkeys were randomly assigned to one of the following three CP content diets: 15.3% (HP), 14.2% (MP), and 13.1% (LP) of dry matter, respectively. The experiment lasted for 10 weeks, with the first two weeks being used for adaptation. The results showed that milk yield and yields of protein, lactose, solid-not-fat, total solid, and contents of protein, total solid and milk urea nitrogen in the HP and MP groups were higher than the LP group. No significant changes were observed in dry-matter intake, contents of milk fat, lactose or solid-not-fat. The feed conversion ratio, milk protein synthesis efficiency, and the digestibility of dry matter, crude protein, ether extract, acid detergent fiber, neutral detergent fiber, calcium and phosphorous in the HP and MP groups were greater than the LP group. Serum total protein, albumin and urea nitrogen concentrations decreased, while concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate increased in the LP group compared with the HP and MP groups. In conclusion, the diet containing 14.2% CP supplied an adequate amount of protein for improving milk production in lactating donkeys, but milk production was not further increased by feeding the donkeys more than 14.2% CP.
Understanding the sensitivity of muscle protein synthesis to dairy protein in middle-aged men; Although the consumption of dairy protein results in a robust increase in muscle protein synthesis (MPS), the magnitude of the increase is dependent upon the dose of protein ingested and the age of the individual. The minimum dose of dairy protein that can stimulate MPS in middle age (50.1 +/- 4.5 years), a period of life during which muscle mass is typically lost, is not known. Sixteen middle-aged men (45-60 years) were randomly assigned to consume beverages containing either 10 g of milk protein (MP10) or 6 g of MP plus 20 g of carbohydrate (MP6 + CHO). A primed constant, infusion of C-13(6) phenylalanine was maintained and muscle biopsy samples were collected to calculate MPS. MP10 increased MPS above fasting levels for 90 min after ingestion, whereas MP6 + CHO did not increase MPS. This study demonstrates that between 6 and 10 g of MP is required to stimulate MPS in middle-aged men. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Intake of Milk with Added Micronutrients Increases the Effectiveness of an Energy-Restricted Diet to Reduce Body Weight: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial in Mexican Women; Background Micronutrient deficiencies have been associated with an increase in fat deposition and body weight; thus, adding them to low-fat milk may facilitate weight loss when accompanied by an energy-restricted diet.
Comparison of the effects of interesterified butter oil, natural butter oil, rapeseed oil and sunflower oil on postprandial lipoprotein levels in healthy females; Postprandial responses to four high-fat test meals were followed for five hours in twelve healthy females (mean age 27.6 years). The fats used in the meals were: interesterified butter oil (LMBO), natural butter oil (BO, saturates 62% of fatty acids, FAs), low-erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of FAs) and sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of FAs). LMBO has the same fatty acid composition as natural BO but random distribution of fatty acids in the glycerol backbone. Postprandial lipemia in serum total triglyceride (TG) concentration was significantly lower (p<0.001) after the LMBO meal than after the three natural oil meals. The other meals did not differ in this respect. the enhancement of VLDL triglycerides was similar for the three meals containing natural oils (BO,RO,SO) and also higher than that for the LMBO mean (p<0.001). Also the effect of the LMBO test meal on TG level in HDL(2+3) fraction differed significantly (p<0.001) from the other three oils tested. Cholesterol content remained unaltered in VLDL lipoprotein fraction after the LMBO meal but increased significantly after the three other test meals (p<0.001). Vegetable oils (RO and SO) did not change HDL(2) cholesterol content while an increase in HDL(2) cholesterol was noticed after the BO and LMBO meals (p=0.052 and p=0.002, respectively). The postprandial shapes of the apolipoprotein A-I and B curves were similar for the BO, RO and SO meals during the five hour follow-up but differed significantly from that of the LMBO meal (p=0.003 and p<0.001, respectively).
Postprandial lipemic response to alpha-linolenic acid rich oil, butter, and olive oil; Postprandial lipemia varies with composition of dietary fat due to partitioning of fatty acids between beta-oxidation, incorporation into TAG, and tissue lipids. Effects of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) are poorly characterized. Lipase-catalyzed transesterification was used to produce a novel ALA-oil (35% ALA) from rapeseed and linseed oil. We hypothesized a lower postprandial lipemic response with ALA-oil than with olive oil and butter due to higher beta-oxidation of ALA. A randomized crossover study with 26 healthy men compared the effects on plasma lipids 7 h after a breakfast containing 35 g ALA-rich oil, butter fat, or olive oil. The incremental area under curve for plasma TAG was lower with butter than with olive oil (34%, p< 0.05) and ALA-oil (25%, ns). After ALA-oil percentage ALA increased, in TAG to a constant level of 7 mol% and in NEFA to 6% after 7 h. Since total NEFA increased with time the amount of exogenous ALA in NEFA also increased. Butter resulted in lower postprandial lipemia than the oils, the difference exceeding what is expected from the presence of short and medium chain fatty acids in butter. There was a considerable recirculation of ALA into the NEFA pool available for oxidation.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic" subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low-fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL-cholesterol levels.
Increased Consumption of Dairy Foods and Protein during Diet- and Exercise-Induced Weight Loss Promotes Fat Mass Loss and Lean Mass Gain in Overweight and Obese Premenopausal Women; Weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons; however, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise (resistance and/or aerobic) and a hypoenergetic diet varying in protein and calcium content from dairy foods would affect the composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy, premenopausal, overweight, and obese women. Ninety participants were randomized to 3 groups (n = 30/group): high protein, high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein, medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein, low dairy (APLD) differing in the quantity of total dietary protein and dairy food-source protein consumed: 30 and 15%, 15 and 7.5%, or 15 and <2% of energy, respectively. Body composition was measured by DXA at 0, 8, and 16 wk and MRI (n = 39) to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16 wk. All groups lost body weight (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.01); however, fat loss during wk 8-16 was greater in the HPHD group than in the APMD and APLD groups (P < 0.05). The HPHD group gained lean tissue with a greater increase during 8-16 wk than the APMD group, which maintained lean mass and the APLD group, which lost lean mass (P < 0.05). The HPHD group also lost more VAT as assessed by MRI (P < 0.05) and trunk fat as assessed by DXA (P < 0.005) than the APLD group. The reduction in VAT in all groups was correlated with intakes of calcium (r = 0.40; P < 0.05) and protein (r = 0.32; P < 0.05). Therefore, diet- and exercise-induced weight loss with higher protein and increased dairy product intakes promotes more favorable body composition changes in women characterized by greater total and visceral fat loss and lean mass gain. J. Nutr. 141: 1626-1634, 2011.
Effects of camel milk in dyslipidaemia: A randomised clinical trial; Treating dyslipidaemia lowers the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Although statins stand as the first line agents used for CAD prevention, patients may not reach their recommended goals or they discontinue treatment due to adverse effects. Camel milk has been postulated to have an effect on dyslipidaemia. A single blind, randomised clinical trial was conducted with the aim of investigating the anti-dyslipidaemic effect of camel milk in patients with untreated dyslipidaemia. Study participants were recruited from the Family Medicine Clinics of the King Saud Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Blood levels of low density lipoprotein-cholesterol and total cholesterol dropped following three months of treatment with both statins and camel milk. The effects in both treatment groups were statistically equivalent. The results demonstrate that camel milk could be an alternative intervention to statin therapy for dyslipidaemia under some circumstances; however, further studies are needed to understand its efficacy. (c) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Camel Milk as an Adjuvant Therapy for the Treatment of Type 1 Diabetes: Verification of a Traditional Ethnomedical Practice; There is a traditional belief in the Middle East that regular consumption of camel milk may aid in prevention and control of diabetes. The aim of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of camel milk as an adjuvant therapy in young type 1 diabetics. This 16-week randomized study enrolled 54 type 1 diabetic patients (average age 20 years) selected from those attending the outpatient diabetes clinic of the Menofia University Hospital, affiliated with Egypt's National Cancer Institute. Subjects were randomly divided into two groups of 27 patients: one received usual management (diet, exercise, and insulin), whereas the other received 500 mL of camel milk daily in addition to standard management. A control group of 10 healthy subjects was also assessed. The following parameters were evaluated at baseline and at 4 and 16 weeks: hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), human C-peptide, lipid profile, serum insulin, anti-insulin antibodies, creatinine clearance, albumin in 24-hour urine, body mass index, and Diabetes Quality of Life score. The following parameters were significantly different between the usual-management group versus the camel milk group after 16 weeks: fasting blood sugar (227.2 +/- 17.7 vs. 98.9 +/- 16.2 mg/dL), HbA1c (9.59 +/- 2.05[%] vs. 7.16 +/- 1.84[%]), serum anti-insulin antibodies (26.20 +/- 7.69 vs. 20.92 +/- 5.45 mu U/mL), urinary albumin excretion (25.17 +/- 5.43 vs. 14.54 +/- 5.62 mg/dL/24 hours), daily insulin dose (48.1 +/- 6.95 vs. 23 +/- 4.05 units), and body mass index (18.43 +/- 3.59 vs. 24.3 +/- 2.95 kg/m(2)). Most notably, C-peptide levels were markedly higher in the camel milk group (0.28 +/- 0.6 vs. 2.30 +/- 0.51 pmol/mL). These results suggest that, as an adjunct to standard management, daily ingestion of camel milk can aid metabolic control in young type 1 diabetics, at least in part by boosting endogenous insulin secretion.
Effects of milk enriched with ω-3 fatty acid, oleic acid and folic acid in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background & aims: Patients with metabolic syndrome (MS) have increased cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary modifications mainly polyunsatturated fatty acids intake, can improve them. The present study was performed to assess the effects of enriched milk with omega-3 and oleic fatty acids, folic acid and vitamin E, in these patients.
Colostrum and mature breast milk analysis of serum irisin and sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1c in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: We aimed to evaluate irisin and SREBP-1c levels in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk in women with and without gestational diabetes (GDM); and to relate them with maternal glucose, lipid profile and weight status of babies.Methods: GDM positive women (n=33) and normal glucose tolerant women (NGT) (n=33) were recruited. Maternal blood samples were collected at 28th week of gestation and later at 6-week post-partum while breast milk samples of the lactating mothers were collected within 72hours of birth (colostrum) and at 6 weeks post-partum (mature milk). Irisin and SREBP-1c levels were analyzed by commercially available ELISA kits for all maternal samples.Results: Lower levels of irisin were seen in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk of GDM females (p<.01). SREBP-1c profile showed a similar trend of low serum levels in GDM, however, they were undetectable in colostrum and mature breast milk. Weak to moderate correlations of serum irisin with BMI (r=0.439; p<.001), GTT 0hours (r=0.403; p=.01), HbA1c (r=-0.312; p=.011), Fasting blood glucose (r=0.992; p=.008), and baby weight at birth (r=0.486; p<.001). Colostrum and mature breast milk irisin showed positive associations with baby weight at 6 weeks (r=0.325; p=.017; r=0.296; p=.022, respectively). Serum SREBP-1c at 6 weeks correlated with random blood glucose (r=0.318; p=.009), and HbA1c (r=-0.292; p=.011). All correlations were lost once we adjusted for maternal BMI.Conclusions: Low irisin and SREBP1-c levels may favor development of GDM in pregnant subjects. Further, low mature breast milk levels may act as a continued stressor from fetal to infant life as long as breast-feeding is continued. Further studies are required to identify the mechanistic relationship between these biomarkers and GDM.
Alterations in the gut microbiota and its metabolites contribute to metabolic maladaptation in dairy cows during the development of hyperketonemia; Metabolic maladaptation in dairy cows after calving can lead to long-term elevation of ketones, such as beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), representing the condition known as hyperketonemia, which greatly influences the health and production performance of cows during the lactation period. Although the gut microbiota is known to alter in dairy cows with hyperketonemia, the association of microbial metabolites with development of hyperketonemia remains unknown. In this study, we performed a multi-omics analysis to investigate the associations between fecal microbial community, fecal/plasma metabolites, and serum markers in hyperketonemic dairy cows during the transition period. Dynamic changes in the abundance of the phyla Verrucomicrobiota and Proteobacteria were detected in the gut microbiota of dairy cows, representing an adaptation to enhanced lipolysis and abnormal glucose metabolism after calving. Random forest and univariate analyses indicated that Frisingicoccus is a key bacterial genus in the gut of cows during the development of hyperketonemia, and its abundance was positively correlated with circulating branched-chain amino acid levels and the ketogenesis pathway. Taurodeoxycholic acid, belonging to the microbial metabolite, was strongly correlated with an increase in blood BHB level, and the levels of other secondary bile acid in the feces and plasma were altered in dairy cows prior to the diagnosis of hyperketonemia, which link the gut microbiota and hyperketonemia. Our results suggest that alterations in the gut microbiota and its metabolites contribute to excessive lipolysis and insulin insensitivity during the development of hyperketonemia, providing fundamental knowledge about manipulation of gut microbiome to improve metabolic adaptability in transition dairy cows.IMPORTANCEAccumulating evidence is pointing to an important association between gut microbiota-derived metabolites and metabolic disorders in humans and animals; however, this association in dairy cows from late gestation to early lactation is poorly understood. To address this gap, we integrated longitudinal gut microbial (feces) and metabolic (feces and plasma) profiles to characterize the phenotypic differences between healthy and hyperketonemic dairy cows from late gestation to early lactation. Our results demonstrate that cows underwent excessive lipid mobilization and insulin insensitivity before hyperketonemia was evident. The bile acids are functional readouts that link gut microbiota and host phenotypes in the development of hyperketonemia. Thus, this work provides new insight into the mechanisms involved in metabolic adaptation during the transition period to adjust to the high energy and metabolic demands after calving and during lactation, which can offer new strategies for livestock management involving intervention of the gut microbiome to facilitate metabolic adaptation.
Effects of Daily Intake of Calcium and Vitamin D-Enriched Milk in Healthy Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-Blind Nutritional Study; Objective: To determine the effect of the daily intake of calcium and vitamin D-enriched milk (with or without fructooligosaccharides [FOS]) on vitamin D, bone metabolism, and cardiovascular risk factors. Materials and Methods: Two-year randomized controlled study, including 500 healthy postmenopausal women, assigned to 500mL/day of skimmed milk to one of three groups: Low-dose (L): (120mg/100mL calcium, vitamin D-3 30UI/100mL), group A: calcium and vitamin D (180mg/100mL and 120UI/100mL), and group B: calcium and vitamin D (180mg/100mL and 120UI/100mL) and FOS (5g/L). We evaluated serum 25(OH)D, bone mineral density (BMD) by Dual Energy X-ray Absorptiometry, and biochemical data of glucose and lipid metabolism. Results: After 24 months, vitamin D concentrations did not change in the control group, but increased in group A and group B, p<0.001. We observed an increase in femoral neck BMD and an improvement in fasting plasma glucose, HbA(1c), total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B 100. Conclusions: Daily intake of milk enriched with calcium and vitamin D in postmenopausal healthy women induces a significant improvement in vitamin D status, a significant increase in BMD at femoral neck, and also favorable effects on glucose and lipid profile.
Matrix structure of dairy products results in different postprandial lipid responses: a randomized crossover trial; Background: The dairy matrix may influence digestion and absorption of lipids and thereby risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). However, few postprandial studies have compared dairy products that differed only in terms of their matrix.
The Effects of a Modified High-carbohydrate High-fat Diet on Metabolic Syndrome Parameters in Male Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities including central obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A previous study has established that high-carbohydrate high-fat diet (HCHF) can induce MetS in rats. In this study, we modified components of the diet so that it resembled the diet of Southeast Asians. This study aimed to determine the effects of this modified HCHF diet on metabolic parameters in rats. Male Wistar rats (n=14) were randomised into two groups. The normal group was given standard rat chow. The MetS group was given the HCHF diet, comprises of fructose, sweetened condensed milk, ghee, Hubble Mendel and Wakeman salt mixture, and powdered rat food. The diet regimen was assigned for a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic syndrome parameters (abdominal circumference, blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile) were measured at week 0, 8, 12, and 16 of the study. The measurement of whole body composition (fat mass, lean mass, and percentage of fat) was performed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at week 0, 8, and 16. Our results indicated that the components of MetS were partially developed after 8 weeks of HCHF diet. Systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, fat content, and percentage of fat was significantly higher in the HCHF group compared to normal group (p<0.05). After 12 weeks of HCHF diet, the rats showed significant increases in abdominal circumference, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia compared to normal control (p<0.05). In conclusion, MetS is successfully established in male rats induced by the modified HCHF diet after 12 weeks.
Consuming a mixed diet enriched with lupin protein beneficially affects plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic subjects: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: The objectives of this study were to assess whether 25 g/d lupin protein, integrated into a mixed diet, might affect cardiovascular risk factors and whether L-arginine was responsible for these effects.
Impact of Soil Amendments on the Hydraulic Conductivity of Boreal Agricultural Podzols; Hydraulic properties of soil are the basis for understanding the flow and transport through the vadose zone. It has been demonstrated that different soil amendments can alter the soil properties affecting soil hydrology. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of soil amendments on hydraulic conductivity (K) of a loamy sand podzolic soil under both unsaturated (K-unsat) and near-saturated (near K-sat) conditions in an agricultural setting. A field experiment was conducted with two common soil amendments: Dairy manure (DM) in 2016 and 2017 and biochar (BC) once only in 2016. DM and BC were incorporated up to a depth of 0.15-0.20 m at a rate of 30,000 L ha(-1) and 20 Mg ha(-1), respectively. A randomized complete block experimental design was used and the plots planted with silage corn (Zea mays L.) without irrigation. The treatments were: Control without amendment (0N), inorganic N fertilizer (IN), two types of DM (IN+DM1 and IN+DM2), and two treatments with BC (IN+BC and IN+DM1+BC). Infiltration data were collected using a mini disk infiltrometer under three tension levels in which -0.04 and -0.02 m was ascribed as unsaturated (at the wet end) and -0.001 m as near-saturated condition. Based on the measured infiltration rates, K-unsat and near K-sat hydraulic conductivities were calculated. There were no significant effects of DM and BC on bulk density and near K-sat. Treatments IN+DM1, IN+DM2, and IN+DM1+BC significantly reduced the K-unsat compared to the control. Since these soil amendments can influence soil hydrology such as reduced infiltration and increased surface runoff, carefully monitored application of soil amendments is recommended.
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activity of combined milk thistle and fenugreek seeds in alloxan-induced diabetic albino rats; Background and Aim: Despite the availability of antidiabetic drugs, they are not free from associated adverse side effects. This study aimed to evaluate the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of oral administration of seeds from two medicinal plants: (1) Milk thistle and (2) fenugreek.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH): potential mechanisms of action against risk factors of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of disorders dominated by abdominal obesity, hypertriacylglycerolaemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high blood pressure and high fasting glucose. Diet modification is a safe and effective way to treat the metabolic syndrome. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a dietary pattern rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and low in meats and sweets. DASH provides good amounts of fibre, K, Ca and Mg, and limited quantities of total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and Na. Although DASH was initially designed for the prevention or control of hypertension, using a DASH diet has other metabolic benefits. In the present review, the effect of each dietary component of DASH on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome is discussed. Due to limited fat and high fibre and Ca content, individuals on the DASH diet are less prone to overweight and obesity and possess lower concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol although changes in TAG and HDL-cholesterol have been less significant and available evidence in this regard is still inconclusive. Moreover, high amounts of fruit and vegetables in DASH provide great quantities of K, Mg and fibre, all of which have been shown to reduce blood pressure. K, Mg, fibre and antioxidants have also been effective in correcting glucose and insulin abnormalities. Evidence is provided from cross-sectional investigations, cohort studies and randomised controlled trials, and, where available, from published meta-analyses. Mechanisms are described according to human studies and, in the case of a lack of evidence, from animal and cell culture investigations.
Minimal dose of milk protein concentrate to enhance the anabolic signalling response to a single bout of resistance exercise; a randomised controlled trial; Background: Resistance training is a potent stimulus to induce muscle hypertrophy. Supplemental protein intake is known to enhance gains in muscle mass through activation of the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) pathway, which initiates protein translation. While the optimal dose of high quality protein to promote post exercise anabolism in young or older men has been investigated, little is known about the minimum doses of protein required to potentiate the resistance exercise activation of anabolic signalling in middle aged men.
Berberine supplementation modulates the somatotropic axis and ameliorates glucose tolerance in dairy goats during late gestation and early lactation; Background Pregnancy, parturition, and the onset of lactation represent an enormous physiological and hormonal challenge to the homeostasis of dairy animals, being a risk for their health and reproduction. Thus, as a part of the homothetic changes in preparturition period, goats undergo a period of IR as well as uncoupled GH/IGF-1 axis. The objective for this study was to determine the effect of berberine (BBR) during the peripartal period on hormonal alteration and somatotropic axis in dairy goats as well as glucose and insulin kinetics during an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT). At 21 days before the expected kidding date, 24 primiparous Saanen goats were assigned randomly to 4 dietary treatments. Goats were fed a basal diet from wk. 3 antepartum (AP) until wk. 3 postpartum (PP) supplemented with 0 (CTRL), 1 (BBR1), 2 (BBR2), and 4 (BBR4) g/d BBR. Blood samples were collected on days - 21, - 14, - 7, 0, 7, 14, and 21 relative to the expected kidding date. An IVGTT was also performed on day 22 PP. Results Compared with CTRL, supplementation with either BBR2 or BBR4 increased DMI at kidding day and PP, as well as body conditional score (BCS) and milk production (p <= 0.05). On d 7 and 14 PP plasma glucose was higher in BBR2- and BBR4-treated than in CTRL. The glucagon concentration was not affected by BBR during the experimental period. However, supplemental BBR indicated a tendency to decrease in cortisol concentration on days 7 (p = 0.093) and 14 (p = 0.100) PP. Lower plasma GH was observed in BBR than in non-BBR goats (p <= 0.05). Plasma IGF-1 concentration was enhanced in both BBR2 and BBR4 at kidding and day 7 PP (p <= 0.05). During the IVGTT, glucose area under the curve (AUC), clearance rate (CR), T-1/2, and T-basal was lower (p <= 0.05) in both BBR2 and BBR4 goats as compared with CTRL. Likewise, the insulin CR was higher (p <= 0.05) in goats receiving either BBR2 or BBR4 which was accompanied by a lower insulin T-1/2 and AUC. Conclusions Altogether, our results indicated an improved glucose and insulin status along with the modulation of the somatotropic axis and glucose and insulin response to IVGTT in dairy goats supplemented with 2 and 4 g/d BBR.
Effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects two high-protein (HP) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure.
Inverse relation between fruit and vegetable intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the association of intakes of fruit, vegetable and dairy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This prospective study was conducted over a 17 month period, on a random sample of pregnant women (n = 1026), aged 18-45 y, in their first half of pregnancy, attending prenatal clinics in five hospitals' affiliated to universities of medical sciences in different districts of Tehran, Iran. Dietary intakes were assessed during gestational age <= 6 weeks using a 168-item validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation, all pregnant women underwent a scheduled 100 g 3-h oral glucose tolerance test. Diagnosis of GDM was based on criteria set by the American Diabetes Association. Results: Of 1026 study participants, 71 had GDM, with a mean age and pre-pregnancy BMI of 26.7 +/- 4.3 y and 25.4 +/- 4.5 Kg/m(2), respectively. High fruit and vegetable intakes were negatively associated with GDM risk. Compared with women who consumed < 2.1 servings/day, odds ratio (ORs) for those who consumed >= 4.9 servings/day was 0.44 (95% CI: 0.20-0.93), after adjustment for confounding factors. Fruit and vegetable intakes were significantly and inversely associated with the GDM; ORs (95% CIs) for GDM among participants with the highest, compared to the lowest quartiles were 0.48 (0.18-0.89) for fruit and 0.46 (0.22-0.99) for vegetables intake. No association was found between dairy products and GDM. Conclusions: Fruit and vegetable consumption in women of reproductive age have beneficial effects in the prevention of GDM.
Vitamin B-12 Concentrations in Breast Milk Are Low and Are Not Associated with Reported Household Hunger, Recent, Animal-Source Food, or Vitamin B-12 Intake in Women in Rural Kenya; Background: Breast milk vitamin B-12 concentration may be inadequate in regions in which animal-source food consumption is low or infrequent. Vitamin B-12 deficiency causes megaloblastic anemia and impairs growth and development in children.
Diets High in Protein or Saturated Fat Do Not Affect Insulin Sensitivity or Plasma Concentrations of Lipids and Lipoproteins in Overweight and Obese Adults; Background: Previous human studies reported inconsistent effects of dietary protein and branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) on insulin action and glucose metabolism. Similarly, it is unclear whether saturated fat (SF) intake influences these metabolic variables.
Impact of Buckwheat Fermented Milk Combined with High-Fat Diet on Rats' Gut Microbiota and Short-Chain Fatty Acids; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of buckwheat fermented milk on intestinal flora and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) of rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Buckwheat fermented milk was made with Lactobacillus plantarum ST-, Lactobacillus bulgaricus, and Streptococcus thermophilus. Thirty-six males C57BL/6 rats (aged 3 weeks and with 9 to 12 g weight) were subjected to a 2-week adaptive period on a normal diet. After a week of acclimatization, the rats were randomly divided into three groups with 12 rats in each group. The high-fat diet with fermented milk (HFDFM) group received HFD supplemented with fermented milk, and the high-fat diet supplemented with buckwheat fermented milk (HFDBFM) group received HFD plus buckwheat fermented milk. Besides, the gavage dose was 0.4 mL/day. After the feedings, colon levels of cytokines and antioxidant indices of the liver, colon, and duodenum tissues were measured. The composition of intestinal flora of rats and the content of SCFAs were determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and Illumina high-throughput sequencing technology. Supplementation with buckwheat fermented milk significantly inhibited the increases in lipopolysaccharide levels in colon and antioxidant indexes in the HFD-fed rats. In addition, buckwheat fermented milk could significantly enhance Firmicutes and decrease Bacteroidetes compared to HFDFM. In addition, SCFA concentrations in HFDBFM were higher than other groups. In conclusion, buckwheat fermented milk can alleviate the damage of HFD to intestinal flora of rats. It modulates microbiota composition and SCFA concentrations to balance the intestinal environment, which will benefit to rats' intestinal health. Practical Application This study explored the effect of buckwheat fermented milk on the regulation of intestinal microflora and SCFAs in rats fed a high-fat diet. It provides new ideas for the development of buckwheat fermented food.
Effect of fortified milk on lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltranferase and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 in hypercholesterolemic adults; Hypercholesterolemia is associated with subclinical inflammation, characterised by elevated proinflammatory mediators. Lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltransferase (lyso-PAF AT) and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) are two key metabolic enzymes of platelet-activating factor (PAF), a potent inflammatory lipid mediator. Little information is available concerning the efficacy of a dietary intervention on the metabolism of PAF. The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of fortified milk on the activity of these enzymes. Forty-three adults (mean age 49.8 +/- 8.1 years) with body mass index <35kg/m2, and total cholesterol >200 but <310mg/dL were randomised to two groups; (i) intervention group received 500mL/day (two glasses) of a low-fat milk fortified with phytosterols, linoleic and alpha linolenic acids, vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, folic acid, magnesium and selenium (n=22), and (ii) placebo group received 500mL/day of a conventional low-fat milk (n=21) for 3 months. Outcome measures were the activities of lyso-PAF AT from leukocytes and serum Lp-PLA2 determined with established methods. None of the activities changed significantly during the study in the intervention group, lyso-PAF AT (95% confidence interval: 1.7, 2.3nmol/min/mg; p=0.246), and Lp-PLA2 (7.8, 5.8nmol/min/mL, p=0.591). No difference was observed between the two groups. In conclusion, daily intake of two glasses of phytosterols, antioxidants, linoleic and linolenic acids via fortified milk for three months had no effect on the activity of either lyso-PAF AT or Lp-PLA2. Practical applications: Platelet-activating factor (PAF) was the first intact phospholipid known to have messenger functions in which the signaling results from the molecule binding to specific receptors on the plasma membrane or other membranes of the cell. It has a number of pro-inflammatory properties, and affects several critical points of atherogenesis including thrombosis, inflammation, and oxidation. Fortification of milk with nutrients that possess anti-inflammatory properties and administration to adults with elevated blood cholesterol could provide a means to controlling inflammatory process through the synthesis and degradation of PAF in a population group at risk for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
Evaluation of the effects of a new fermented milk product (Gaio) on primary hypercholesterolemia; Objective: To verify the effects on the lipid profile of a product of fermented milk (Gaio(R)) in patients with mild to moderate primary hypercholesterolemia.
Two untargeted metabolomics reveals yogurt-associated metabolic alterations in women with multiple metabolic disorders from a randomized controlled study; The beneficial role of yogurt on metabolic profile has been widely reported. Yet, few studies have intended to describe the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt. Yogurt and milk (220 g/d) were given to 48 and 44 obese women with metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease for 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial (registered at http://www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801). Fasting serum samples were collected before and after intervention for global, untargeted metabolomics based on H-1 nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) (in positive and negative ion modes). Multivariable statistical analysis and pathway analysis were conducted. In both H-1 NMR and UPLC-Q-TOF-MS metabolomics, no clustering was observed between the two groups at baseline. While, a clear clustering was shown after intervention, and the yogurt group had significantly different metabolic status from the milk. The metabolites that contributed mostly to class separation were identified, and involved into pathway analysis. Pathways on amino acids metabolism, fatty acid oxidation, cholesterol catabolism and choline metabolism significantly changed after yogurt intervention. The study revealed the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt via two metabolomics approaches, suggesting the potential mechanisms of yogurt against metabolic disorders.
RISK MANAGEMENT OF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE THROUGH MILK ENRICHED WITH STEROLS IN A YOUNG-ADULT POPULATION; RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIAL; Introduction: Hypercholesterolemia is one of the most relevant risk factors in cardiovascular disease, where use of plant sterols one strategy evident.
Feeding rumen-protected lysine altered immune and metabolic biomarkers in dairy cows during the transition period; This experiment was conducted to determine the ef-fects of feeding rumen-protected lysine (RPL; AjiPro-L Generation 3, Ajinomoto Health and Nutrition North America Inc.) from -26 + 4.6 d prepartum (0.54% RPL of dietary dry matter intake) to 28 d postpartum (0.39% RPL of dietary dry matter intake) on immunometabolic status and liver composition in dairy cows. Seventy-five multiparous Holstein cows, blocked by parity, previous 305-d mature-equivalent milk production, expected calving date, and body condition score during the far-off dry period were assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treat-ments in a randomized, complete block design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Treatments prepartum consisted of total mixed ration top dressed with RPL (PRE-L) or without RPL (PRE-C), and postpartum treatments consisted of total mixed ration top dressed PRE-L prepartum and postpartum, PRE-L prepartum and PRE-C postpartum, PRE-C prepartum and PRE-L postpartum, and PRE-C prepartum and postpartum in 300 g of molasses. Blood samples were taken on -7 + 0.5, 0 + 0.5, 7 + 0.9, 14 + 0.9, and 28 + 0.5 d relative to calving. Whole blood samples were taken on -14 + 0.5, -7 + 0.5, 7 + 0.9, and 14 + 0.9 d relative to calving for oxidative burst and phago-cytic capacity of monocytes and neutrophils. Liver samples were collected via a biopsy on -12 + 4.95 and 13 + 2.62 d relative to calving and analyzed for liver composition (triacylglyceride and carnitine concentra-tions), mRNA expression of hepatic genes, and pro-tein abundance. Protein abundance was calculated by normalizing intensity bands for a specific protein with glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase. Concentra-tions of haptoglobin and glutathione peroxidase activ-ity in plasma were lower at d 0 for cows in PRE-L (102 mu g/mL and 339 nmol/min per mL, respectively) compared with cows in PRE-C (165 mu g/mL and 405 nmol/ min per mL, respectively). Oxidative burst capacity in monocytes tended to be greater on d 7 postpartum for cows in PRE-L (65.6%) than cows in PRE-C (57.5%). Additionally, feeding RPL altered the mRNA expres-sion in liver tissue prepartum [decreased INSR (insulin receptor), CPT1A (carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A), and IL1B (interleukin 1 beta)] and postpartum [increased IL8 (interleukin 8), EHMT2 (euchromatic histone ly-sine methyltransferase 2), TSPO (translocator protein), and SLC3A2 (solute carrier family 3 member 2); and decreased SLC7A1 (solute carrier family 7 member 1), SOD1 (superoxide dismutase 1), and SAA3 (serum amyloid A 3)] compared with cows not consuming RPL]. Additionally, cows in the PRE-C prepartum and PRE-L postpartum treatment tended to have greater protein abundance of mTOR postpartum compared with the PRE-C prepartum and postpartum treatment. Protein abundance of SLC7A7 (solute carrier family 7 member 7) pre-and postpartum tended to be greater and BBOX1 (gamma-butyrobetaine dioxygenase 1) tended to be less when RPL was consumed prepar-tum. In conclusion, cows that consumed RPL during the transition period had molecular changes related to liver composition, enhanced liver function indicated by greater total protein and albumin concentrations in plasma, and improved immune status indicated by decreased haptoglobin, glutathione peroxidase activity, and immune related mRNA expression.
The effects of probiotics on total cholesterol A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Probiotics supplements provide a new nonpharmacological alternative to reduce cardiovascular risk factors. The impact of probiotics on the reduction of total cholesterol (TC) remains controversial. We conducted a meta-analysis to showcase the most updated and comprehensive evaluation of the studies.
Plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreases blood cholesterol concentrations in Chinese adults: a randomised controlled trial; The cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterols in a format suitable for use in China have not previously been investigated. We conducted the study to quantify in adult Chinese the effects on blood lipid concentrations of a plant sterol-enriched milk tea powder. The study was a double-blind, randomised trial in which 309 participants were randomised to receive daily 2.3 or 1.5 g plant sterol supplementation or placebo for 5 weeks. The milk tea was consumed with the two fattiest meals of the day with half the assigned daily dose taken on each occasion. Fasting venous blood samples were collected before commencement and upon completion of randomised treatment. The mean age of study participants was 44 years, 62 % were female and 62 % had a history of hypercholesterolaemia. Baseline mean total cholesterol was 5.5 mmol/l and LDL-cholesterol was 3.2 mmol/l. Compared with placebo, the 2.3 g/d plant sterol dose reduced total cholesterol by 0.25 (95 % Cl 0.07, 0.43) mmol/l (P=0.01) and the 1.5 g/d dose by 0.23 (95 % Cl 0.06, 0.41) mmol/l (P=0.01). For LDL-cholesterol the corresponding reductions were 0.17 (95 % Cl 0.00, 0.35) mmolA (P= 0.06) and 0.15 (95 % Cl - 0.02, 0.32) mmol/l (P= 0.08). For neither outcome was there evidence of differences between the effects of the two doses (both P values >0.4). In conclusion, the consumption of plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreased cholesterol concentrations although to a lesser extent than was anticipated. The reason for reduced efficacy is unclear but may be attributable to the novel food format used or the Chinese population studied.
Butter differs from olive oil and sunflower oil in its effects on postprandial lipemia and triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins after single mixed meals in healthy young men; Accumulation of postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins is generated by assimilation of ingested dietary fat and has been increasingly related to atherogenic risk. Nevertheless, the influence of different kinds of dietary fatty acids on postprandial lipid metabolism is not well established, except for (n-3) polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acids. Our goal was to evaluate the effects of test meals containing a common edible fat source of saturated (butter), monounsaturated (olive oil) or (n-6) polyunsaturated (sunflower oil) fatty acids on postprandial lipid and triacylglycerol-rich lipoprotein responses. After a 12-h fast, 10 healthy young men ingested mixed meals containing 0 g (control) or 40 g fat, provided as butter, olive oil or sunflower oil in a random order. Fasting and postmeal blood samples were collected for 7 h. The no-fat test meal did not elicit any change over baseline except for plasma phospholipids, insulin and nonesterified fatty acids. Conversely, the three fat-containing meals elicited bell-shaped postprandial changes (P < 0.05) in serum triacylglycerols, free and esterified cholesterol, and nonesterified fatty acids. The butter meal induced a lower postprandial rise of triacylglycerols in serum and chylomicrons (incremental AUC, mmol(.)h/L: 0.72) than the two unsaturated oils (olive oil: 1.6, sunflower oil: 1.8), which did not differ. Circulating chylomicrons were smaller after the butter meal than after the two vegetable oil meals. The in vitro susceptibility of circulating chylomicrons to hydrolysis by postheparin plasma was higher after sunflower oil than after butter or olive oil. We conclude that butter results in lower postprandial lipemia and chylomicron accumulation in the circulation of young men than olive or sunflower oils after consumption of a single mixed meal.
Effects of TNF receptor blockade on in vitro cell survival and response to negative energy balance in dairy cattle; Background: Associative data and some controlled studies suggest that the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha can induce fatty liver in dairy cattle. However, research demonstrating that TNF alpha is a necessary component in the etiology of bovine fatty liver is lacking. The aim of this work was to evaluate whether blocking TNF alpha signaling with a synthetic cyclic peptide (TNF receptor loop peptide; TRLP) would improve liver metabolic function and reduce triglyceride accumulation during feed restriction.
Hypertriglyceridemia and cardiovascular risk: a cautionary note about metabolic confounding; Triglycerides are the conventional tool to measure VLDLs, whereas LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) is the conventional tool to measure LDLs. Multiple epidemiological studies, including a series of genetically based analyses, have demonstrated that cardiovascular risk is related to triglycerides independently of LDL-C, and this has led to a series of new therapeutic agents designed specifically to reduce plasma triglycerides. The triglyceride hypothesis posits that increased levels of triglycerides increase cardiovascular risk and decreasing plasma triglycerides decreases cardiovascular risk. In this work, we will examine the validity of the triglyceride hypothesis by detailing the biological complexities associated with hypertriglyceridemia, the genetic epidemiological evidence in favor of hypertriglyceridemia, the evidence from the fibrate randomized clinical trials relating triglycerides and clinical outcomes, and the completeness of the evidence from the initial studies of novel mutations and the therapeutic agents based on these mutations that lower triglycerides. Because of the multiple metabolic links between VLDL and LDL, we will try to demonstrate that measuring triglycerides and LDL-C alone are inadequate to document the lipoprotein profile. We will try to demonstrate that apoB must be measured, as well as triglycerides and cholesterol, to have an accurate estimate of lipoprotein status.
Yield, composition, and fatty acid profile of milk from Anglo Nubian goats fed a diet supplemented with vegetable oils; We aimed to evaluate the inclusion of three sources of vegetable oil in the diet of lactating goats on production in 120 days of lactation and the effect of these sources and lactation stage on fortnightly composition and fatty acid profile of goat milk at 20, 50, 80, and 110 days of lactation. A completely randomized design was adopted and 32 Anglo Nubian goats were used, distributed in four treatments: control diet and diets with inclusion of 30 g/kg of dry matter of diet of canola, sunflower, or soybean oil. The dairy production was 182.75 kg, and there was no difference for treatments. Among the constituents, only urea nitrogen was influenced by treatment and presented lower content for control treatment. Day of lactation had an effect on lactose. Defatted dry extract and somatic cell count had a quadratic effect with minimum values around 100 and 33 days of lactation, respectively. The content of urea nitrogen, also with a quadratic effect, was higher at 93 days of lactation. For protein, there was an interaction between treatments and period and, at the end of lactation, its content was increased. The inclusion of vegetable oils promoted reduction in total saturated fatty acids (SFA) and increased the total content of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and conjugated linoleic acid. The proportions MUFA:SFA and PUFA:SFA, the atherogenicity and thrombogenicity indexes, and the relation hypocholesterolemic fatty acids:hypercholesterolemic fatty acids improved with oil addition in animal diets. The addition of vegetable oil to diets for lactating goats improve the fatty acid profile with no impairment on milk production and composition, and the milk from early stages of lactation has better nutritional quality of the lipid fraction.
Combined biotin, folic acid, and vitamin B<sub>12</sub> supplementation given during the transition period to dairy cows: Part I. Effects on lactation performance, energy and protein metabolism, and hormones; Biotin (B-8), folates (B-9), and vitamin B-12 (B-12) are involved and interrelated in several metabolic reactions related to energy and protein metabolism. We hypoth-esized that a low supply of one of the latter vitamins during the transition period would impair metabolic status. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of B-8 supplementation on the response of lacta-tion performance and selected energy and protein me-tabolites and hormones to a combined supplementation of B-9 and B-12 given to periparturient dairy cows, from d -21 to 21 relative to calving. A total of 32 multiparous Holstein cows housed in tie stalls were randomly as-signed, according to their previous 305-d milk yield, to 8 incomplete blocks of 4 treatments: (1) a 2-mL weekly i.m. injection of saline (0.9% NaCl; B-8-/B9B(12)(-)); (2) 20 mg/d of dietary B8 (unprotected from ruminal deg-radation) and 2-mL weekly i.m. injection of 0.9% NaCl (B-8+/B9B12-); (3) 2.6 g/d of dietary B9 (unprotected) and 2-mL weekly i.m. injection of 10 mg of B-12 (B-8-/ B9B12+); and (4) 20 mg/d of dietary B-8, 2.6 g/d of dietary B9, and weekly i.m. injection of 10 mg of B-12 (B-8+/B9B12+) in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. Milk yield and dry matter intake were obtained daily and milk components weekly. Blood samples were taken weekly from d -21 to calving and 3 times per week from calving to 21 d following parturition. Prepartum plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB), and adiponectin were unaffected by treatments. Biotin, B-9, and B-12 supplements increased their respective concen-trations in plasma and milk. Cows fed the B8 supple-ment tended to have lower dry matter intake, but only cows in B8+/B9B12- had greater plasma concentrations of NEFA compared with B-8-/B9B12-. Milk and total solid yields were greater by 13.5 and 13.9%, respec-tively, for B-8-/B9B12+ [45.5 (standard error, SE: 1.8) and 5.81 (0.22) kg/d, respectively] compared with B8-/ B9B12- [40.1 (1.9) and 5.10 (0.23) kg/d, respectively], but these effects were suppressed when combined with the B8 supplement. Cows in the B-8-/B9B12+ group had decreased plasma insulin and tended to have increased NEFA concentrations, but postpartum plasma concen-trations of glucose, BHB, leptin, and adiponectin were not affected. These cows also mobilized more body fat reserves, as suggested by a tendency to increased plasma NEFA and more milk total solids compared with B-8-/ B9B12- cows. However, plasma concentrations of BHB and adiponectin were similar among treatments. This suggests that the B9 and B-12 supplements enhanced ef-ficiency of energy metabolism in early lactation cows. Folic acid and B(12 )supplementation increased postpar-tum plasma Cys and homocysteine concentrations but did not affect plasma Met concentration, suggesting an upregulation of the transsulfuration pathway. In summary, our results showed that, under the current experimental conditions, increasing B8 supply did not improve responses to the B(9 )and B-12 supplementation.
Dairy consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis; AimsTo conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies in order to assess quantitatively the effect of dairy consumption on risk of metabolic syndrome.
Continuous low-dose infusion of tumor necrosis factor alpha in adipose tissue elevates adipose tissue interleukin 10 abundance and fails to alter metabolism in lactating dairy cows; Repeated bolus doses of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) alters systemic metabolism in lactating cows, but whether chronic release of inflammatory cytokines from adipose tissue has similar effects is unclear. Late-lactation Holstein cows (n = 9-10/treatment) were used to evaluate the effects of continuous adipose tissue TNF alpha administration on glucose and fatty acid (FA) metabolism. Cows were blocked by feed intake and milk yield and randomly assigned within block to control or TNF alpha treatments. Treatments (4 mL of saline or 14 mu g/kg of TNF alpha in 4 mL of saline) were infused continuously over 7 d via 2 osmotic pumps implanted in a subcutaneous adipose depot. Plasma, milk samples, milk yield, and feed intake data were collected daily, and plasma glucose turnover rate was measured on d 7. At the end of d 7, pumps were removed and liver and contralateral tail-head adipose biopsies were collected. Results were modeled with the fixed effect of treatment and the random effect of block. Treatment with TNF alpha increased plasma concentrations of the acute phase protein haptoglobin, but did not alter plasma TNF alpha, IL-4, IL-6, or IFN-gamma concentrations, feed intake, or rectal temperature. Milk yield and composition were unchanged, and treatments did not alter the proportion of short- versus long-chain FA in milk on d 7. Treatments did not alter plasma free FA concentration, liver triglyceride content, or plasma glucose turnover rate. Surprisingly, TNF alpha infusion tended to decrease liver TNF alpha and IL-1 receptor 1 mRNA abundance and significantly increased adipose tissue IL-10 protein concentration. Continuous infusion of TNF alpha did not induce the metabolic responses previously observed following bolus doses delivered at the same rate per day. Metabolic homeostasis may have been protected by an adaptive anti-inflammatory response to control systemic inflammation.
Perspective: The Role of Beverages as a Source of Nutrients and Phytonutrients; The Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) provide nutrition advice for Americans >2 y of age. The 2020-2025 DGA proposes a life stage approach, focusing on birth through older adulthood. Limited recommendations for beverages exist except for milk, 100% fruit juice, and alcohol. The goal of this article is to provide a better understanding of the role of beverages in the diet using current scientific evidence. A Medline search of observational studies, randomized controlled trials, and meta-analyses was undertaken using key beverage words. We highlight the role beverages can play as a part of the DGA and considered beverages not traditionally included, such as those that are phytonutrient dense. Our primary consideration for beverage consumption targeted healthy Americans aged >= 2 y. However, with the proposed expansion to the life span for the 2020-2025 DGA, we also reviewed evidence for infants and toddlers from birth to 24 mo. Examples are provided on how minor changes in beverage choices aid in meeting recommended intakes of certain nutrients. Guidance on beverage consumption may aid in development of better consumer products to meet broader dietary advice. For example, beverage products that are nutrient/phytonutrient dense and lower in sugar could be developed as alternatives to 100% juice to help meet the fruit and vegetable guidelines. Although beverages are not meant to replace foods, e.g., it is difficult to meet the requirements for vitamin E, dietary fiber, or essential fatty acids through beverages alone, beverages are important sources of nutrients and phytonutrients, phenolic acids and flavonoids in particular. When considering the micronutrients from diet alone, mean intakes of calcium (in women), potassium, and vitamins A, C, and D are below recommendations and sodium intakes are well above. Careful beverage choices could close these gaps and be considered a part of a healthy dietary pattern.
Effect of low- and high-calcium dairy-based diets on macronutrient oxidation in humans; Objective: Higher calcium and dairy intakes may be associated with lower body weights, but a mechanism in humans has yet to be elucidated. We compared the effects of a dairy-based high-calcium diet and a low-calcium diet on macronutrient oxidation.
Consumption of oat milk for 5 weeks lowers serum cholesterol and LDL cholesterol in free-living men with moderate hypercholesterolemia; The aim of this study was to investigate whether consumption of a newly developed oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber would result in lower serum cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in men with moderate hypercholesterol em ia. The study had a randomized, controlled double-blind design, and oat milk was compared with an identically flavored control drink. Sixty-six men were recruited from a screening program and were randomly assigned to two groups. Each group took either oat milk or a control drink (rice milk) for 5 weeks (0.75 liters/day) and then switched to the other drink regimen for another 5-week period with a 5-week washout period between the test periods. The oat milk contained more dietary fiber, especially P-glucan (0.5 g/100 g), than the control drink (<0.02 g/100 g). Both drinks were well appreciated and got similar sensory evaluation, indicating that the double-blind design had been attained. in the final analysis 52 subjects remained. Compared with the control drink, intake of oat milk resulted in significantly lower serum total cholesterol (6%, p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (6%, p = 0.036) levels. The decrease in LDL cholesterol was more pronounced if the starting value was higher (r = -0.55, p < 0.001). The concentration of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was not significantly different after consumption of the two drinks. Serum triglycerides did not change significantly after intake of oat milk, but a significant increase was observed after intake of the control drink (p = 0.003). It is concluded that also oat milk deprived of insoluble fiber has cholesterol-reducing properties. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Body condition score and plane of nutrition prepartum affect adipose tissue transcriptome regulators of metabolism and inflammation in grazing dairy cows during the transition period; Recent studies demonstrating a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving have challenged the management practice of increasing dietary energy density during the last similar to 3 wk prepartum. Despite our knowledge at the whole-animal level, the tissue-level mechanisms that are altered in response to feeding management prepartum remain unclear. Our hypothesis was that prepartum body condition score (BCS), in combination with feeding management, plays a central role in the peripartum changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Twenty-eight mid-lactation grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: 2 prepartum BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0, based on a 10-point scale; BCS4, BCS5) obtained via differential feeding management during late-lactation, and 2 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75 and 125% of estimated requirements). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was harvested via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction was used to measure mRNA and microRNA (miRNA) expression of targets related to fatty acid metabolism (lipogenesis, lipolysis), adipokine synthesis, and inflammation. Both prepartum BCS and feeding management had a significant effect on mRNA and miRNA expression throughout the peripartum period. Overfed BCS5 cows had the greatest prepartum expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS/V) and an overall greater expression of leptin (LEP); BCS5 was also associated with greater overall adiponectin (ADIPOQ) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), whereas overfeeding upregulated expression of proadipogenic miRNA. Higher postpartum expression of chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) and the cytokines interleukin 6 (IL6) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) was detected in overfed BCS5 cows. Feed-restricted BCS4 cows had the highest overall interleukin 1 (IL1B) expression. Prepartum feed restriction resulted in greater chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) expression. Overall, changes in mRNA expression were consistent with the expression pattern of inflammation-related miRNA. These data shed light on molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of prepartum BCS and feeding management on metabolic and inflammatory status of adipose tissue during the peripartum period. Data support the use of a controlled feed restriction prepartum in optimally conditioned cows, as well as the use of a higher level of dietary energy in under-conditioned cows.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat milk products lower serum total and LDL cholesterol; Background Oil-based matrices enriched with plant stanol esters lower serum LDL cholesterol. The effects of low-fat milk products have been less thoroughly examined.
Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials of Red Meat Consumption in Comparison With Various Comparison Diets on Cardiovascular Risk Factors; BACKGROUND: Findings among randomized controlled trials evaluating the effect of red meat on cardiovascular disease risk factors are inconsistent. We provide an updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on red meat and cardiovascular risk factors and determine whether the relationship depends on the composition of the comparison diet, hypothesizing that plant sources would be relatively beneficial.
Dairy products consumption and metabolic syndrome in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; The association of dairy products consumption with risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been inconsistently reported in observational studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of published observational studies was conducted to quantitatively evaluate this association. Relevant studies were identified by searching PubMed and EMBASE databases and by carefully checking the bibliographies of retrieved full reports and related reviews. Eligible studies were observational studies that investigated the association between dairy products consumption and risk of MetS in adults, with risk estimates available. Random-effects model was assigned to calculate the summary risk estimates. The final analysis included 15 cross-sectional studies, one case-control study and seven prospective cohort studies. Higher dairy consumption significantly reduced MetS by 17% in the cross-sectional/case-control studies (odds ratio = 0.83, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.73-0.94), and by 14% (relative risk [RR] = 0.86, 95% CI, 0.79-0.92) in cohort studies. The inverse dairy-MetS association was consistent in subgroup and sensitivity analyses. The dose-response analysis of the cohort studies conferred a significant 6% (RR = 0.94, 95% CI, 0.90-0.98) reduction in the risk of MetS for each increment in dairy consumption of one serving/d. No significant publication bias was observed. Our findings suggest an inverse dose-response relationship between dairy consumption and risk of MetS.
Milk enriched with phytosterols reduces plasma cholesterol levels in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects; The consumption of plant sterols has been shown to decrease plasma concentrations of cholesterol without adverse effects in human subjects. To evaluate if milk would be a good vehicle for phytosterols to lower plasma levels of cholesterol, we performed a randomized blind study with healthy subjects (n = 22) and hypercholesterolemic patients (n = 19), both groups treated with phytosterol-enriched milk (2 g/d). Another hypercholesterolemic group (n = 15) was used as a control group. Lipid profile and biochemical, hematologic, and hemorheological parameters were deter-mined at the beginning and after 15 and 30 days of milk beverage intake. After 15 days of treatment, healthy individuals showed lowered total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, by 8.31% (P = .05) and 11% (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days of the trial, these values did not change significantly. Hypercholesterolemic patients treated with phytosterol-enriched milk demonstrated significantly diminished levels of total cholesterol and LDL-C concentrations, by 9.62% (P < .05) and 12.20 % (P < .05), respectively. After 30 days, an increase in the total cholesterol and LDL-C levels was observed for hypercholesterolemic subjects, 6.69% (P < .05) and 8.68% (P < .05), respectively. In the hypercholesterolemic control subjects, no difference was found between plasma levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and LDL-C. Only healthy subjects showed significant changes during the intake of phytosterol-enriched milk. The results obtained indicate that phytosterol-enriched milk is a good vehicle for reducing plasma cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic subjects. (c) 2007 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects of Sesame Butter (Ardeh) versus Sesame Oil on Metabolic and Oxidative Stress Markers in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats; Background: Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders and is related to oxidative-stress-induced diseases. Given the role of dietary antioxidants in the control and prevention of diabetes, this study aimed to examine the effects of sesame butter versus sesame oil on the serum levels of glucose, lipid profile, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic rats.
Feed restriction to induce and meloxicam to mitigate potential systemic inflammation in dairy cows before calving; Most dairy cows experience a transient decrease in feed intake in the 1 to 2 wk before calving, which has been associated with systemic inflammation (SI), indicated by increased blood haptoglobin (Hp) concentration. We aimed to characterize the association between prepartum decrease in feed intake and the onset of SI and, if present, the ability of meloxicam (MEL), a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, to mitigate SI. Holstein cows (n = 45) were assigned to control (n = 13), feed restriction (FR) untreated (FR-U; n = 15), and FR treated with MEL (FR-T; n = 17) groups. Daily feed intake was measured from -22 d from expected parturition until 35 d postpartum. Control cows were fed ad libitum, whereas FR-U and FR-T cows were reduced to 60% of their average intake for 4 consecutive days (-15 to -12 d from expected calving). The FR-T cows received MEL (0.5 mg/kg of body weight) once daily for 4 consecutive days (-13 to -10 d from expected calving). Blood samples were collected -22, -15, -14, 13, -12, -10, -7, -5, -3, 0, 1, 3, 5, 7, 15, 22, and 35 d relative to calving to measure serum concentrations of total calcium, total protein, albumin, globulin, cholesterol, urea, glucose, gamma-glutamyl transferase, aspartate aminotransferase, glutamate dehydrogenase, beta-hydroxybutyrate, nonesterified fatty acids, Hp, and insulin-like growth factor-1. Serum concentrations of lipopolysaccharide-binding protein were measured -22, -15, -14, -13, -12, and -10 d from expected calving. Simplified glucose tolerance tests were performed on -15, -12, -5, 1, and 5 d relative to calving. Mixed linear regression models were used to assess the effects of FR and MEL on each metabolite. The interaction between treatment group and blood sampling day was forced into each model. All models accounted for body condition score, parity, and the cow as a random effect. Nonesterified fatty acids concentrations in both the FR-li and FR-T groups significantly increased from the second until the last day of FR. Feed restriction increased urea concentrations compared with the control group on -14 d but decreased urea concentrations on -10 d from expected calving. Control cows had greater beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations compared with FR cows on 15, 21, and 35 d postpartum. For all other metabolites, no differences were found. This model of FR produced substantial fat mobilization but based on serum Hp and lipopolysaccharide-binding protein concentrations did not generate measurable SI; therefore, we were unable to evaluate the ability of MEL to mitigate SI.
Food Groups and Risk of Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to summarize the evidence on the relation of the intakes of 12 major food groups, including whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with the risk of hypertension. PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science were searched systematically until June 2017 for prospective studies having quantitatively investigated the above-mentioned foods. We conducted meta-analysis on the highest compared with the lowest intake categories and linear and nonlinear dose-response meta-analyses to analyze the association. Summary RRs and 95% CIs were estimated by using a random-effects model. Overall, 28 reports were included in the meta-analysis. An inverse association for the risk of hypertension was observed for 30 g whole grains/d (RR: 0.92; 95% CI: 0.87, 0.98), 100 g fruits/d (RR: 0.97; 95% CI: 0.96, 0.99), 28 g nuts/d (RR: 0.70; 95% CI: 0.45, 1.08), and 200 g dairy/d (RR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.94, 0.97), whereas a positive association for 100 g red meat/d (RR: 1.14; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.28), 50 g processed meat/d (RR: 1.12; 95% CI: 1.00, 1.26), and 250 mL SSB/d (RR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.10) was seen in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. Indication for nonlinear relations of the intakes of whole grains, fruits, fish, and processed meats with the risk of hypertension was detected. In summary, this comprehensive dose-response meta-analysis of 28 reports identified optimal intakes of whole grains, fruits, nuts, legumes, dairy, red and processed meats, and SSBs related to the risk of hypertension. These findings need to be seen under the light of very-low to low quality of meta-evidence. However, the findings support the current dietary guidelines in the prevention of hypertension.
Lipolysis inhibition as a treatment of clinical ketosis in dairy cows: A randomized clinical trial; Excessive and protracted lipolysis in adipose tissues of dairy cows is a major risk factor for clinical ketosis (CK). This metabolic disease is common in postpartum cows when lipolysis provides fatty acids as an energy substrate to offset negative energy balance. Lipolysis in cows can be induced by the canonical (hormonally induced) and inflammatory pathways. Current treat-ments for CK focus on improving glucose in blood (i.e., oral propylene glycol [PG], or i.v. dextrose). However, these therapies do not inhibit the canonical and inflam-matory lipolytic pathways. Niacin (NIA) can reduce activation of the canonical pathway. Blocking inflam-matory responses with cyclooxygenase inhibitors such as flunixin meglumine (FM) can inhibit inflammatory lipolytic activity. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of including NIA and FM in the standard PG treatment for postpartum CK on circulat-ing concentrations of ketone bodies. A 4-group, parallel, individually randomized trial was conducted in mul-tiparous Jersey cows (n = 80) from a commercial dairy in Michigan during a 7-mo period. Eligible cows had CK symptoms (lethargy, depressed appetite, and milk yield) and hyperketonemia (blood beta-hydroxybutyrate [BHB] >= 1.2 mmol/L). Cows with CK were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups where the first group received 310 g of oral PG once per day for 5 d; the second group received PG for 5 d + 24 g of oral NIA once per day for 3 d (PGNIA); and the third group received PG for 5 d + NIA for 3 d + 1.1 mg/kg i.v. FM once per day for 3 d (PGNIAFM). The control group consisted of cows that were clinically healthy (HC; untreated; BHB <1.2 mmol/L, n = 27) matching for parity and DIM with all 3 groups. Animals were sampled at enrollment (d 0), and d 3, 7, and 14 to evaluate ketone bodies and circulating metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers. Effects of treatment, sampling day, and their interac-tions were evaluated using mixed effects models. Logis-tic regression was used to calculate the odds ratio (OR) of returning to normoketonemia (BHB <1.2 mmol/L). Compared with HC, enrolled CK cows exhibited higher blood concentrations of dyslipidemia markers, includ-ing nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and BHB, and lower glucose and insulin levels. Cows with CK also had increased levels of biomarkers of pain (substance P), inflammation, including lipopolysaccharide-binding protein, haptoglobin, and serum amyloid A, and pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-4, MCP-1, MIP-1 alpha, and TNF alpha. Importantly, 72.2% of CK cows presented en-dotoxemia and had higher circulating bacterial DNA compared with HC. By d 7, the percentage of cows with normoketonemia were higher in PGNIAFM = 87.5%, compared with PG = 58.33%, and PGNIA = 62.5%. At d 7 the OR for normoketonemia in PGNIAFM cows were 1.5 (95% CI, 1.03-2.17) and 1.4 (95% CI, 0.99- 1.97) relative to PG and PGNIA, respectively. At d 3, 7, and 14, PGNIAFM cows presented the lowest values of BHB (PG = 1.36; PGNIA = 1.24; PGNIAFM = 0.89 +/- 0.13 mmol/L), NEFA (PG = 0.58; PGNIA = 0.59; PGNIAFM = 0.45 +/- 0.02 mmol/L), and acute phase proteins. Cows in PGNIAFM also presented the highest blood glucose increment across time points and insulin by d 7. These data provide evidence that bacteremia or endotoxemia, systemic inflammation, and pain may play a crucial role in CK pathogenesis. Additionally, targeting lipolysis and inflammation with NIA and FM during CK effectively reduces dyslipidemia biomark-ers, improves glycemia, and improves overall clinical recovery.
Efficacy of Probiotic Milk Formula on Blood Lipid and Intestinal Function in Mild Hypercholesterolemic Volunteers: A Placebo-control, Randomized Clinical Trial; Several studies have reported that probiotics could modulate host lipid metabolism via altering the intestinal microbiota. Hence, the current study was aimed to assess the efficacy of a mixture of probiotic-contained milk formula (PMF) with three different bacterial strains [Lactobacillus acidophilus (La5), Lactobacillus casei (TMC), Bifidobacterium lactis (Bb12)] on lipid profile and intestinal function in healthy mild hypercholesterolemic volunteers. Totally, 40 healthy mild hypercholesterolemic subjects (180-220 mg/dL) were randomly assigned into two groups as placebo or experimental group. All the subjects were requested to drink either PMF (experimental) or skimmed milk drink formula-placebo (30 g mixed with 200 mL of water) for 10 weeks and continued by 2 weeks of the follow-up period. Supplementation of PMF for 10 weeks significantly improved (p < 0.05) the fecal weight, fecal movement (decreased fecal gastrointestinal passing time) by improving intestinal microbiota (increasing beneficial bacterial species like Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium spp.), and lag time of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation. Also, intake of PMF substantially reduced (p < 0.05) the levels of total cholesterol (TC; 8.1%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c; 10.4%) and thus showcasing its cardioprotective efficacy. PMF considerably improves gastrointestinal function by modulating fecal movement, intestinal microbiota, and decrease cholesterol and might be helpful in the management of hypercholesterolemia.
Oxidative stability of milk and expression of oxidative stress response, lipogenic-related, and IGF-1 genes in early-lactation cows supplemented with peanut and sunflower oils; Context. Feeding dairy cows with plant oils rich in unsaturated fatty acids is a recommended strategy for increasing the proportion of polyunsaturated fatty acids in milk for human consumption. Aims. We evaluated the effects of supplementation with peanut oil (high oleic acid content) and sunflower oil (high linoleic acid content) on the fatty acid profile and oxidative stability of milk and the expression of oxidative stress response, lipogenic-related and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) genes in pasture-fed Jersey cows in early lactation. Methods. Twenty-four cows were distributed in a randomised block design. Treatments were four dietary supplements of concentrate alone, or concentrate plus oil (59.6 g/kg dry matter): peanut oil, sunflower oil, or a 1:1 (v/v) mixture of peanut and sunflower oils. Analyses were performed at 30 and 60 days in milk. Key results. Both peanut oil and mixed oil diets increased the hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic ratio (P < 0.001) and health-promoting index (P < 0.001) of milk. The sunflower oil diet increased the thrombogenicity index (P = 0.005) and conjugated diene production (P < 0.001). mRNA abundance of fatty acid synthase (P = 0.003), acetyl-CoA carboxylase alpha (P = 0.001), and stearoyl-CoA desaturase (P < 0.001) decreased with the sunflower oil diet. mRNA abundance of superoxide dismutase decreased (P = 0.01) with sunflower oil and mixed oil diets. The control diet tended (P = 0.08) to reduce IGF-1 mRNA abundance. Conclusions and implications. Supplementation with peanut oil increases the health-promoting index of milk, whereas supplementation with sunflower oil increases susceptibility to lipid peroxidation. Supplementation with sunflower oil reduces the expression of lipogenic and antioxidant enzyme genes, and supplementation with unsaturated fats may reduce IGF-1 gene expression in early-lactation cows. The relatively small sample size means that more studies are needed.
Lipolysis inhibition as a treatment of clinical ketosis in dairy cows: Effects on adipose tissue metabolic and immune responses; Dairy cows with clinical ketosis (CK) exhibit excessive adipose tissue (AT) lipolysis and systemic inflammation. Lipolysis in cows can be induced by the canonical (hormonally induced) and inflammatory lipolytic pathways. Currently, the most common treatment for CK is oral propylene glycol (PG); however, PG does not reduce lipolysis or inflammation. Niacin (NIA) can reduce the activation of canonical lipolysis, whereas cyclooxygenase inhibitors such as flunixin meglumine (FM) can limit inflammation and inhibit the inflammatory lipolytic pathway. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of including NIA and FM in the standard PG treatment for postpartum CK on AT function. Multiparous Jersey cows (n = 18; 7.1 +/- 3.8 DIM) were selected from a commercial dairy. Inclusion criteria were CK symptoms (lethargy, depressed appetite, and drop in milk yield) and high blood levels of BHB (>= 1.2 mmol/L). Cows with CK were randomly assigned to one of 3 treatments: (1) PG: 310 g administered orally once per day for 5 d, (2) PG+NIA: 24 g administered orally once per day for 3 d, and (3) PG+NIA+FM: 1.1 mg/kg administered IV once per day for 3 d. Healthy control cows (HC; n = 6) matched by lactation and DIM (+/- 2 d) were sampled. Subcutaneous AT explants were collected at d 0 and d 7 relative to enrollment. To assess AT insulin sensitivity, explants were treated with insulin (1 mu L/L) during lipolysis stimulation with a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist (isoproterenol, 1 mu M). Lipolysis was quantified by glycerol release in the media. Lipid mobilization and inflammatory gene networks were evaluated using quantitative PCR. Protein biomarkers of lipolysis, insulin signaling, and AT inflammation, including hormone -sensitive lipase, protein kinase B (Akt), and ERK1/2, were quantified by capillary immunoassays. Flow cytometry of AT cellular components was used to characterize macrophage inflammatory phenotypes. Statistical significance was determined by a nonparametric t -test when 2 groups (HC vs. CK) were analyzed and an ANOVA test with Tukey adjustment when 3 treatment groups (PG vs. PG+NIA vs. PG+NIA+FM) were evaluated. At d 0, AT from CK cows showed higher mRNA expression of lipolytic enzymes ABHD5 , LIPE , and LPL , as well as increased phosphorylation of hormone -sensitive lipase compared with HC. At d 0, insulin reduced lipolysis by 41% +/- 8% in AT from HC, but CK cows were unresponsive (-2.9 +/- 4%). Adipose tissue from CK cows exhibited reduced Akt phosphorylation compared with HC. Cows with CK had increased AT expression of inflammatory gene markers, including CCL2 , IL8 , IL10 , TLR4 , and TNF, along with ERK1/2 phosphorylation. Adipose tissue from CK cows showed increased macrophage infiltration compared with HC. By d 7, AT from PG+NIA+FM cows had a more robust response to insulin, as evidenced by reduced glycerol release (36.5% +/- 8% compared with PG at 26.9% +/- 7% and PG+NIA at 7.4% +/- 8%) and enhanced phosphorylation of Akt. By d 7, PG+NIA+FM cows presented lower inflammatory markers, including ERK1/2 phosphorylation, and reduced macrophage infiltration, compared with PG and PG+NIA. These data suggest that including NIA and FM in CK treatment improves AT insulin sensitivity and reduces AT inflammation and macrophage infiltration.
Different energy sources during the primiparous dairy cow transition period and its effects on blood metabolites and hormones; The aim of this study was to compare the effects of glycogenic supply or lipogenic diets on blood metabolites and hormones in primiparous dairy cows (n=40) during the transition period. The animals were randomly assigned to four treatments: control, calcium salts of polyunsaturated fatty acids (Megalac-E, 100g prepartum and 250g postpartum), roasted soybeans (400g prepartum and 800g postpartum) and propylene glycol (300ml pre-and postpartum). The supplements were provided individually. Blood samples were taken to determine plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and IGF-I. The glucose and insulin concentrations were higher in calcium salts of polyunsaturated fatty acids treatment. The highest concentration of NEFA was observed in the control group. The plasma concentrations of IGF-I were higher for the treatments with lipogenic supplements. Adding calcium salts of polyunsaturated fatty acids diet was able to ease the hormonal and metabolic changes of the transition period features.
Discovery of different metabotypes in overconditioned dairy cows by means of machine learning; Using data front targeted metabolomics in serum in combination with machine learning (ML) approaches, we aimed at (1) identifying divergent metabotypes in overconditioned cows and at (2) exploring how metabotypes are associated with lactation performance, blood metabolites, and hormones. In a previously established animal model, 38 pregnant multiparous Holstein cows were assigned to 2 groups that were fed differently to reach either high (HBCS) or normal (NBCS) body condition score (BCS) and backfat thickness (BFT) until dryoff at -49 d before calving [NBCS: BCS < 3.5 (3.02 +/- 0.24) and BFT < 1.2 cm (0.92 +/- 0.21), mean +/- SD; HBCS: BCS > 3.75 (3.82 +/- 0.33) and BFT > 1.4 cm (2.36 +/- 0.35)]. Cows were then fed the same diets during the dry period and the subsequent lactation, and maintained the differences in BFT and BCS throughout the study. Blood samples were collected weekly from 7 wk antepartum (ap) to 12 wk postpartum (pp) to assess serum concentrations of metabolites (by targeted metabolomics and by classical analyses) and metabolic hormones. Metabolic clustering by applying 4 supervised ML-based classifiers [sequential minimal optimization (SMO), random forest (RF), alternating decision tree (ADTree), and naive Bayes-updatable (NB)] on the changes (d 21 pp minus d 49 ap) in concentrations of 170 serum metabolites resulted in 4 distinct metabolic clusters: HBCS predicted HBCS (HBCS-PH, n = 13), HBCS predicted NBCS (HBCS-PN, n = 6), NBCS predicted NBCS (NBCS-PN, n = 15), and NBCS predicted IIBCS (NBCS-PH, n = 4). The accuracies of SMO, RF, ADTree, and NB classifiers were >70%. Because the number of NBCS-PH cows was low, we did not consider this group for further comparisons. Dry rnatter intake (kg/d and percentage of body weight) and energy intake were greater in HBCS-PN than in HBCS-PH in early lactation, and HBCS-PN also reached a positive energy balance earlier than did HBCS-PH. Milk yield was not different between groups, but milk protein percentage was greater in IMCS-PN than in HBCS-PH cows. The circulating concentrations of fatty acids (FA) increased during early lactation in both groups, but HBCS-PN cows had lower concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate, indicating lower ketogenesis compared with HBCS-PH cows. The concentrations of insulin, insulin-like growth factor 1, leptin, adiponectin, haptoglobin, glucose, and revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index did not differ between the groups, whereas serum concentrations of glycerophospholipids were lower before calving in HBCS-PH than in HBCS-PN cows. Glycine was the only amino acid that had higher concentration after calving in HBCS-PH than in HBCS-PN cows. The circulating concentrations of some short- (C2, C3, and C4) and long-chain (C12, C16:0, C18:0, and C18:1) acylcarnitines on d 21 pp were greater in HBCS-PH than in HBCS-PN cows, indicating incomplete FA oxidation. In conclusion, the use of ML approaches involving data front targeted metabolomics in serum is a promising method for differentiating divergent metabotypes from apparently similar BCS phenotypes. Further investigations, using larger numbers of cows and farms, are warranted for confirmation of this finding.
Postprandial Fatty Acid Profile, but Not Cardiometabolic Risk Markers, Is Modulated by Dairy Fat Manipulation in Adults with Moderate Cardiovascular Disease Risk: The Randomized Controlled REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol (RESET) Study; Background: Chronic consumption of dairy products with an SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched content was shown to impact favorably on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD). However, their acute effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk biomarkers requires investigation.
Long-term use of probiotics for the management of office and ambulatory blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Previous studies showed a controversial result on the relationship between probiotics treatment duration and blood pressure (BP). The present meta-analysis is performed to summarize the effects of long-term (>= 8 weeks) use of probiotics on office and ambulatory BP using combined evidence from randomized, controlled trials. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane library, and the ClinicalTrials.gov till January, 2021 to identify eligible articles. Primary outcomes were changes in office BP. In the presence of heterogeneity, a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Begg's funnel plots and Egger's regression test were used to assess the publication bias. Meta-analysis of 26 trials in 1624 participants demonstrated that probiotic consumption significantly decreased office systolic BP by 2.18 mmHg (95% confidence interval [CI], -3.41 to -0.94 mmHg) and diastolic BP by 1.07 mmHg (95% CI, -1.72 to -0.41 mmHg). The analysis on ambulatory BP from three trials showed a similar reduction by -2.35/-1.61 mmHg (p <=.052). Subgroup analysis in hypertensive and diabetic patients showed a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic BP (p <= .02). The reductions in diabetic and hypertensive patients were comparatively larger than nondiabetic and normotensive patients (p >=.052). With the increase of age, baseline body mass index (BMI), treatment duration, and systolic BR the effects of probiotics on BP did not increase significantly (p(trend) >=.18). The present meta-analysis suggests a beneficial effect of probiotics on BP by a modest degree, especially in the diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Prolonging the treatment duration could not improve the antihypertensive effect.
Fortification of vitamin A in a phytosterol enriched milk maintains plasma beta-carotene levels; The aim of the current study was to investigate if the supplementation of vitamin A via a phytosterol enriched low-fat milk could prevent the reduction of plasma beta-carotene concentrations than often occurs after plant sterols' or stanols' intake. A sample of 108 hypercholesterolaemic adults (40-60 years old) was randomized to an enriched milk group that contained among other nutrients phytosterols (0.5 g/100 ml) and vitamin A (111 mu g/100 ml) (EMG: n=40), a placebo plain milk group (PMG: n=37), and a control group (CG: n=31) following their usual diet; the EMG and the PMG consumed 500 ml milk per day and in order to ensure compliance with the intervention scheme, attended health and nutrition counselling sessions biweekly over a 3-month period. Dietary intake of vitamin A significantly increased in the EMG compared to the PMG and the CG (P<0.001) and all groups significantly increased their vegetable consumption. However, no significant differences were found among groups regarding changes in dietary intake of beta-carotene and consumption of fruits. Regarding biochemical indices, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and apolipoprotein-B decreased significantly within all study groups, with the decreases being significantly higher in the EMG compared to the CG (-25.4 vs. -9.9; -21.7 vs. -8.2 and -13.2 vs. -3.4 mg/dl, respectively; P<0.05). Plasma concentrations of beta-carotene did not change in any of the three groups. Extra fortification of a phytosterol enriched milk with vitamin A seems to be useful in maintaining plasma beta-carotene levels of hypercholesterolemic adults after consumption of 2.5 g/d of phytosterols over a 3-month intervention period.
Consumption of Sugar-Sweetened Beverages in Relation to the Metabolic Syndrome among Iranian Adults; Background: Few data are available linking intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with the metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, findings from these studies are inconsistent and most are from Western societies; no information is available in this regard from Middle Eastern populations. Objective : This study was conducted to assess the relationship between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome in an Iranian adult population. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, data from 1,752 people (782 men and 970 women) that were selected with the multistage cluster random sampling method from three counties of Isfahan, Najafabad and Arak were used. A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to assess participants' usual dietary intakes. Consumption of SSBs was calculated by summing up the consumption of 'soft drinks' and 'artificially sweetened fruit juices'. To categorize participants, we used three levels of SSB consumption: <1 time/week, 1-3 times/week, and >3 times/week. Biochemical assessments were done after an overnight fasting. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. Results: Subjects with high consumption of SSBs (>3 times/week) were younger than those with low consumption (<1 time/week). Mean BMI was not significantly different across SSB categories. High consumption of SSBs was associated with greater intakes of energy and almost all food groups. We found a significant difference in serum triglyceride levels between men consuming SSBs 1-3 times/week and those consuming <1 time/week. However, after controlling for potential confounders, this association disappeared. In crude models, no significant associations were found between SSB intake and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in either gender. After adjustment for potential confounders including BMI, we found that men in the top category of SSB intake were 17% more likely to have the metabolic syndrome (odds ratio (OR) 1.17; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.56-2.46), while women in the highest category were 20% less likely to have the syndrome (OR 0.80; 95% CI 0.46-1.42) as compared with those in the bottom category. However, these associations were not significant in either men or women. Conclusion: Our results do not support the previous findings on the association between SSB consumption and metabolic syndrome. Prospective studies are needed to further explore for this association. Copyright (c) 2012 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg
Conjoint regulation of glucagon concentrations via plasma insulin and glucose in dairy cows; Insulin and glucagon are glucoregulatory hormones that contribute to glucose homeostasis. Plasma insulin is elevated during normoglycemia or hyperglycemia and acts as a suppressor of glucagon secretion. We have investigated if and how insulin and glucose contribute to the regulation of glucagon secretion through long term (48 h) elevated insulin concentrations during simultaneous hypoglycemia or euglycemia in mid-lactating dairy cows. Nineteen Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned to 3 treatment groups: an intravenous insulin infusion (HypoG, n = 5) to decrease plasma glucose concentrations (2.5 mmol/L), a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp to study effects of insulin at simultaneously normal glucose concentrations (EuG, n = 6) and a 0.9% saline infusion (NaCl, n = 8). Plasma glucose was measured at 5-min intervals, and insulin and glucose infusion rates were adjusted accordingly. Area under the curve of hourly glucose, insulin, and glucagon concentrations on day 2 of infusion was evaluated by analysis of variance with treatments as fixed effect. Insulin infusion caused an increase of plasma insulin area under the curve (AUC)/h in HypoG (41.9 +/- 8.1 mU/L) and EuG (57.8 +/- 7.8 mU/L) compared with NaCl (13.9 +/- 1.1 mU/L; P < 0.01). Induced hyperinsulinemia caused a decline of plasma glucose AUC/h to 2.3 +/- 0.1 mmol/L in HypoG (P < 0.01), whereas plasma glucose AUC/h remained unchanged in EuG (3.8 +/- 0.2 mmol/L) and NaCI (4.1 +/- 0.1 mmol/L). Plasma glucagon AUC/h was lower in EuG (84.0 +/- 6.3 pg/mL; P < 0.05) and elevated in HypoG (129.0 +/- 7.0 pg/mL; P < 0.01) as compared with NaCI (106.1 +/- 5.4 pg/mL). The results show that intravenous insulin infusion induces elevated glucagon concentrations during hypoglycemia, although the same insulin infusion reduces glucagon concentrations at simultaneously normal glucose concentrations. Thus, insulin does not generally have an inhibitory effect on glucagon concentrations. If simultaneously glucose is low and insulin is high, glucagon is upregulated to increase glucose availability. Therefore, insulin and glucose are conjoint regulatory factors of glucagon concentrations in dairy cows, and the plasma glucose status is the key factor to decide if its concentrations are increased or decreased. This regulatory effect can be important for the maintenance of glucose homeostasis if insulin secretion is upregulated by other factors than high glucose such as high plasma lipid and protein concentrations at simultaneously low glucose. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Use Efficiency of Phosphorus in Organomineral Fertilization Systems; AimThe aim of this study was to determine the agronomic, physiological and recovery efficiency of phosphorus in the transition from conventional agriculture to organic agriculture of organomineral fertilizers, which are formed by combining different levels of phosphorus fertilizers and dairy manures at different rates.Materials and MethodsThe study was carried out between 2019 and 2021 during the two wheat growing season in S & ouml;ke county of Ayd & imath;n province in the Southwest of T & uuml;rkiye. In the study, excluding the control (P0), 4 different levels of phosphorus (P1:10, P2:20, P3:30, and P4:40 kg P ha-1) and 4 different doses of dairy manure (DM1:10, DM2:20, DM3:30, and DM4:40 t ha-1) and 16 different organomineral fertilizer combinations were composed. The fertilizer combinations composed were divided into four sub-organomineral fertilization systems (OMF1, OMF2, OMF3, and OMF4). The study was carried out in three replications according to the randomized block design.ResultsIn the study, according to the averages of both years, the highest agronomic, physiological and recovery efficiency (AE, PE, and RE) was determined as 29.5 kg kg-1, 175.0 kg kg-1 and 16.9% in DM1P1 application (OMF1 system), respectively. The lowest agronomic, physiological and recovery efficiency were recorded as 21.2 kg kg-1, 163.4 kg kg-1 and 13.0% in DM4P4 application (OMF4 system), respectively. As a result, organomineral fertilizers reduced the agronomic, physiological and recovery efficiency of phosphorus by 28.1%, 8.2% and 23.1%, respectively.ConclusionsFinally, it was concluded that the fertilizer use efficiency increased as the amount of phosphorus applied to compose with organomineral fertilizers decreased.
The effect of soy protein with or without isoflavones relative to milk protein on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women; Background: Clinical trial data and the results of a meta-analysis suggest a hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein. The effect may be partially attributable to the isoflavones in soy. Few studies have examined the separate effects of soy protein and isoflavones.
Safety aspects and cholesterol-lowering efficacy of low fat dairy products containing plant sterols; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate whether a plant sterol mixture would reduce serum cholesterol when added to low fat dairy products in subjects with hypercholesterolaemia, and to examine the effects of the mixture on the serum plant sterol and fat-soluble vitamin levels.
Dietary leucine improves whole-body insulin sensitivity independent of body fat in diet-induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats; Dairy foods and dietary calcium (Ca) are potential regulators of body weight and insulin sensitivity. The specific components of dairy responsible for these actions are not known but may include leucine. Our objective was to determine the effect of dietary protein (casein, skim milk or leucine) and Ca level [low, 0.67% (LC) or high, 2.4% (HC)] on adiposity and insulin sensitivity. Obesity was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats with a 6-week period of high-fat/high-sucrose (HFHS) diet intake. Rats were randomly assigned to one of six HFHS diets for 8 weeks where dietary protein was provided as casein, skim milk or casein enriched with leucine, and contained either LC or HC. Body composition via dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp were measured. Microarray was used to assess gene expression in liver and skeletal muscle. Rats fed leucine had greater insulin sensitivity than those fed casein or skim milk (P<.05). Dietary protein differentially regulated hepatic and skeletal muscle genes associated with insulin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and mammalian target of rapamycin pathways. Specifically, two key genes responsible for insulin sensitivity, hepatic insulin receptor substrate (IRS) and protein kinase B (Akt), were altered in hepatic tissue in response to leucine. Rats fed skim milk and leucine diets had lower body weight compared to those fed casein (P<.05). HC reduced fat mass compared to LC (P<.05). While skim milk and leucine both reduced fat mass, only leucine improved insulin sensitivity compared to casein. Differential expression of genes such as IRS and Akt may be responsible for changes in insulin sensitivity in obese rats. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Daily Consumption of Synbiotic Yogurt Decreases Liver Steatosis in Patients with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease in developed and developing countries. The use of synbiotics has been proposed as a probable management strategy for patients with NAFLD.
Impact of oral administration of Karish cheese on reduction of the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats fed high fructose diet; This study was carried out to evaluate the protective effect of two different types of Karish cheese, differing in starter culture used, against development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in rat model. For that purpose, Wister rats were randomized into three groups; rats in the control group were fed high fructose (70%) diet while rats in experimental groups were fed the same diet mixed with 10 % of Karish cheese containing Streptococcus thermophilus NRRL-B-41401 (group II) or Karish cheese containing Lactobacillus acidophilus NRRL-B-4495 and Bifidobacterium longum NRRL-B-41409 with the same strain of Streptococcus thermophilus (group III). After five weeks of intervention, levels of plasma triglycerides, cholesterol, glucose, liver biomarkers (ALT and AST), interleukin (IL)-6, fecal enterobacteriaceae and hepatic index were significantly (p < 0.05) increased in rats in control group as compared to rats in both experimental groups. Also, levels of plasma liver markers, lipid profile, glucose and IL-6 were significantly lower in rats of group III than rats in group II. Furthermore, levels of plasma IL-10 were significantly increased in the experimental groups as compared to rats in control group. Results of this study indicated that eating probiotic Karish cheese decrease the risk of NAFLD through (I) blocking the inflammation process that associated with NAFLD, (II) enhancement of lipid profiles and (III) decreasing the levels of fecal enterobacteriaceae in rats. Indeed, extensive research on molecular mechanisms of health benefits of Karish cheese is still needed.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and fat on cell cholesterol transfer to postprandial plasma in hyperlipidemic men; Postprandial chylomicrons are potent ultimate acceptors of cell membrane cholesterol and are believed to accelerate reverse cholesterol transport (RCT). We compared the effects of meals rich in polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) and either high (605 mg) or low (151 mg) in cholesterol and a meal rich in dairy fat (DF) in the form of cream on net in vitro transport of red blood cell (RBC) membrane cholesterol to 4 and 6 h postprandial plasma in eight normotriglyceridemic (NTG-H) and eight hypertriglyceridemic (HTG-H) men with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia. In HTG-H men, cell cholesterol accumulation in 6-h postprandial plasma was significantly (P = 0.02) less after the PUFA-HC meal compared with the other meals. The significant (P < 0.001) increase in cell plus endogenous cholesterol accumulation in the triglyceride-rich lipoprotein (TRL) fraction of 4 h postprandial plasma incubated with RBC was significantly (P = 0.007) higher after the PUFA-HC meal compared with DF meal in HTG-H men. In NTG-H men, cholesterol accumulation in plasma and plasma lipoproteins in the presence and absence of RBC was not significantly affected by the type of meal ingested. These data suggest that addition of large amounts of cholesterol to a PUFA meal may impair diffusion-mediated transport of cell membrane cholesterol to postprandial plasma and that replacing DF with PUFA in a meal increases postprandial lipemia and may potentially increase cholesterol accumulation in atherogenic postprandial TRL in HTG-H men.
French-fried potato consumption and energy balance: a randomized controlled trial; Background Epidemiologic observations suggest increased potato consumption correlates with weight gain, adiposity, and diabetes risk, whereas nut consumption is associated with weight control and metabolic health. Randomized controlled trial (RCT) data indicate humans respond to changes in energy intake in single dietary components and compensate for extra energy consumed. Objectives We completed an RCT testing whether increased daily potato consumption influences energy balance [specifically, fat mass (FM)] compared with calorie-matched almond consumption. Methods A 30-d RCT of 180 adults prescribed calorie-matched (300 kcal/d, n = 60 participants/group) than consumed 1 of the following: 1) almonds (almond group), 2) French fries (potato group), or 3) French fries with herb/spices mix (potato + herb/spices group). Baseline and 30-d FM were measured by DXA (primary outcome), with secondary outcomes including body weight and carbohydrate metabolism markers [glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose and insulin, HOMA-IR)]. A subset of 5 participants/group participated in a postprandial meal-based tolerance test. Results A total of 180 participants were randomly assigned [gender: 67.8% female; mean +/- SD age: 30.4 +/- 8.7 y; BMI (in kg/m(2)): 26.1 +/- 4.2; and weight: 75.6 +/- 15.4 kg], with 12 dropouts and 3 terminations. No significantly different FM changes were observed between almond and potato consumption [combined +/- herb/spices; mean +/- SE almond: 230.87 +/- 114.01 g; potato: 123.73 +/- 86.09 g; P = 0.443], fasting glucose (P = 0.985), insulin (P = 0.082), HOMA-IR (P = 0.080), or HbA1c (P = 0.269). Body weight change was not significantly different in the potato groups combined compared with the almond group (P = 0.116), but was significantly different among the 3 groups (P = 0.014; almond: 0.49 +/- 0.20 kg; potato: -0.24 +/- 0.20 kg; potato + herb/spices: 0.47 +/- 0.21 kg). In meal tests, significantly lower post-prandial glucose and insulin responses to almonds compared with potatoes were observed (P = 0.046, P = 0.006, respectively), with potato + herb/spices having intermediate effects. Conclusion There were no significant differences in FM or in glucoregulatory biomarkers after 30 d of potato consumption compared with almonds. Results do not support a causal relation between increased French fried potato consumption and the negative health outcomes studied. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03518515.
Effects of a phytosterol-enriched dairy product on lipids, sterols and 8-isoprostane in hypercholesterolemic patients: A multicenter Italian study; Background and aims: Plant sterols, added to several food sources, lower serum cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterol-induced cholesterol Lowering is paralleled by a mild decrease in plasma Levels of the antioxidant beta-carotene, the amount of this decrease being considered clinically non-significant. Whether the effect on lipid profile of daily consumption of plant sterol-enriched tow-fat fermented milk (FM) is paralleled by a concomitant variation in a reliable marker of the oxidative burden like plasma isoprostane levels is unresolved.
Effect of homogenised and pasteurised versus native cows' milk on gastrointestinal symptoms, intestinal pressure and postprandial lipid metabolism; Some people experience gastrointestinal symptoms related to cow's milk consumption even if neither lactose intolerance nor cow's milk allergy can be diagnosed. To investigate whether milk homogenization could cause gastrointestinal problems, homogenized and pasteurized milk and native milk were served to eleven volunteers who reported such sensitivity in a random order together with an ingestible pressure measuring capsule. Postprandial lipemia did not differ between the two milk types, but significant differences were found in the postprandial plasma fatty acid composition. No significant difference was found in the amount of gastrointestinal symptoms or in the intestinal pressure after the consumption of native and processed milk. However, the obtained results on pressure in the large intestine (P = 0.068) as well as reported symptoms (P = 0.103) suggest that further studies in this area are needed with a bigger subject group and with longer exposure times to differently processed milk types. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Far-off and close-up dry matter intake modulate indicators of immunometabolic adaptations to lactation in subcutaneous adipose tissue of pasture-based transition dairy cows; The common practice of increasing dietary energy density during the close-up dry period (last similar to 3 wk prepartum) has been recently associated with a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving. Despite these reports, over-feeding of metabolizable energy (ME) during the far-off, nonlactating period is a common management policy aimed at achieving optimum calving body condition score (BCS) in pasture-based systems, as cows are generally thinner than total mixed ration cows at the end of lactation. Our hypothesis was that both far-off and close-up overfeeding influence the peripartum adipose tissue changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Sixty mid lactation, grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 groups that were managed through late lactation to achieve a low and high BCS (approximately 4.25 and 5.0 on a 10-point scale) at dry-off. The low BCS cows were then overfed ME to ensure that they achieved the same BCS as the higher BCS group by calving. Within each rate of BCS gain treatment, cows were offered 65, 90, or 120% of their pre-calving ME requirements for 3 wk pre-calving in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement of treatments (i.e., 10 cows/treatment). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative PCR was used to measure mRNA and microRNA expression of targets related to adipogenesis and inflammation. Cows overfed in the far-off period had increased expression of miR-143 and miR-378 prepartum (-1 wk) indicating greater adipogenesis, consistent with their rapid gain in BCS following dry-off. Furthermore, the lower postpartum expression of IL6, TNF, TLR4, TLR9, and miR-145, and a higher abundance of miR-99a indicated lower body fat mobilization in early lactation in the same group. In the close-up period, feeding either 65 or 120% of ME requirements caused changes in FASN, IL1B, IL6R, TLR9, and the microRNA miR-143, miR-155, and miR-378. Their respective expression patterns indicate a tentative negative-feedback mechanism in metabolically compromised, feed-restricted cows, and a possible immune-related stimulation of lipolysis in apparently static adipocytes in overfed cows. Data from cows fed 90% of ME requirements indicate the existence of a balance between lipolytic (inflammatory-related) and anti-lipolytic signals, to prime the mobilization machinery in light of imminent lactation. Overall, results indicate that far-off dry cow nutrition influences peripartum adipose tissue metabolism, with neither strategy negatively affecting the physiological adaptation to lactation. Furthermore, to ensure a favorable transition, cows should be subjected to a small feed restriction in the close-up period, irrespective of far-off nutritional management.
Fatty acid composition of milk from Holstein x Gyr cows grazing on marandu grass supplemented with concentrate containing sunflower oil; The inclusion of plant oils in the diets of grazing cows represents a promising nutritional strategy for the production of milk naturally enriched with bioactive compounds, such as rumenic (cis-9, trans-11 CLA), vaccenic (trans-11 C18:1) and oleic (cis-9 C18:1) acids. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of dietary supplementation with sunflower oil (SO) on the fatty acid (FA) composition of milk from Holstein x Gyr dairy cows grazing on Urochloa brizantha cv. Marandu under rotational stocking. Sixteen multiparous cows with 185 +/- 10 days in milk received a concentrate containing 0% (control) or 15% SO on a dry matter basis in a randomized block design with two replications (paddocks). The results were analyzed with mixed models (P <= 0.05) using repeated measurements over time, as represented by sampling days 14, 35 and 62 (periods 1, 2 and 3, respectively). In any period, an effect of SO supplementation was observed on milk production, pasture dry matter intake and nutrients intake, whereas the concentrations of most milk FA were altered in SO-fed cows. In particular, dietary supplementation with SO resulted in the production of milk enriched with FA beneficial to human health (rumenic, vaccenic and oleic acids) and with lower levels of hypercholesterolemic lauric (C12:0), myristic (C14:0) and palmitic (C16:0) acids. This positive effect on the nutritional quality of milk fat was more noticeable from the 40th to 43rd days of sunflower oil supplementation.
Role of Calcium and Low-Fat Dairy Foods in Weight-Loss Outcomes Revisited: Results from the Randomized Trial of Effects on Bone and Body Composition in Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women; Several studies have investigated the possibility of dairy foods and calcium (Ca) mediating weight and body composition, but a consensus has not been reached. We aimed to investigate weight-loss-related outcomes during intervention with low-fat dairy foods or Ca + vitamin D supplements, both as complements to hypocaloric diets. Overweight/obese Caucasian, early-postmenopausal women (n = 135) were recruited for a 6 month energy-restricted weight loss study complemented with either low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day), or Ca + vitamin D supplements (S); both to amount a total of similar to 1500 mg/day and 600 IU/day of Ca and vitamin D, respectively, or placebo pills (C). Bone mineral density (BMD) and lean and fat tissue were measured by Lunar iDXA. Serum and urinary markers of bone turnover were analyzed. Diet and physical activity were assessed with 3-day records. Participants on average lost similar to 4%, similar to 3%, and similar to 2% of body weight, fat, and lean tissue, respectively. The significantly better outcomes were noticed in participants in the D group regarding body composition (fat loss/lean tissue preservation) and in participants in the S group regarding the BMD outcomes, compared to those in the C group. Therefore, increasing low-fat dairy foods to 4-5 servings/day and/or increasing Ca & vitamin D intake by supplements (in those who are at the borderline dietary intake) may be beneficial for weight loss/maintenance and may lead to more favorable bone and body composition outcomes in postmenopausal women during moderate weight loss.
The effects of silymarin consumption on inflammation and oxidative stress in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Owing to the rich phytochemical content of Silymarin, it may effectively manage inflammation and oxidative stress. We, therefore, aimed to examine the existing evidence on the effect of Silymarin consumption on inflammation and oxidative stress factors by conducting a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Methods A systematic literature search up to September 2023 was completed in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, and Web of Science, to identify eligible RCTs. Heterogeneity tests of the selected trials were performed using the I2 statistic. Random effects models were assessed based on the heterogeneity tests, and pooled data were determined as weighted mean differences with a 95% confidence interval. Results Fifteen RCTs were included in this meta-analysis. Our findings showed that Silymarin consumption significantly decreased CRP (WMD, - 0.50 mg/L; 95% CI, (- 0.95 to - 0.04); p = 0.03), MDA (WMD, - 1.19 nmol/mL; 95% CI, (- 1.99 to - 0.38); p = 0.004), and IL-6 (WMD, - 0.44 pg/ml; 95% CI, (- 0.75 to - 0.12); p = 0.006). Silymarin consumption had no significant effects on IL-10, TAC, and GSH. A significant non-linear relationship was observed between the duration of the intervention and MDA changes. Conclusions Silymarin can help reduce inflammation in patients with diabetes and thalassemia by reducing MDA as an oxidative stress marker and CRP and IL-6 as inflammatory markers.
Postprandial cytokine concentrations and meal composition in obese and lean women; The aim of this study was to compare the acute effect of (i) meals rich in saturated fat, oleic acid, and a-linolenic acid and (ii) meals rich in starch and fiber on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese and lean women. In a crossover study, 15 abdominally obese women (age, 54 +/- 9 years; BMI, 37.3 +/- 5.5 kg/m(2)) and 14 lean women (age, 53 +/- 10 years; BMI, 22.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m(2)) consumed meals rich in cream (CR), olive oil (OL), canola oil (CAN), potato (POT), and All-Bran (BRAN) in random order. Blood samples were collected before and up to 6h after the meals and plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipid peroxides (LPOs), free-fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, and cortisol were measured. Plasma IL-6 decreased significantly 1 h after the meals then increased significantly above baseline at 4 h and 6 h in obese women and at 6 h in lean women. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for IL-6 was significantly (P = 0.02) higher in obese compared with lean women and was significantly lower following the high fiber BRAN meal compared with a POT meal (P = 0.003). Waist circumference (R = 0.491, P = 0.007) and cortisol AUC (R = -0.415, P = 0.03) were significant determinants of the magnitude of 6h changes in plasma IL-6 after the meals. These findings suggest that the postprandial response of plasma IL-6 concentrations may be influenced by the type of carbohydrate in the meal, central adiposity, and circulating cortisol concentrations in women.
GUT MICROBIOTA, PREBIOTICS, PROBIOTICS, AND SYNBIOTICS IN ANAGEMENT OF OBESITY AND PREDIABETES: REVIEW OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS; Objective: To review the data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the roles of microbiota, pre-, pro-and synbiotics in metabolic conditions (obesity, prediabetes, and diabetes mellitus type 2 [DM2]).
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women; Background: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive.
MILK-FAT STRUCTURE OF A PATIENT WITH TYPE-1 HYPERLIPIDEMIA; Structural analyses were performed on milk fat samples obtained 3-10 days postpartum from a lactating patient with primary type 1 hyperlipidemia. The milk triacylglycerols contained 3-7% C10, 14-21% C12, 20-30% C14, 22-26% C16 and 20-30% C18 (largely oleic) acids. GLC analyses of the X-1,3- and X-1,2-diacylglycerols on polar siloxane columns showed a markedly non-random association of acyl chains. Stereospecific analyses indicated that the short chain length fatty acids were confined essentially to the sn-3-position of the triacylglycerol molecule. Furthermore, these acids were largely absent from the phosphatidylcholines and the endogenous sn-1,2-diacylglycerols of the milk fat. The short chain fatty acids are probably incorporated into the milk triacylglycerols during the final stage of biosynthesis via the phosphatidic acid pathway, and the overall fatty acid distribution is consistent with the 1-random 2-random 3-random hypothesis.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention; Objective: The current study aimed to evaluate the effect of fortified milk combined with a lifestyle and counselling programme on several CVD risk factors after a 3-month dietary intervention.
Comparison of probiotic yogurt and ordinary yogurt consumption on serum Pentraxin3, NT-proBNP, oxLDL, and ApoB100 in patients with chronic heart failure: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial; Background and aims: Nowadays, the potential beneficial effects of probiotic yogurt as a functional food has raised much interest. Thus, the aim of this study was to compare the probiotic yogurt and ordinary yogurt consumption on some indices in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). Methods and results: In this randomized, triple-blind clinical trial, 90 patients with CHF were randomly allocated into two groups to take either probiotic yogurt or ordinary yogurt for 10 weeks. The serum levels of pentraxin3 (PTX3), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), oxidized low density lipoprotein (oxLDL), and apolipoprotein B100 (ApoB100) were measured at the baseline and at the end of week 10. P-Value <0.05 was defined as statistically significant. Final analyses were performed on 78 patients. The levels of PTX3 and oxLDL in both the groups decreased significantly after 10 weeks, and these reductions were greater in the probiotic group, where the difference between the groups was statistically significant for oxLDL (P-value: 0.051, adjusted P-value: 0.010) but not significant for PTX3 (P-value: 0.956, adjusted P-value: 0.236). The changes in the serum NT-proBNP levels were not statistically significant between the groups (P-value: 0.948, adjusted P-value: 0.306). ApoB100 significantly decreased in the control group compared to the probiotic group and the difference between the groups was significant at first but was not significant after adjusting for the confounders (P-value: 0.004, adjusted P-value: 0.280). Conclusion: The serum oxLDL significantly reduced due to probiotic yogurt consumption after 10 weeks compared to ordinary yogurt; thus, it may be useful for improving the oxidative status of CHF patients. The clinical trial registry number is IRCT20091114002709N48 (; https://www.irct.ir/IRCT20091114002709N48, registered 12 March 2018).
An energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial; Moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy-reduced diet (ERD) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (BW) loss. The current study examined the effectiveness of a weight-loss/weight-loss maintenance intervention using an ERD with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4-5 svg/d), including yogurt (INT group) and daily walking compared to an ERD with standard protein (16-17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (COM group) with daily walking. A randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. Women were randomized to INT group or COM group. Anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose-derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. Targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the INT group. There were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. Women in the INT group and COM group, respectively, reduced BW (-4.9 +/- 3.2 and -4.3 +/- 3.3 kg, P < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.0 +/- 2.2 and -2.3 +/- 2.3 kg, P < 0.001) during the 12-week weight-loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. Both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat-free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all P < 0.001). Healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost BW and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an ERD with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
CHOLESTEROL-LOWERING EFFECT OF SKIM MILK FROM IMMUNIZED COWS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC PATIENTS; The effect of skim milk from cows immunized against a variety of human intestinal bacteria on serum cholesterol concentrations was examined in 11 patients with primary hypercholesterolemia in a 24-wk, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study. After a 4-wk baseline period, patients were treated for 8 wk either with skim milk from immunized cows (active) or with control skim milk (placebo) followed by an 8-wk period with the treatment order reversed. Eight weeks of active  treatment with skim milk from immunized cows reduced serum total cholesterol concentrations by 0.52 .+-. 0.59 mmol/L (.hivin.x .+-. SD: P < 0.025), or 8%, LDL cholesterol by 0.16 .+-. 0.59 mmol/L (NS), or 4%, and the atherogenic index (total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol) by 0.42 .+-. 1.85 (P < 0.05), or 8%, compared with the placebo treatment. Reversal of the favorable development occurred upon cessation of active treatment. We conclude that daily supplementation of a normal diet with skim milk from  immunized cows can result in a significant reduction of elevated blood cholesterol concentrations.
A casein variant in cow's milk is atherogenic; Casein is a major protein in cow's milk that occurs in several variant forms, two of which are beta-casein A(1) and beta-casein A(2). The levels of these two proteins vary considerably in milk dependent on the breed of cow, and epidemiology studies suggest that there is a relationship between their consumption and the degree of atherosclerosis. In the present study, the direct effect of consumption of beta-casein A(1) vs beta-casein A(2) on atherosclerosis development was examined in a rabbit model. Sixty rabbits had their right carotid artery balloon de-endothelialised at t = 0, divided randomly into 10 groups (n = 6 per group), then for 6 weeks fed a diet containing 0, 5, 10 or 20% casein isolate, either beta-casein variant A(1) or A(2) made up to 20% milk protein with whey. Some groups had their diets supplemented with 0.5% cholesterol. Blood samples were collected at t = 0, 3 and 6 weeks and rabbits were sacrificed at t = 6 weeks. In the absence of dietary cholesterol, beta-casein A(1) produced significantly higher (P < 0.05) serum cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglyceride levels than whey diet alone, which in turn produced higher levels than beta-casein A(2). Rabbits fed beta-casein A(1) had a higher percent surface area of aorta covered by fatty streaks than those fed beta-casein A(2) (5.2+/-0.81 vs 1.1+/-0.39, P < 0.05) and the thickness of the fatty streak lesions in the aortic arch was significantly higher (0.04+/-0.010 vs 0.00, P < 0.05). Similarly, the intima to media ratio (I:M) of the balloon injured carotid arteries in A(1) fed animals (0.77+/-0.07) was higher than in those that consumed A(2) (0.57+/-0.04) or whey (0.58+/-0.04), but this did not reach significance. In the presence of 0.5% dietary cholesterol, the thickness of the aortic arch lesions was higher (P < 0.05) in 5, 10 and 20% casein A(1) fed animals compared with their A(2) counterparts, while other parameters were not significantly different. It is concluded that beta-casein A(1) is atherogenic compared with beta-casein A(2). (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Beneficial effects of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder on lipid metabolism in hamsters; The effect of plant sterols/stanols-containing milk powder (phytosterol milk powder, PSMP, containing 2.78% phytosterols mixture) on lipid metabolism in hamsters was investigated. One hundred male 7-week-old Golden Syrian hamsters were given free access to regular rodent chow and water for 1 week to acclimatize. Four extremely (10%) over- and underweight hamsters were eliminated. Sixteen hamsters were killed and examined for plasma and liver lipid compositions to establish the baseline. The remaining hamster were randomly divided into 5 groups, each group of hamsters had statistically similar average body weight, but fed with different experimental diets for 4 weeks. All 5 groups of hamsters were fed with high fat, high cholesterol diet containing different ingredients. Regular rodent chow diet was supplemented with 0.5% (w/w) cholesterol and corn/coconut oil mixture (corn oil/coconut oil = 1:1) to raise the final fat content to 15% (w/w) (Group 1 - control group). Group 2 was the positive control (PC) group, which was fed with diet containing 0.72% (w/w) phytosterols (consisted of 75% P-sitosterol and 10% campesterol). Groups 3-5 were the experimental groups, of which 12.95, 25.90 or 64.75% (w/w) PSMP (1x, 2x and 5x PSMP groups) was added to the diet and the phytosterol mixture contents in these diets were 0.36, 0.72 and 1.8% (w/w), respectively. At the end of 4-week feeding period, hamsters were killed and the plasma and hepatic lipid compositions together with the fecal neutral sterol content were determined. No adverse effects of PSMP on growth and health condition in hamsters were found in this experiment. At the highest feeding dose of PSMP (64.75%, w/w), hamsters had the highest body weight gain and the lowest plasma and liver lipid contents. PSMP showed significant effects on lowering the concentrations of plasma total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein cholesterol. It could also lower the atherogenic index (LDL-C/HDL-C), hepatic lipid levels and relative liver weight while raising the fecal cholesterol and phytosterols excretion in the hyperlipidemic hamsters.
Effect of energy-reduced diets high in dairy products and fiber on weight loss in obese adults; Objective: Studies suggest that high-dairy and high-fiber/low-glycemic index diets may facilitate weight loss, but data are conflicting. The effects on weight loss and body fat of a high-dairy diet and a diet high in dairy and fiber and low in glycemic index were compared with a standard diet.
Effect of milk fat on LDL cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the INNOVALAIT project; Background Milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption. Objective The goal of this study was to compare the effect on LDL Cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans. Individuals and methods This double-blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) from 130 to 220 mg/dL and triglycerides below 300 mg/dL. Individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. In the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. Vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. Vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% EI), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% EI). Cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention. Results There was no significant difference in LDL-C and other markers, except total cholesterol (TC), apo C3 and CRP. TC was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat. Conclusions In this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on LDL-C compared to dairy fat. However, sub-group analysis showed differences in TC, apo C3 and CRP. These results need confirmation and long-term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
Saturated fat supplementation interacts with dietary forage neutral detergent fiber content during the immediate postpartum period in Holstein cows: Energy balance and metabolism; Forty-eight multiparous cows were used in a randomized complete block design experiment with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments to determine the interaction between a highly saturated free FA supplement (SFFA) and dietary forage NDF (fNDF) content on energy balance and metabolic responses in postpartum cows. Treatment diets were offered from 1 to 29 d postpartum and contained 20 or 26% fNDF and 0 or 2% SFFA (Energy Booster 100; 96.1% FA: 46.2% C18:0, and 37.0% C16:0). Overall, low fNDF versus high fNDF and 2% SFFA versus 0% SFFA increased digestible energy intake (DEI; 67.5 vs. 62.2 Mcal/d and 68.1 vs. 61.6 Mcal/d, respectively). The low fNDF diet with SFFA increased energy balance compared with the other treatments early during the treatment period, but treatment differences diminished over time. Overall, low fNDF versus high fNDF diets and 2% SFFA versus 0% SFFA improved energy balance ( 13.0 vs. 16.3 Mcal/d and 12.0 vs. -17.3, respectively) decreasing efficiency of utilization of DEI for milk (milk NEL/DEI; 0.575 vs. 0.634 and 0.565 vs. 0.643). Low fNDF diets increased plasma insulin (308 vs. 137 mu g/mL) and glucose concentrations (50.5 vs. 45.7 mg/dL) and decreased plasma nonesterified FA (606 vs. 917 mu Eq/L) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (9.29 vs. 16.5 mg/dL) concentrations and liver triglyceride content. Compared with 0% SFFA, 2% SFFA decreased plasma nonesterified FA concentration during the first week postpartum (706 vs. 943 mu Eq/L) and tended to decrease plasma nonesterified FA overall throughout the treatment period, but did not affect liver triglyceride content. During a glucose tolerance test, 2% SFFA increased plasma insulin concentration more in the low fNDF diet (84.5 vs. 44.6 mu IU/mL) than in the high fNDF diet (40.4 vs. 38.0 mu IU/mL). After glucose infusion, 2% SFFA increased insulin area under the curve by 64% when included in the low fNDF diet, but only by 5.2% when included in the high fNDF diet. Even though 2% SFFA did not affect weekly plasma insulin concentration, it increased plasma insulin baseline concentration before the tolerance tests. Supplementation of 2% SFFA and low fNDF diets increased DEI and improved energy balance, but decreased apparent efficiency of utilization of DEI for milk production. Fat supplementation affected energy partitioning, increasing energy balance and decreasing body condition score loss, especially in the lower fNDF diet. The decrease in body condition score loss observed was likely related to an increase in plasma insulin concentration. Feeding SFFA in a low fNDF diet during the first 29 d postpartum might have primed the cows to limit fat mobilization at the expense of milk.
Calcium plus vitamin D<sub>3</sub> supplementation facilitated Fat loss in overweight and obese college students with very-low calcium consumption: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Recent evidence suggests that higher calcium and/ or vitamin D intake may be associated with lower body weight and better metabolic health. Due to contradictory findings from intervention trials, we investigated the effect of calcium plus vitamin D-3 (calcium+D) supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic profiles during energy restriction in healthy, overweight and obese adults with very-low calcium consumption.
Short-term changes in plasma and milk fatty acid profiles in cows fed chopped elephant grass-based diets containing two types of sunflower oil associated with two methods of concentrate feeding; This study was carried out in a randomized block design in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement with the aim of evaluating the short-term changes in the plasma and milk fatty acid (FA) profiles of Holstein x Gyr cows (444 +/- 84 kg; 75 +/- 31 days in milk; 15.4 +/- 4.8 kg day(-1) of milk) fed 600 g kg(-1) DM chopped elephant grass-based diets supplemented with 45 g kg(-1) DM sunflower oil (SO) for 21 days. Two types of SO were evaluated: high oleic/low linoleic acid (HO) and medium oleic/medium linoleic acid (MO). The concentrates containing SO were supplied separately from forage twice a day (TAD) or as part of a total mixed ration (TMR). Temporal changes were analyzed by mixed models (P < 0.05) using six, four and seven repeated measures over time for FA intake and the plasma and milk FA compositions, respectively. There was higher oleic acid intake in HO SO-fed cows, while higher linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid intake were observed in MO SO-fed cows. TAD-fed cows had a higher plasma vaccenic acid content than TMR-fed cows, while MO SO-fed cows had higher plasma vaccenic and rumenic acid contents than HO SO-fed cows. As a function of day, there were linear increases in oleic and linoleic acid intake; plasma contents of oleic, vaccenic and linoleic acids; and the milk fat content of linoleic acid, while quadratic effects were adjusted for the milk fat contents of palmitic, oleic, vaccenic and rumenic acids. In comparison with TMR-fed cows, the milk fat of TAD-fed cows produced between days 13 and 17 showed an FA profile that was more nutritionally desirable for human health, with lower contents of hypercholesterolemic FAs and higher contents of oleic, rumenic and vaccenic acids. Between days 15 and 16, the vaccenic and rumenic acid contents in the milk fat of MO SO-fed cows were 81% higher than those obtained from HO SO-fed cows, which on the 14th day had a 14% higher oleic acid content in milk fat. Lower milk fat levels of hypercholesterolemic FAs were produced between days 13 and 14 by cows fed both types of SO.
Dietary Cocoa Butter or Refined Olive Oil Does Not Alter Postprandial hsCRP and IL-6 Concentrations in Healthy Women; Contrary to other long chain saturated fatty acids (SFA), fats high in stearic acid do not raise plasma cholesterol concentrations, however, a slight elevation in inflammatory markers, plasma fibrinogen and interleukin-6 (IL-6), has been observed in the fasting state. The effect of stearic acid on inflammation in the postprandial state has not yet been reported. We conducted a single blind crossover, randomized, postprandial study to compare the effects of a fat load of cocoa butter high in stearic acid and olive oil in ten healthy women. The test meals contained 1 g of fat per kg body weight (mean 62 g). Blood samples were collected at 0 (fasting), 4 and 6 h. Both diets resulted in a significant increase in serum triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration over time (P = 0.003) and a decrease in serum IL-6 concentration after 4 h followed by an increase to post absorptive values after 6 h (P < 0.001); whereas serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) concentration was not affected. There was no difference between diets in effects on serum TAG, hsCRP and IL-6 concentrations and no association between postprandial lipemia and inflammatory markers. High intake of dietary fats increase postprandial serum TAG, however, may not affect inflammatory markers postprandially. Thus, fat rich in stearic acid does not seem to increase postprandial inflammation.
Effects of Soy-Soluble Fiber and Flaxseed Gum on the Glycemic and Insulinemic Responses to Glucose Solutions and Dairy Products in Healthy Adult Males; Objective: Soy-soluble polysaccharides and flaxseed gum are underutilized dietary fibers of interest to the food industry. However, because the ability of soluble fibers to modulate postprandial glucose and insulin metabolism has been related to their viscous effects, the utility of these and other low-viscosity soluble fibers remains unproven. The objective of this study was to examine the associations between soy-soluble polysaccharides and flaxseed gum concentration, product viscosity, and the postprandial glycemic and insulinemic responses in the context of glucose solutions as well as fluid and gelled dairy products.
The effects of phytosterol in low fat milk on serum lipid levels among mildmoderately hypercholesterolemic subjects; One of the most important risk factors for CHD is dyslipidemia, among others hypercholesterolemia or high LDL-cholesterol. Plantsterols or phytosterols (PS) are among dietary factors known to lower blood cholesterol as part of therapeutic life-style changes diet. This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of PS properly solubilized in a-partly vegetable oil-filled low fat milk, on serum lipid levels in mild-moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects. Randomized, two-arm parallel control group trial was conducted at Department of Nutrition-University of Indonesia in Jakarta from June to November 2006. Each subject was randomly assigned to receive dietary lifestyle changes counseling plus 1.2 g phytosterol/day in low-fat milk (PS-group) or control group receiving the counseling alone for six weeks period. There were no significant changes of serum total and LDL-cholesterol of control group after a six week of dietary counseling (respectively 218.3 +/- 18.6 mg/dL to 219.6 +/- 24.3 mg/dL and 164.7 +/- 21.8 mg/dL to 160.0 +/- 26.4 mg/dL). There were a significant decreases of serum total and LDL-cholesterol ( respectively p=0.01 and p=0.004) among subjects receiving PS after a six weeks observation period (respectively 233.5 +/- 24.6 mg/dL to 211.2 +/- 30.3 mg/dL and 176.9 +/- 24.7 mg/dL to 154.5 +/- 24.3 mg/dL). There was a significant difference in the LDL-lowering effects (p=0.024) among the PS-group after a six weeks (22.4 +/- 27.9 mg/dL) as compared to the control group (4.7 +/- 17.2 mg/dL). No significant changes were found on serum HDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels in both groups. Although there was no significant difference found in daily nutrients intake between the-2 groups, however, significant reductions in body weight, body mass index and waist circumference were found only in the PS group (p=0.000; 0.000; 0.003, respectively). It is concluded that the lowering of total and LDL-cholesterol in those receiving life-style changes counseling plus 1.2 g PS daily for six weeks was significantly higher as compared to those of receiving counseling alone.
Are there specific treatments for the metabolic syndrome?; The concept of the metabolic syndrome, although controversial, continues to gain acceptance. Whereas each risk factor of the metabolic syndrome (visceral obesity, atherogenetic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and dysglycemia) can be dealt with individually, the recommended initial therapeutic approach is to focus on reversing its root causes of atherogenetic diet, sedentary lifestyle, and overweight or obesity. No single diet is currently recommended for patients with the metabolic syndrome, although epidemiologic evidence suggests a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome associated with dietary patterns rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, dairy products, and unsaturated fats. We conducted a literature search to identify clinical trials specifically dealing with the resolution of the metabolic syndrome by lifestyle, drugs, or obesity surgery. Criteria used for study selection were English language, randomized trials with a placebo or control group (except for surgery), a follow-up lasting >= 6 mo, and a time frame of 5 y. We identified 3 studies based on lifestyle interventions, 5 studies based on drug therapy, and 3 studies based on laparoscopic weight-reduction surgery The striking resolution of the metabolic syndrome with weight-reduction surgery (93%) as compared with lifestyle (25%) and drugs (19%) strongly suggests that obesity is the driving force for the occurrence of this condition. Although there is no "all-inclusive" diet yet, it seems plausible that a Mediterranean-style diet has most of the desired attributes, including a lower content of refined carbohydrates, a high content of fiber, a moderate content of fat (mostly unsaturated), and a moderate-to-high content of vegetable proteins.
Effect of grazing on composition, fatty acid profile and nutritional indices of the goat milk and cheese; Twenty lactating Hungarian native goats were randomly divided into two groups to evaluate the effect of extensive grazing on the somatic cell counts (SCC), composition and fatty acid profile of milk and semi-hard cheese. The following important nutritional indices of goat milk and cheese fat were calculated: atherogenic index (AI), health-promoting index (HPI), hypercholesterolemic saturated fatty acids (HFA), hypocholesterolemic/hypercholesterolemic ratio (H/H), linoleic acic/alpha-linolenic acid ratio (LA/ALA) and thrombogenicity index (TI). The experimental period lasted for 38 days, encompassing the first four weeks as the period of adaptation to the natural pasture and the last ten days as the experimental period. The extensive grazing resulted in significantly higher concentrations of rumenic acid and lower n-6/n-3 ratio in milk (0.49 vs 0.67%, P < 0.01; 3.97 vs 1.49, P < 0.001) and in cheese (0.44 vs 0.63%, P < 0.001; 3.96 vs 1.54, P < 0.001). The extensive grazing significantly decreased the AI, HFA and LA/ALA, but on the other hand, increased the HPI and H/H indices in goat milk and cheese, respectively. The study results suggest that consumers have greater nutraceutical benefits from consuming milk and cheese from goats kept on natural pasture.
Visceral adipose tissue mass in nonlactating dairy cows fed diets differing in energy density; Our objective was to determine dietary energy effects on feed intake, internal fat deposition, body condition score (BCS), visceral organ mass, and blood analytes in Holstein cows. Eighteen nonpregnant, nonlactating cows (BCS = 3.04 +/- 0.25) were blocked based on initial BCS and were randomly assigned within each block to 2 treatments. Treatments were either high energy [HE; net energy for lactation (NEL) = 1.62 Mcal/kg] or low energy (LE; NEL = 1.35 Mcal/kg) diets fed as total mixed rations for 8 wk. The LE diet consisted of 81.7% forage, including 40.5% wheat straw and 28.3% corn silage, whereas the HE diet contained 73.8% forage with no straw and 49.9% corn silage (dry matter basis). Cows were fed for ad libitum intake once daily at 0800 h. Feed intake was recorded daily, blood was sampled at wk 1, 4, and 7, and BCS was assigned at wk 1, 4, and 7. Cows were killed following the 8-wk period, and visceral organs, mammary gland, and internal adipose tissues were weighed and sampled. The HE group had greater dry matter intake (15.9 vs. 11.2 +/- 0.5 kg/d) and energy intakes than cows fed LE, but neutral detergent fiber intake did not differ (5.8 vs. 5.6 +/- 0.25 kg/d for HE and LE). Final body weight was greater for cows fed HE (807 vs. 750 kg), but BCS did not differ between groups (3.52 vs. 3.47 for HE and LE). Omental (26.8 vs. 15.2 +/- 1.6 kg/d), mesenteric (21.5 vs. 11.2 +/- 1.9 kg), and perirenal (8.9 vs. 5.4 +/- 0.9 kg) adipose tissue masses were larger in HE cows than in LE cows. Although subcutaneous adipose mass was not measured, carcass weight (including hide and subcutaneous fat) did not differ between HE (511 kg) and LE (496 kg). Liver weight tended to be greater for cows fed HE, but weights of gastrointestinal tract, heart, and kidney did not differ. Serum insulin tended to be greater and the glucose to insulin ratio was lower for cows fed HE. Serum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate and cholesterol were greater for HE cows than for LE cows but concentrations of glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, total protein, and albumin did not differ. Final BCS was correlated with masses of omental (r = 0.57), mesenteric (r = 0.59), and perirenal (r = 0.72) adipose tissue, but mesenteric adipose mass increased more as BCS increased for cows fed HE. The similar final BCS between HE and LE cows demonstrates that BCS may lack sensitivity to detect differences in visceral fat deposition that might increase risk for peripartal diseases and disorders.
Effects of ON101 for Hard-to-Heal Diabetic Foot Ulcers in a Randomized Phase III Trial: A <i>Post Hoc</i> Analysis; Objective: Hard-to-heal diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) are associated with higher mortality rates and an increased medical burden for patients. ON101, a new topical cream, exhibited better healing efficacy than the control dressing in a Phase III trial. In this post hoc analysis, we further identify whether ON101 can improve the healing of ulcers with hard-to-heal risk factors in this cohort of DFU patients. Approach: To compare the efficacy of ON101 with absorbent dressing among various hard-to-heal wounds in patients with DFU, a post hoc analysis of a randomized Phase III trial that included 276 DFU patients was performed by subgrouping those patients based on ulcer depth, location, size, duration, and patients' glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels and body mass index (BMI). Results: In the full analysis set, the proportion of patients achieving healing was 61.7% in the ON101 group and 37.0% in the comparator (p = 0.0001). In subgroup analysis according to risk factors, ON101 demonstrated superior healing capacity on Wagner grade 2 ulcers (p < 0.0001); plantar ulcers (p = 0.0016), ulcer size >= 5 cm2 (p = 0.0122), ulcer duration >= 3 months (p = 0.0043); for patients with HbA1c >= 9% (p = 0.0285); and patients with BMI >= 25 (p = 0.0005). Innovation: ON101, a novel therapeutic drug, can modulate the functions of macrophages and demonstrate superior healing rates to conventional absorbent dressing in patients with hard-to-heal DFUs. Conclusions: The results of this post hoc study suggest that ON101 is a better therapeutic option than conventional dressing used in treatment for DFU patients with higher HbA1c, BMI, or ulcers with complex conditions such as longer duration, deeper wounds, larger size, and plantar location.
A systematic review of the effect of yogurt consumption on chronic diseases risk markers in adults; We reviewed randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that have assessed the effects of yogurt containing Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus (LBST) on metabolic risk markers of chronic diseases in adults.
Effects of diets containing hemp seeds or hemp cake on fatty acid composition and oxidative stability of sheep milk; High levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are desirable in milk for its nutritional quality, but make it vulnerable to oxidation. The aim of this trial was to assess the effects of dietary intake of hemp (seeds or cake) on milk production, fatty acid (FA) profile, and oxidative stability when sheep diet included a source rich in PUFAs. The control diet (C), which was composed of hay-based rations and completed with mixed concentrate, was compared with two experimental diets that were designed to provide the same amount of fat via hemp seed (180 g/d) (HS diet) or hempseed cake (480 g/d) (HC diet). The hemp was determined to have significantly increased the yields of milk, energy-corrected milk (ECM), fat corrected milk (FCM) (6.5%), protein corrected milk (PCM) (5.8%) and milk fat. The hemp generated a greater proportion of n-3 FA, notably alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), which increased by 49-66%. The addition of hemp also led to an increase in C18: 1 t11 (vaccenic acid (VA)) and conjugated linoleic acids (CLA), particularly isomer c9, t11 CLA (rumenic acid (RA)). The HC group showed a greater content of milk ALA and VA and tended to show a greater content of c9, t11 CLA than the HS group. The atherogenic index (AI), thrombogenic index (TI), n-6/n-3 FA ratio and hypocholesterolemic/Hypercholesterolemic (h/H) ratio suggest that hemp could be useful in improving milk quality. The results obtained in this study suggest that the inclusion of hempseed cake appears to be more effective in ameliorating these indices than hemp seed. The author determined the concentration of fat-soluble antioxidant (tocopherol and retinol) by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), and assessed the total antioxidant capacity (TAC) by measuring the ABTS (2,2'-azinobis-3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid) scavenging capacity and degree of oxidative degradation of lipids using the classical test based on the concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA). The TAC was higher in the milk of the HS and HC groups compared with C, being in direct correlation with the higher concentration of atocopherol of milk and lower concentration of MDA, the extent of the change being greatest for the animals fed the HS diet. Therefore, hemp seeds and hempseed cake appear to be ideal supplements for improving the FA profile and health lipid indices and preventing lipid oxidation in raw milk.
Effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary intake of soy protein with isoflavones may be associated with reductions in serum cholesterol.
Intake of a protein-enriched milk and effects on muscle mass and strength. A 12-week randomized placebo controlled trial among community-dwelling older adults; To investigate the effect of 20 g protein with breakfast and evening meal on muscle mass, muscle strength and functional performance in older adults.
Effect of dairy calcium or supplementary calcium intake on postprandial fat metabolism, appetite, and subsequent energy intake; Background: High calcium intake has been shown to increase fecal fat excretion.
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 127, pg. 151, 2022); Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty-four women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet; however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (-1.86 v. -0.45 mmol/l, P-group = .0.02), 120 (-2.3 v. 0.2 mmol/l, P-group = 0.001) and 180 min (-1.7 v. 0.22 mmol/l, P-group = 0.002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (-0.2 v. 0.05%, P-group = 0.001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (-0.42 v. 0.31 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.47 v. 0.22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0.005), TAG (-0.17 v. 0.34 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and total: HDL-cholesterol ratio (-0.6 (SD 0.9) v. 0.3 (SD 0.8), P-group = 0.008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 v. 1.7 mmHg, P-group = 0.001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (-0.29 v. 0.15 mmol/l, P-group = 0.09) were non-significant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women.
Replacing dairy fat with rapeseed oil causes rapid improvement of hyperlipidaemia: a randomized controlled study; Background. Rapeseed oil (RO), also known as canola oil, principally contains the unsaturated fatty acids 18:1n-9, 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 and may promote cardiometabolic health.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: A Pilot Study; The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and similar to 280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group; no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Postprandial Lipid Responses do not Differ Following Consumption of Butter or Vegetable Oil when Consumed with Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids; Dietary saturated fat (SFA) intake has been associated with elevated blood lipid levels and increased risk for the development of chronic diseases. However, some animal studies have demonstrated that dietary SFA may not raise blood lipid levels when the diet is sufficient in omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3PUFA). Therefore, in a randomised cross-over design, we investigated the postprandial effects of feeding meals rich in either SFA (butter) or vegetable oil rich in omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-6PUFA), in conjunction with n-3PUFA, on blood lipid profiles [total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and triacylglycerol (TAG)] and n-3PUFA incorporation into plasma lipids over a 6-h period. The incremental area under the curve for plasma cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C, TAG and n-3PUFA levels over 6 h was similar in the n-6PUFA compared to SFA group. The postprandial lipemic response to saturated fat is comparable to that of n-6PUFA when consumed with n-3PUFA; however, sex-differences in response to dietary fat type are worthy of further attention.
Effects of soy protein on lipoprotein lipids and fecal bile acid excretion in men and women with moderate hypercholesterolemia; BACKGROUND: Soy protein (SP) and low-fat dairy product consumption have been suggested to have hypocholesterolemic effects, although the responsible mechanisms are poorly understood.
Effect of low-fat, fermented milk enriched with plant sterols on serum lipid profile and oxidative stress in moderate hypercholesterolemia; Background: Plant sterol (PS)-enriched foods have been shown to reduce plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations. In most studies, however, PSs were incorporated into food products of high fat content.
Beneficial effects of the probiotics and synbiotics supplementation on anthropometric indices and body composition in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Studies have suggested that probiotics and synbiotics can improve body weight and composition. However, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) demonstrated mixed results. Hence, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics on body weight and composition in adults. We searched PubMed/Medline, Ovid/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library up to April 2023 using related keywords. We included all RCTs investigating the effectiveness of probiotics and/or synbiotics supplementation on anthropometric indices and body composition among adults. Random-effects models were applied for performing meta-analyses. In addition, we conducted subgroup analyses and meta-regression to explore the non-linear and linear relationship between the length of follow-up and the changes in each outcome. We included a total of 200 trials with 12,603 participants in the present meta-analysis. Probiotics or synbiotics intake led to a significant decrease in body weight (weighted mean difference [WMD]: -0.91 kg; 95% CI: -1.08, -0.75; p < 0.001), body mass index (BMI) (WMD: -0.28 kg/m(2); 95% CI: -0.36, -0.21; p < 0.001), waist circumference (WC) (WMD: -1.14 cm; 95% CI: -1.42, -0.87; p < 0.001), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (WMD: -0.01; 95% CI: -0.01, -0.00; p < 0.001), fat mass (FM) (WMD: -0.92 kg; 95% CI: -1.05, -0.79; p < 0.001), and percentage of body fat (%BF) (WMD: -0.68%; 95% CI: -0.94, -0.42; p < 0.001) compared to controls. There was no difference in fat-free mass (FFM) and lean body mass (LBM). Subgroup analyses indicated that probiotics or synbiotics administered as food or supplement resulted in significant changes in anthropometric indices and body composition. However, compared to controls, FM and %BF values were only reduced after probiotic consumption. Our results showed that probiotics or synbiotics have beneficial effects on body weight, central obesity, and body composition in adults and could be useful as an add on to weight loss products and medications.
Physiological calf responses to increased chromium supply in summer; The primary objective was to determine pre- and postweaning calf physiological responses to increased Cr supply under high ambient temperatures. In a randomized complete block design, 24 neonate Holstein calves (BW = 41.5 perpendicular to 1.9 kg) were grouped based on sex and randomly assigned to 3 treatments within each group. Treatments included either no supplemental Cr (control), 0.02 mg of supplemental Cr/kg of BW0.75, or 0.04 mg of supplemental Cr/kg of BW0.75. The average temperature-humidity index was 77 during the study. Chromium was provided as a commercial product in whole milk for preweaning calves and in a starter concentrate for postweaning calves. Calves were weaned at 1 kg of daily calf starter intake lasting for 6 consecutive days. A glucose tolerance test was conducted on d 25 postweaning. Treatments had no effects on preweaning dry matter intake, feed conversion ratio, average daily gain, and weaning age. Chromium decreased dry matter intake in postweaning calves; however, it did not affect growth and feed conversion ratio. Chromium lowered respiration rate at wk 5 without affecting fecal score and rectal temperature. Preweaning serum cortisol concentrations were altered by a 3-way interaction of Cr dose with calf sex and age. Preweaning serum glucose showed week-dependent increases by Cr. Serum insulin, urea, albumin, total protein, triiodothyronine, and thyroxin concentrations through weaning were not affected. The increasing Cr doses caused quadratic declines in serum thyroxin on d 21 postweaning, whereas blood triiodothyronine declined only with the higher Cr dose. Serum NEFA remained unchanged, but BHBA decreased by Cr in male calves on d 21 postweaning. The glucose tolerance test revealed linear reductions in area under insulin curve between 0 to 90 and 0 to 120 min after glucose infusion, suggesting improvements in peripheral insulin efficiency. Sex-dependent responses to Cr were observed for serum total protein and albumin concentrations at 21 d postweaning. Overall, results indicate that in summer, increased dietary Cr supply can benefit postweaning insulin metabolism, alter preweaning blood cortisol and glucose levels, and reduce respiration rate and may have only minor effects on calf growth.
Effects of peanut processing on body weight and fasting plasma lipids; Peanuts and peanut butter are commonly consumed as a snack, meal component and ingredient in various commercial products. Their consumption is associated with reduced CVD risk and they pose little threat to positive energy balance. However, questions have arisen as to whether product form (e.g. whole nut v. butter) and processing properties (e.g. roasting and adding flavours) may compromise their positive health effects. The present study investigated the effects of peanut form and processing on two CVD risk factors: fasting plasma lipids and body weight. One hundred and eighteen adults (forty-seven males and seventy-one females; age 29.2 (SD 8.4) years; BMI 30.0 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) from Brazil. Ghana and the United States were randomised to consume 56g of raw unsalted (n 23), roasted unsalted (n 24), roasted salted (n 23) or honey roasted (n 24) peanuts, or peanut butter (a 24) daily for 4 weeks. Peanut form and processing did not differentially affect body weight or fasting plasma lipid responses in the total sample. However, HDL-cholesterol increased significantly at the group level, and total cholesterol. LDL-cholesterol and TAG concentrations decreased significantly in individuals classified as having elevated fasting plasma lipids compared with those with normal fasting plasma lipids. These observations suggest that the processing attributes assessed in this trial do not compromise the lipid-lowering effects of peanuts, and do not negatively impact body weight. Further studies are warranted to determine the effects of form and processing on other health risk factors.
Consumption of yogurt enriched with polar lipids from olive oil by-products reduces platelet sensitivity against platelet activating factor and inflammatory indices: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial; Background and aims: Several studies have reported the positive cardio-metabolic effects of yogurt consumption. The addition of olive oil's bioactive extracts into yogurt can result to a functional food with pleiotropic properties against cardiovascular diseases. A polar lipid extract of olive pomace (OOPLE) that contains platelet activating factor receptor (PAF-R) antagonists, has been stated not only to inhibit the development of atherosclerotic plaques in hypercholesterolemic rabbits but also to regress the already formed plaques. The present study aims to investigate the effect of the daily intake of an OOPLE-enriched low-fat yogurt, on the metabolic profile, ex vivo platelet aggregation and markers of thrombosis and inflammation, in healthy, mainly overweight volunteers.Methods and results: A randomized, three-arm, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, 8 weeks duration, clinical trial was performed in apparently healthy adults (35-65 years old). Group A (control group) consumed at most one yogurt every two weeks, Group B (plain yogurt) consumed one serving of plain yogurt every day and Group C (enriched yogurt) consumed one serving of yogurt, enriched with OOPLE, daily. Enriched yogurt intake resulted in lower levels of IL-10 and to lower platelet sensitivity against PAF, compared to the other two groups (p-values<0.05), while no impact on energy intake, body weight, glucose and lipid metabolism was detected. Lower levels of IL-6 were observed only at 4 weeks enriched yogurt intake (p = 0.03) compared to plain yogurt.Conclusion: Intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF-induced platelet aggregation and suppression of IL-10 levels. Registration number for clinical trials: NCT02259205.
Rosiglitazone, a PPAR-γ Agonist, Fails to Attenuate CLA-Induced Milk Fat Depression and Hepatic Lipid Accumulation in Lactating Mice; Our objective was to investigate the combination of rosiglitazone (ROSI) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on mammary and hepatic lipogenesis in lactating C57Bl/6 J mice. Twenty-four lactating mice were randomly assigned to one of four treatments applied from postpartum day 6 to day 10. Treatments included: (1) control diet, (2) control plus 1.5 % dietary CLA (CLA) substituted for soybean oil, (3) control plus daily intra-peritoneal (IP) rosiglitazone injections (10 mg/kg body weight) (ROSI), and (4) CLA plus ROSI (CLA-ROSI). Dam food intake and milk fat concentration were depressed with CLA. However, no effects were observed with ROSI. The CLA-induced milk fat depression was due to reduced expression for mammary lipogenic genes involved in de-novo fatty acid (FA) synthesis, FA uptake and desaturation, and triacyglycerol synthesis. Liver weight (g/100 g body weight) was increased by CLA due to an increase in lipid accumulation triggering a compensatory reduction in mRNA abundance of hepatic lipogenic enzymes, including acetyl-CoA carboxylase I and stearoyl-CoA desaturase I. On the contrary, no effects were observed with ROSI on hepatic and mammary lipogenic gene and enzyme expression. Overall, feeding CLA to lactating mice induced milk fat depression and increased hepatic lipid accumulation, probably due to the presence of trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomer, while ROSI failed to significantly attenuate both hepatic steatosis and reduction in milk fat content.
Bovine hepatic and adipose retinol-binding protein gene expression and relationship with tumor necrosis factor-α; Retinol-binding protein (RBP) is the main transport system for retinol in circulation, is a relatively small protein with one binding site for retinol in the all-trans form, and is bound to transthyretin. The objectives of this study were to characterize the temporal pattern of bovine hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period and to determine if a relationship exists between the expression of RBP and that of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)-alpha in dairy cows. In experiment 1, we assessed hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period. Liver tissues were sampled from periparturient dairy cows (n = 9) at 21, 4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition and frozen in liquid N-2. Total RNA was extracted from each tissue sample and cDNA was generated. Gene expressions of RBP and beta-actin (as a housekeeping gene) were measured as relative quantity using reverse transcription-PCR. Data were analyzed using cycle threshold values, adjusted to (beta-actin, and significance was determined at P < 0.05. Serum samples (-21, -4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition) were analyzed for retinol concentration using a standard HPLC-based method. Cows had variable expression of hepatic RBP and serum retinol over the transition period, with a decline near parturition and a rebound toward prepartum levels later in lactation. In experiment 2, liver and visceral (intestinal) adipose tissues were sampled from dairy cows (n = 28) at slaughter. Expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was detected in all samples and variations among cows were highly significant for both genes. Across tissues, expression of RBP was positively correlated with that of TNF-alpha (r = 0.60). Within adipose tissue, expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was weakly correlated (r = 0.23), whereas in hepatic tissue, expression was strongly correlated (r = 0.62). In experiment 3, late-lactation dairy Holstein cows were blocked by parity and feed intake, and randomly assigned to control, recombinant bovine (rb)TNF challenge, or pair-fed control treatment (n = 5/treatment). Cows were injected with either rbTNF (subcutaneous injection of 2 mu g/kg of body weight in saline) or sterile saline (control and pair-fed control animals) once daily for 7 d. Liver biopsy was performed on d 7 and samples were processed for expression of RBP and TNF-alpha. Although TNF challenge caused an upregulation of hepatic TNF-alpha expression, as expected, it did not alter hepatic RBP expression. Overall, the temporal pattern of hepatic RBP gene expression during the periparturient period followed, to a great extent, that of plasma retinol. Although a strong positive correlation was previously detected between bovine hepatic RBP and TNF-alpha transcripts, rbTNF challenge did not cause alter RBP expression. These observations collectively imply that regulation of RBP at the transcription level is influenced by physiological state but may be independent from that of transthyretin, which is altered by proinflammatory stimuli (such as TNF-alpha) via induction of transcription factor nuclear factor-interleukin 6.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterol esters differ in milk, yoghurt, bread and cereal; Objective: To measure the relative effects of each of four phytosterol ester-enriched low-fat foods (bread, breakfast cereal, milk and yoghurt) on serum lipids, plasma phytosterols and carotenoids.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Treatment <i>JACC</i> Focus Seminar; This is an update of the previous 2018 systematic review and meta-analysis of vitamin and mineral supplementation on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. New randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses were identified by searching the Cochrane library, Medline, and Embase, and data were analyzed using random effects models and classified by the Grading of Recommendations Assessment Development and Evaluation approach. This updated review shows similar findings to the previous report for preventive benefits from both folic acid and B vitamins for stroke and has been graded with moderate quality. No effect was seen for the commonly used multivitamins, vitamin D, calcium, and vitamin C, and an increased risk was seen with niacin (with statin) for all-cause mortality. Conclusive evidence for the benefit of supplements across different dietary backgrounds, when the nutrient is sufficient, has not been demonstrated. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Effect of phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk on LDL-cholesterol in Thai subjects: a double-blinded randomized controlled trial; Background: Hypercholesterolemia, particularly high LDL-c and non-HDL-c levels, is a traditional risk for cardiovascular disease. Ingestion of diets containing phytosterols and inulin can reduce plasma LDL-c and triglyceride levels, respectively. Phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk may be an alternative for a supplemental diet to improve both LDL-c and non-HDL-c to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Effects of substituting dietary soybean protein and oil for milk protein and fat in subjects with hypercholesterolemia; Objectives: To determine whether, in individuals with hypercholesterolemia, substituting dietary soybean products for cows' milk products improves the plasma lipid profile and whether any change in the profile is due partially to soy oil.
Olive oil increases the magnitude of postprandial chylomicron remnants compared to milk fat and safflower oil; Objective: The acute effects of olive oil, milk fat and safflower oil on postprandial lipemia and remnant lipoprotein metabolism were investigated.
Leucine co-ingestion improves post-prandial muscle protein accretion in elderly men; Background & aims: It has been speculated that the amount of leucine in a meal largely determines the post-prandial muscle protein synthetic response to food intake. The present study investigates the impact of leucine co-ingestion on subsequent post-prandial muscle protein accretion following the ingestion of a single bolus of dietary protein in elderly males.
A randomized controlled clinical trial and preclinical efficacy of an Ayurvedic formulation <i>Arjuna Ksheerapaka Churna</i> for dyslipidemia; Arjuna Ksheerapaka is an Ayurvedic formulation prepared as a milk decoction of the powdered bark of Terminalia arjuna (Roxb.) Wight & Arn. It is clinically used for a variety of cardiovascular conditions. The current study investigated the efficacy of Arjuna Ksheerapaka Churna (AKC) against dyslipidemia using a preclinical model and a randomized, active-controlled clinical trial. Different groups of Sprague Dawley rats were fed with a high-fat diet (HFD) for 7 weeks, followed by 4 weeks of AKC treatment. After that, biochemical and histopathological parameters were studied with rosuvastatin as a reference standard. In the clinical study, 30 patients were randomized in 2 groups ( n = 15/group) and provided with AKC 6 g/day or rosuvastatin 10 mg/day orally for 8 weeks. The body mass index, serum biochemical, and haematological parameters were studied at the baseline (start of the treatment) and endpoint (end of the treatment). In the preclinical experiment, a marked decrease in the serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, and elevated high-density lipoprotein (HDL) was recorded in the AKC-treated groups compared to the vehicle control. AKC administration also decreased the serum aminotransferases level in contrast to the rosuvastatin treatment. The clinical study showed a marked reduction in triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL at the end of AKC treatment compared to the baseline. The effectiveness of AKC on triglycerides, total cholesterol, and LDL reduction at the endpoint was found to be equipotent to that of rosuvastatin. However, insignificant change was observed in the haematological and other biochemical parameters in both groups at the endpoint compared with the baseline. The preclinical results concluded AKC to be safer in a HFD rat model compared to rosuvastatin as it reduced the elevated serum aminotransferases level. The clinical effectiveness of AKC was found to be equipotent to rosuvastatin. Both, clinical and preclinical studies supported the therapeutic efficacy of AKC in dyslipidemia.
DOES A DIET HIGH IN CORN-OIL LOWER LDL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN WOMEN VIA AN EFFECT ON LDL RECEPTOR ACTIVITY; To determine if a high intake of corn oil alters LDL receptor activity, a model emphasizing freshly isolated mononuclear cells (MNC) was used with 12 women consuming 40 energy% fat diets based on corn oil or butter in a randomized crossover design. Each phase included 1 week of a prescribed but selfselected high saturated fat (SFA) diet at home followed by 4 weeks of a designated fat-based diet consumed in a metabolic kitchen. There was a 7-week washout period between phases. LDL degradation through and binding to LDL receptors were 63 and 100% higher, respectively, on the corn oil diet than the butter diet (P < 0.05). Changes in LDL receptor activity and serum LDL cholesterol concentration were moderately associated (r = -0.4 to -0.6). Compared with the butter group, total unsaturated and saturated fatty acid contents of MNC were 166% higher and 150% lower, respectively, in the corn oil group. Changes in saturated and unsaturated fatty acids and receptor-mediated LDL degradation were associated (r = -0.6 and 0.6, respectively). These findings suggest that the change in fatty acid composition in MNC may enhance the LDL receptor-mediated pathway. Receptor-mediated LDL degradation may account for only part of the effect of corn oil on serum LDL cholesterol concentrations in healthy women.
Lipidomic Profiling of Chylomicron Triacylglycerols in Response to High Fat Meals; Using lipidomic methodologies the impact that meal lipid composition and metabolic syndrome (MetS) exerts on the postprandial chylomicron triacylglycerol (TAG) response was examined. Males (9 control; 11 MetS) participated in a randomised crossover trial ingesting two high fat breakfast meals composed of either dairy-based foods or vegetable oil-based foods. The postprandial lipidomic molecular composition of the TAG in the chylomicron-rich (CM) fraction was analysed with tandem mass spectrometry coupled with liquid chromatography to profile CM TAG species and targeted TAG regioisomers. Postprandial CM TAG concentrations were significantly lower after the dairy-based foods compared with the vegetable oil-based foods for both control and MetS subjects. The CM TAG response to the ingested meals involved both significant and differential depletion of TAG species containing shorter- and medium-chain fatty acids (FA) and enrichment of TAG molecular species containing C16 and C18 saturated, monounsaturated and diunsaturated FA. Furthermore, there were significant changes in the TAG species between the food TAG and CM TAG and between the 3- and 5-h postprandial samples for the CM TAG regioisomers. Unexpectedly, the postprandial CM TAG concentration and CM TAG lipidomic responses did not differ between the control and MetS subjects. Lipidomic analysing of CM TAG molecular species revealed dynamic changes in the molecular species of CM TAG during the postprandial phase suggesting either preferential CM TAG species formation and/or clearance.
Medium-chain fatty acids lower postprandial lipemia: A randomized crossover trial; Epidemiological and interventional studies have linked saturated fatty acids (SFA) with elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and increased CVD risk. However, the effects of the SFA chain length on postprandial lipemia in humans are not well elucidated. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of short, medium and long-chain SFA on postprandial blood lipids in healthy volunteers. Sixteen healthy volunteers consumed test biscuits containing 40 g of either butter (BB), coconut oil (CB) or lard (LB) in a single-blinded, randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected fasting and 2, 3, 4, and 6 hours postprandially and assessed for blood lipids (total cholesterol, TC; high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, HDL-C; LDL-C and triglyceride, TG). The postprandial TG response following CB was 59.8% lower than following BB (p < 0.01) and 58.8% lower than LB (p < 0.01), although no difference was observed between the BB and the LB responses. The net area under the LDL-C concentration curve was significantly larger after consumption of the CB compared to the BB, despite no significant differences in postprandial net area under the TC and HDL-C concentration curves. Consumption of medium-chain SFA as CB resulted in lower postprandial TG excursions compared to short-chain SFA as BB and long-chain SFA as LB, despite their identical fat and caloric content. These results suggest that SFA differ in their potential to elevate postprandial lipid levels, and that coconut oil, a rich source of medium-chain SFA may not be as hyperlipidemic as animal fats rich in long chain SFA. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Associations between lactase persistence and the metabolic syndrome in a cross-sectional study in the Canary Islands; The single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) LCT -13910 C > T, associated with genetically determined phenotypes of lactase persistence (LP) or non-persistence (LNP), was studied in relation to the metabolic syndrome (MS).
Effects of skim milk fermented with <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> WW on the constitutions of rats fed a high-fat diet; This study investigated the effects of Lactobacillus plantarum WW-fermented skim milk (FSM) on the physiques of rats fed a high-fat diet and the mechanism of lipid lowering. Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into a normal diet group (A), a high-fat diet group (B), a skim milk diet group (C), and an L. plantarum WW FSM diet group (D). After 12-wk feeding, we found that treatment with L. plantarum WW FSM could significantly alleviate symptoms in the pathological group. Meanwhile, high-throughput sequencing analysis showed that L. plantarum WW FSM also had a certain regulatory effect on the intestinal microorganisms in rats, which can increase the number of lactic acid bacteria and Bacteroides in the intestine. More importantly, real-time quantitative PCR and Western blot analysis showed that the probiotic was also involved in the expression of genes related to fat metabolism, especially the PPARB and CEBPB genes. Our study supports the hypothesis that the WW strain of L. plantarum could be a potential probiotic to be used in functional foods to alter lipid metabolism and reduce cholesterol levels.
Effects of beta-1,3-glucan supplementation on concentrations of serum metabolites in transition Holstein cows; Objectives of this study were to evaluate the alleviating effects of a commercial beta-1,3-glucan product (Aleta, containing 50% beta-1,3-glucan, Kemin Industries) on metabolic stress in transition Holstein cows as reflected by circulating metabolites and enzymes. Fifty-four multiparous Holstein cows were randomly allocated to three groups with 18 cows each. Cows in each group received a commercial basal diet or the basal diet supplemented with Aleta calculated to supply 5 or 10 g of Aleta per cow per day. Blood samples were collected at day - 21, 1, and 21 relative to calving for determination of serum triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), glucose, insulin, beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), and non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA). Supplementation with Aleta markedly elevated serum concentrations of TG, TC, HDL-C LDL-C and VLDL, implying its positive effect on lipid metabolism in transition dairy cows. Aleta treatment significantly decreased the serum concentrations of NEFA and BHBA, but markedly elevated the serum concentrations of glucose and insulin. Also, Aleta treatment significantly elevated the dry matter intake and milk production in postpartum cows, indicating the alleviating effect of Aleta on negative energy balance in transition cows. Moreover, Aleta treatment significantly reduced the serum activities of AST, ALT and GGT, indicating its hepatoprotective effect on transition cows. These results suggest that Aleta supplementation may help to improve fat metabolism disorder initiated by negative energy balance in transition dairy cows.
Selenium Supplementation in Pregnancy-Maternal and Newborn Outcomes; Background. Several studies have suggested that increased oxidative stress during pregnancy may be associated with adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. As selenium is an essential mineral with an antioxidant role, our aim was to perform a systematic review of the existing literature reporting the effects of selenium supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Materials and Methods. Six electronic databases (Medline, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Scopus, and PubMed) were searched for studies reporting the effects of selenium supplementation during pregnancy and the postpartum period on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Only randomised controlled trials on human subjects reported in English and published up to October 2021 were included. Quality assessments were conducted using the modified Downs and Black quality assessment tool. Data were extracted using a narrative synthesis. Results. Twenty-two articles were included in our systematic review (seventeen reported on maternal outcomes, two on newborn outcomes, and three on both). Maternal studies reported the effects of selenium supplementation in the prevention of thyroid dysfunction, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia, oxidative stress, postpartum depression, premature rupture of membranes, intrauterine growth retardation, breastmilk composition, and HIV-positive women. Newborn studies reported the effects of maternal selenium supplementation on foetal oxidation stress, foetal lipid profile, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and newborn outcomes in HIV-positive mothers. The majority of studies were inappropriately designed to establish clinical or scientific utility. Of interest, four studies reported that selenium supplementation reduced the incidence of thyroid dysfunction and permanent hypothyroidism during the postpartum period by reducing thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin antibody titres. Conclusion. The evidence supporting selenium supplementation during pregnancy is poor and there is a need for appropriately designed randomised controlled trials before routine use can be recommended.
Dietary hydrogenated fat increases high-density lipoprotein apoA-I catabolism and decreases low-density lipoprotein apoB-100 catabolism in hypercholesterolemic women; Objective - To determine mechanisms contributing to decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations associated with hydrogenated fat intake, kinetic studies of apoA-I, apoB-100, and apoB-48 were conducted using stable isotopes.
Production, composition, fatty acid profile and sensory analysis of goat milk in goats fed buriti oil; This study evaluated the effects of replacing ground corn with buriti oil (Mauritia flexuosa L.) on feed intake and digestibility and on the production, composition, fatty acid profile and sensory characteristics of goat milk. A double Latin square (4 x 4) was used; eight goats were distributed in a completely randomized design. The square comprised four periods and four buriti oil concentration (0.00; 1.50; 3.00 and 4.50% of total DM) replacing corn. Intakes of DM, CP, NDF, ADF, non-fibrous carboydrates (NFC) and TDN were not affected by the replacement of corn with oil in the diet. However, lipids intake was increased (P < 0.01) by 100% in the diet of goats with 4.50% oil inclusion, as total DM. DM and CP digestibility were similar between the buriti oil concentrations. However, lipid digestibility increased linearly (P = 0.01) and may have contributed to a quadratic reduction in NDF digestibility (P = 0.01) and a linear reduction of NFC (P = 0.04) with buriti oil content in the goat feed. Goat milk production, corrected production4% fat and chemical composition were not influenced by the concentration of buriti oil replacement; however, milk fat concentration (P = 0.04) and feed efficiency (P < 0.01) increased linearly with the amount of buriti oil in the diet. There was a linear reduction on hypercholesterolemic SFA such as C12: 0 (P < 0.01) and C14: 0 (P < 0.01) as well as the atherogenic index (AI; P < 0.01) with buriti oil inclusion in goat's diet. In contrast, the fatty acids C18: 0 (P < 0.01) and C18: 1 cis9 (P < 0.01) increased linearly in the milk of goats that were fed with buriti oil. However, CLA (P < 0.01) varied quadratically; the maximum production of 0.62 g/ 100 g of fat was observed when using 1.50% buriti oil. The sensory characteristics of the milk were not changed (P > 0.05) by the replacement of corn with buriti oil in the goats' diet. It is recommended to replace corn with buriti oil in goat feed by up to 4.5% of total DM, resulting in improved feed efficiency and milk fat without affecting production; this recommendation satisfies the minimum requirements of the industry and preserves the organoleptic characteristics of the milk and its acceptability for human consumption. In addition, buriti oil replacing ground corn by up to 4.5% DM in the diet of lactating goats decrease medium-chain SFA which are hypercholesterolemic and increase the concentrations of the C18: 1cis9, CLA and DFA in goat milk fat, helping to protect against cardiovascular disease.
Influence of a stearic acid-rich structured triacylglycerol on postprandial lipemia, factor VII concentrations, and fibrinolytic activity in healthy subjects; Background: An elevated postprandial lipid concentration is believed to be atherogenic and to increase the risk of thrombosis.
Blunted nutrient-response pathways in adipose tissue following high fat meals in men with metabolic syndrome: A randomized postprandial transcriptomic study; Background: Excessive adipose tissue is central to disease burden posed by the Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Whilst much is known of the altered transcriptomic regulation of adipose tissue under fasting conditions, little is known of the responses to high-fat meals. Methods: Nineteen middle-aged males (mean ? SD 52.0 ? 4.6 years), consumed two isocaloric high-fat, predominately dairy-based or soy-based, breakfast meals. Abdominal subcutaneous adipose biopsies were collected after overnight fast (0 h) and 4 h following each meal. Global gene expression profiling was performed by microarray (Illumina Human WG-6 v3). Results: In the fasted state, 13 genes were differently expressed between control and MetS adipose tissue ( 0.05). In response to the meals, the control participants had widespread in-creases in genes related to cellular nutrient responses ( 0.05; 2444 & 2367 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). There was blunted response in the MetS group ( 1.2 fold-change, p < 0.05; 332 336 genes; dairy & soy, respectively). Conclusions: In middle-aged males with MetS, a widespread suppression of the subcutaneous adipose tissue nutrient responsive gene expression suggests an inflexibility in the transcriptomic responsiveness both high-fat meals. ? 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Energy compensation following consumption of sugar-reduced products: a randomized controlled trial; Consumption of sugar-reformulated products (commercially available foods and beverages that have been reduced in sugar content through reformulation) is a potential strategy for lowering sugar intake at a population level. The impact of sugar-reformulated products on body weight, energy balance (EB) dynamics and cardiovascular disease risk indicators has yet to be established. The REFORMulated foods (REFORM) study examined the impact of an 8-week sugar-reformulated product exchange on body weight, EB dynamics, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, glycemia and lipemia.
The impact of probiotic yogurt consumption on lipid profiles in subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background and aims: Potential beneficial effect of probiotic yogurt on the lipid profile has raised much interest. However, the results are inconsistent in this regard. The aim of the study is to determine the effects of probiotic yogurt on serum lipid profile in individuals with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Low and moderate-fat plant sterol fortified soymilk in modulation of plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics in subjects with normal to high cholesterol concentrations: report on two randomized crossover studies; Background: Although consumption of various plant sterol (PS)-enriched beverages is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, the lipid-lowering potential of PS in a soymilk format has not been investigated thoroughly. Therefore, to evaluate the efficacy of PS-enriched soy beverages on plasma lipids and cholesterol kinetics, we conducted two separate 28 d dietary controlled cross-over studies. In study 1, the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a low-fat (2 g/serving) PS enriched soy beverage was examined in 33 normal cholesterolemic subjects in comparison with 1% dairy milk. In study 2, we investigated the efficacy of a moderate-fat (3.5 g/serving) PS-enriched soy beverage on plasma cholesterol concentrations and cholesterol kinetic responses in 23 hypercholesterolemic subjects compared with 1% dairy milk. Both the low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk varieties provided 1.95 g PS/d. Endpoint plasma variables were analyzed by repeated-measures ANOVA using baseline values as covariates for plasma lipid measurements.
Influence of triacylglycerol structure on the postprandial response of factor VII to stearic acid-rich fats; Background: The consumption of a synthetic, randomized, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol results in decreased postprandial lipemia and activated factor VII (FVII:a) compared with cocoa butter (a nonrandomized, symmetrical, stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol). It was hypothesized that this difference is a consequence of the differences in structure between the 2 triacylglycerols.
Effects of the Consumption of Probiotic Yogurt Containing <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> <i>Bb12</i> on the Levels of <i>Streptococcus mutans</i> and Lactobacilli in Saliva of Students with Initial Stages of Dental Caries: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; Dental caries, caused by oral microbiota, is one of the most common human diseases. The present study aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of probiotic yogurt containing Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on salivary Streptococcus mutans and lactobacilli in students with initial stages of dental caries. In this double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial, 66 students (18-30 years) with initial stages of dental caries were selected and randomly assigned into 2 groups: the intervention group received 300 g/day of probiotic yogurt and the control group received 300 g/day of conventional yogurt for 2 weeks. An unstimulated fasting saliva sample was collected pre- and post-intervention. Bacterial counting was performed for salivary S. mutans and lactobacilli. A significant reduction in salivary S. mutans and lactobacillus counts was observed in the intervention group compared to their baseline and compared to the control group. In conclusion, it is suggested that the consumption of probiotic yogurt containing B. lactis Bb12 may modify the oral biofilm.
Cheese consumption and prevalence of overweight and obesity in a Basque adult population: a cross-sectional study; Studies have reported a negative association between dairy product consumption and weight status. However, not as much research has focused on cheese; therefore, the aim of this study was to study the association between cheese intake and overweight and obesity in a representative Basque adult population. A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was obtained from a random sample of 1081 adults (530 males and 551 females, 17-96 years old). Cheese consumption data were expressed as g/1000 kcal/day. The prevalence of overweight/obesity was higher in men (55.1%) than in women (35.4%) (p<0.001). Participants with low or moderate intake of fresh and processed cheese demonstrated a higher prevalence of excess weight, compared with those with higher consumption. The confounding variables selected in multivariate analysis were: occupational status and age in both genders; and place of residence in men. In conclusion, negative associations were found between consumption of some types of cheese and overweight and obesity in this population.
Effects of a very high saturated fat diet on LDL particles in adults with atherogenic dyslipidemia: A randomized controlled trial; Background
The effect of vegetable oil-based cheese on serum total and lipoprotein lipids; Objective: To investigate the effect of rapeseed oil-based cheese (milk-fat substituted by rapeseed oil) on serum total and lipoprotein lipid concentrations and blood pressure in reference to ordinary, milk-fat-based cheese in subjects with mildly to moderately elevated serum cholesterol concentration.
Soy milk consumption, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with rheumatoid arthritis: A randomised cross-over clinical trial; Aim: The purpose of the present study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammatory and oxidative stress markers among women with rheumatoid arthritis.
The therapeutic effect of silymarin in the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty disease A meta-analysis (PRISMA) of randomized control trials; Background: Silymarin (SIL) is an active extraction of the silybum marianum, milk thistle, which is an ancient medicinal plant for treatment of various liver diseases for centuries. This study is to assess the therapeutic effect of SIL in the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease through meta-analysis.
Genistein Supplementation and Cardiac Function in Postmenopausal Women with Metabolic Syndrome: Results from a Pilot Strain-Echo Study; Genistein, a soy-derived isoflavone, may improve cardiovascular risk profile in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome (MetS), but few literature data on its cardiac effects in humans are available. The aim of this sub-study of a randomized double-blind case-control study was to analyze the effect on cardiac function of one-year genistein dietary supplementation in 22 post-menopausal patients with MetS. Participants received 54 mg/day of genistein (n = 11) or placebo (n = 11) in combination with a Mediterranean-style diet and regular exercise. Left ventricular (LV) systolic function was assessed as the primary endpoint, according to conventional and strain-echocardiography measurements. Also, left atrial (LA) morphofunctional indices were investigated at baseline and at the final visit. Results were expressed as median with interquartile range (IQ). A significant improvement of LV ejection fraction (20.3 (IQ 12.5) vs. 1.67 (IQ 24.8); p = 0.040)), and LA area fractional change (11.1 (IQ 22.6) vs. 2.8 (9.5); p = 0.034)) were observed in genistein patients compared to the controls, following 12 months of treatment. In addition, body surface area indexed LA systolic volume and peak LA longitudinal strain significantly changed from basal to the end of the study in genistein-treated patients. One-year supplementation with 54 mg/day of pure genistein improved both LV ejection fraction and LA remodeling and function in postmenopausal women with MetS.
The lipid-lowering effect of once-daily soya drink fortified with phytosterols in normocholesterolaemic Chinese: a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Purpose Phytosterols reduce intestinal cholesterol absorption and help to lower LDL-cholesterol. Many Chinese adults are lactose-intolerant and cannot tolerate bovine milk enriched with phytosterol. Soya-milk is a common beverage in Asia and it has beneficial effects on general health. We therefore conducted a randomized double-blind controlled trial to assess the effectiveness of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink in lowering serum LDL-cholesterol level (primary outcome) and other cardiovascular parameters (secondary outcomes). Methods One hundred and fifty-nine normocholesterolaemic participants (85 men and 74 women; aged 19-79) were randomized to daily intake of one serving of phytosterols-enriched soya drink (N = 82), equivalent to 2 g of phytosterol per day, or a matched soya drink without phytosterols (N = 77) for 3 weeks. Adverse events, withdrawal and compliance were documented. Results Among the treatment group (N = 82), phytosterols-enriched soya drink significantly decreased LDL-cholesterol by 5.96% (SE 1.48, 95% CI - 8.91%, - 3.00%) with a median of 6.74% compared with baseline, resulting in a significant reduction of 4.70% (95% CI - 8.89%, - 0.51%; p = 0.028) with a median of 5.20% compared with placebo (N = 77). In contrast, there were no significant changes in other lipid parameters, blood glucose, blood pressure, body weight or waist circumference. Remarkably, 95% of the participants randomized to the fortified drink reported no adverse events at all. Conclusions Daily consumption of a phytosterols-enriched soya drink may be a simple and cost-neutral means of lowering LDL-cholesterol in individuals in China, with massive population and rising incidence of coronary heart disease (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02881658; date of registration: 14 Aug 2016).
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications; Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood.
Consequences of supplying methyl donors during pregnancy on the methylome of the offspring from lactating and non-lactating dairy cattle; The aim of this study was to evaluate the potential effects of methyl donor supplementation of pregnant animals in the presence or absence of a concomitant lactation on the methylome of the offspring. Twenty Holstein cows, 10 nulliparous (non-lactating while pregnant) and 10 multiparous (lactating while pregnant) were blocked by parity and randomly assigned to an i.m. weekly injections of a placebo (CTRL) or a solution containing methyl donors (MET). After calving, 5 calves randomly selected from each treatment (two born to non-lactating and three to lactating dams) were blood-sampled to determine their full methylome. There were more than 2,000 CpG differentially methylated between calves born to CTRL and those born to MET, and also between calves born to lactating and non-lactating dams. Most of the differences affected genes involved in immune function, cell growth regulation and differentiation, kinase activity, and ion channeling. We conclude that the coexistence of pregnancy and lactation affects the methylome of the offspring, and that supplementation of methyl donors early in gestation has also consequences on the methylome.
Administration of silymarin in NAFLD/NASH: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction and Objectives: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease with a high prevalence worldwide and poses serious harm to human health. There is growing evidence suggesting that the administration of specific supplements or nutrients may slow NAFLD progression. Silymarin is a hepatoprotective extract of milk thistle, but its efficacy in NAFLD remains unclear. Materials and Methods: Relevant studies were searched in PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, clinicaltrails.gov, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure and were screened according to the eligibility criteria. Data were analyzed using Revman 5.3. Continuous values and dichotomous values were pooled using the standard mean difference (SMD) and odds ratio (OR). Heterogeneity was evaluated using the Cochran's Q test (I2 statistic). A P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: A total of 26 randomized controlled trials involving 2,375 patients were included in this study. Administration of silymarin significantly reduced the levels of TC (SMD[95%CI]=-0.85[-1.23, -0.47]), TG (SMD [95%CI]=-0.62[-1.14, -0.10]), LDL-C (SMD[95%CI]=-0.81[-1.31, -0.31]), FI (SMD[95%CI]=-0.59[-0.91, -0.28]) and HOMA -IR (SMD[95%CI]=-0.37[-0.77, 0.04]), and increased the level of HDL-C (SMD[95%CI]=0.46[0.03, 0.89]). In addition, silymarin attenuated liver injury as indicated by the decreased levels of ALT (SMD[95%CI] =-12.39[-19.69, -5.08]) and AST (SMD[95% CI]=-10.97[-15.51, -6.43]). The levels of fatty liver index (SMD [95%CI]=-6.64[-10.59, -2.69]) and fatty liver score (SMD[95%CI]=-0.51[-0.69, -0.33]) were also decreased. Liver histology of the intervention group revealed significantly improved hepatic steatosis (OR[95%CI]=3.25 [1.80, 5.87]). Conclusions: Silymarin can regulate energy metabolism, attenuate liver damage, and improve liver histology in NAFLD patients. However, the effects of silymarin will need to be confirmed by further research. (c) 2023 Fundaci & oacute;n Cl & iacute;nica M & eacute;dica Sur, A.C. Published by Elsevier Espa & ntilde;a, S.L.U. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/)
Premeal Low-Fat Yogurt Consumption Reduces Postprandial Inflammation and Markers of Endotoxin Exposure in Healthy Premenopausal Women in a Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metabolic endotoxemia is associated with obesity and contributes to postprandial inflammation.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on lipid profiles in pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Due to enhanced fat storage primarily during the mid-pregnancy period, pregnancy is associated with elevated levels of lipid profiles. To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum lipid profiles in pregnant women. Objective: This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on lipid profiles of Iranian pregnant women. Methods: This randomized single-blinded controlled clinical trial was performed among 70 pregnant women, primigravida, aged 18-30 years old who were carrying singleton pregnancy at their third trimester. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume 200 g/d of conventional (n = 33) or the probiotic group (n = 37) for 9 weeks. The probiotic yoghurt was a commercially available product prepared with the starter cultures of Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus, enriched with probiotic culture of two strains of lactobacilli (Lactobacillus acidophilus LA5) and bifidobacteria (Bifidobacterium animalis BB12) with a total of min 1 x 10(7) colony-forming units. The conventional yoghurt contained the starter cultures of S. thermophilus and L. bulgaricus. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 9-weeks intervention to measure serum lipid profiles. Results: Although consumption of probiotic yogurt for 9 weeks had been resulted in a significant reduction in serum total-(-53.7 mg/dL, p = 0.001), LDL-(-35.2 mg/dL, p = 0.006) and HDL-cholesterol levels (-9.8 mg/dL, p = 0.002) as well as serum triglyceride concentrations (-42.8 mg/dL, p = 0.029), no significant differences were found comparing probiotic and conventional yogurts in terms of their effect on serum lipid profiles. Within-Group differences in conventional yogurt group revealed a significant reduction in HDL-cholesterol levels (-8.4 mg/dL, p = 0.005) and borderline significant reduction in serum total cholesterol concentrations (-21.6 mg/dL, p = 0.08). Conclusion: In conclusion, consumption of probiotic yogurt among pregnant women could not affect serum lipid profiles as compared to the conventional yogurt.
Postprandial Lipemic Responses to Various Sources of Saturated and Monounsaturated Fat in Adults; Background: Postprandial lipemia (PPL) is a cardiovascular disease risk factor. However, the effects of different fat sources on PPL remain unclear. We aimed to determine the postprandial response in triglycerides (TG) to four dietary fat sources in adults. Methods: Participants completed four randomized meal trials. For each meal trial, participants (n = 10; 5M/5F) consumed a high-fat meal (HFM) (13 kcal/kg; 61% of total kcal from fat) with the fat source derived from butter, coconut oil, olive oil, or canola oil. Blood was drawn hourly for 6 h post-meal to quantify PPL. Results: Two-way ANOVA of TG revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), but no time-meal interaction (p = 0.56), or meal effect (p = 0.35). Meal trials did not differ with regard to TG total (p = 0.33) or incremental (p = 0.14) area-under-the-curve. When stratified by sex and the TG response was averaged across meals, two-way ANOVA revealed a time effect (p < 0.0001), time-group interaction (p = 0.0001), and group effect (p = 0.048), with men exhibiting a greater response than women, although this difference could be attributed to the pronounced difference in BMI between men and women within the sample. Conclusion: In our sample of young adults, postprandial TG responses to a single HFM comprised of different fat sources did not differ.
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic supplementation in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: This study was performed to determine the effects of probiotic supplementation on clinical and metabolic status of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA).
Effects of Phytosterol Supplementation on Serum Levels of Lipid Profiles, Liver Enzymes, Inflammatory Markers, Adiponectin, and Leptin in Patients Affected by Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Considering the high prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and based on the evidence about the role of dietary cholesterol in liver inflammation, and also with regard to the effect of phytosterols on the metabolism of cholesterol, we aimed at exploring the therapeutic potential of phytosterol supplementation against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Method: Thirty-eight patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were randomly divided into two groups: The phytosterol group (n = 19) received a 1.6-g phytosterol supplement daily and the control group (n = 19) received 1.6 g starch daily as placebo for an 8-week period. Blood samples of all patients were taken at baseline (week 0) and at the end of the study (week 8) for measurement of lipid profiles, liver enzymes, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, and leptin. Results: Phytosterol supplementation significantly improved the levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha compared to the placebo group. On the other hand, there were no significant differences between the two groups in total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, ratios of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, gamma-glutamyl transferase, interleukin 6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, adiponectin, and leptin. Conclusions: The present study suggested that daily consumption of 1.6 g phytosterols efficiently lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Meta-Analysis: Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Lipid Profiles in Normal to Mildly Hypercholesterolemic Individuals; Introduction
Effects of 3 diets with various calcium contents on 24-h energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and adipose tissue message RNA expression of lipid metabolism-related proteins; Background: Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicates that calcium intake may be inversely related to body weight, possibly through alterations in 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 [1,25(OH)(2)D-3] metabolism.
Hypertriglyceridemia and CVD Risk Factors' Reduction Using Lapacho Tea; In earlier studies Tabebuia impetiginosa extract inhibited lipase and slowed the increase of postprandial triglycerides in rats given a fat load. Therefore, we investigated its triglyceride lowering and cardioprotective effects in Wistar rats fed a high fat and fructose diet (HFFD). In a dose-effect trial, three groups of 21 rats each were fed for 74 days only HFFD (controls), or HFFD, to which either 0.3 (HFFD+lowL) or 0.6 mg dry Tabebuia impetiginosa extract per kg food (HFFD+highL) was added. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and at the end of intervention. Tabebuia impetiginosa extract lowered dose-dependently and significantly (p<0.05) plasma triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), atherogenic index (AI), cardiovascular risk index (CRI) and liver TG, as well as fasting blood glucose (FBG) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), with coefficients of determination (R-2) ranging between 0.083 and 0.270 and corresponding correlation coefficients between - 0.288 and -0.519 (General Linear Model (GLM) procedure). Fat malassimilation was not observed. In conclusion, Tabebuia impetiginosa extract might be a promising adjunct in the management of hypertriglyceridemia and other risk factors of cardiovascular disease, common in obesity and diabetes.
Effect of <i>L. acidophilus</i> and <i>B.</i> <i>lactis</i> on blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized placebo-controlled trial; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy that can be associated with neonatal complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Recently, probiotic use has been proposed for better control of glucose in GDM patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of probiotic yoghurt compare with ordinary yoghurt on GDM women. Methods In this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 84 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned into two groups of 42 recipients who underwent 300 g/day of probiotic yoghurt or placebo for 8 weeks. Blood glucose, HbA1c, and the outcome of pregnancy were compared between the two groups after the intervention. Results According to the findings of present trial no significant differences were observed in general characteristics between the two groups (p > 0.05). Both fasting and post prandial blood glucose as well as the level of HbA1c were decreased significantly in probiotic group (p < 0.05), although these changes are not statistically significant in the placebo group. The between group differences was significant after the 2 month intervention (p < 0.05). Neonates born of probiotic group mothers, have significantly lower weight and fewer macrosome neonates were born in this group compared with control group (p < 0.05). However, no difference was observed in other values of outcome. Conclusions Our study revealed that better control of blood glucose can be achieved by consumption of probiotic yoghurt in patients whose pregnancy is complicated by GDM, compared with placebo. Also incidence of macrosomia may be decreased by this regimen.
Response to a glucose tolerance test in early-lactation Holstein cows receiving a supplementation of biotin, folic acid, and vitamin B<sub>12</sub>; The aim of the study was to evaluate glucose and insulin metabolism of cows receiving a supplementation of biotin (B-8), folic acid (B-9), and vitamin B-12 (B-12) during the transition period. According to a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement, 32 cows were randomly assigned to 9 incomplete blocks according to their previous 305-d milk yield. Within each block, cows were randomly assigned to 1 of the following levels of biotin from -27 to 28 d relative to the parturition: (1) no biotin supplement (B-8-) or (2) 20 mg/d of dietary biotin (B-8+). Within each level of biotin, the cows received either (1) 2-mL weekly intramuscular injections of saline 0.9% NaCl (B9B12-) or (2) 2.6 g/d of dietary folic acid and 2-mL weekly intramuscular injections of 10 mg of vitamin B-12 (B9B12+). Art intravenous glucose tolerance test was performed at 25 d in milk. Baseline plasma glucagon, glucose, and nonesterified fatty acid concentrations did not differ among treatments. For B9B12+ cows, baseline plasma insulin concentration and maximal glucose concentration after glucose administration were greater when also combined with biotin compared with no biotin combination, whereas there was no effect in B9B12- cows. There was no treatment effect on time to reach half-maximal glucose and insulin concentrations, glucose positive incremental area under the curve, and glucose and insulin clearance rates. Regarding insulin results, maximal plasma concentration and positive incremental area under the curve were respectively 51 and 74% greater for cows receiving the B-8 supplement than for cows who did not. Moreover, plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentration nadir tended to be reached later for B-8 cows. Insulin peak was reached earlier for cows in the group B9B12+ than cows in regard-less of B-8 supplementation. Under the current conditions, our results suggested that cows receiving a B-8 supplement had a reduced insulin sensitivity in early lactation. Insulin response was faster for B9B12+ cows, but this was not translated into further improvements following the glucose administration challenge.
Towards a comprehensive theory of obesity and a healthy diet: The causal role of oxidative stress in food addiction and obesity; Background: Obesity is a major public health problem whose prevalence has been rapidly increasing in the United States (U.S), and globally. It is one of the leading causes of preventable deaths globally and contributes to the development of many diseases.
Whey protein lowers systolic blood pressure and Ca-caseinate reduces serum TAG after a high-fat meal in mildly hypertensive adults; Epidemiological studies show an inverse association between dairy consumption and blood pressure (BP) but there are few data on the postprandial effects of milk proteins. This study examined their effects, compared to maltodextrin, on postprandial BP and other CVD risk markers in volunteers with mild and pre-hypertension over an 8 h period. In this double-blinded, randomised, cross-over, controlled study 27 adults ingested a high-fat, isoenergetic breakfast and lunch with 28 g whey protein, 28 g Ca-caseinate or 27 g maltodextrin. Whey protein reduced systolic BP compared with Ca-caseinate (-15.2 +/- 13.6 mmHg) and maltodextrin (-23.4 +/- 10.5 mmHg) up to 5 h post-ingestion. There was an improvement in arterial stiffness after whey protein compared with maltodextrin (incremental Area Under the Curve-iAUC(0-8h): + 14.4 +/- 6.2%). Despite similar glucose levels after both whey protein and Ca-caseinate, whey protein induced a higher insulin response than Ca-caseinate (iAUC(0-8h): + 219.5 +/- 54.6 pmol/L). Ca-caseinate induced less suppression of non-esterified fatty acids than whey protein (iAUC(0-5h): -58.9 +/- 135.5 mu mol/L) and maltodextrin (iAUC(0-5h): -106.9 +/- 89.4 mu mol/L) and induced a smaller postprandial triacylglycerol response than whey protein (iAUC(0-8h): -1.68 +/- 0.6 mmol/L). Milk proteins co-ingestion with high-fat meals may have the potential to maintain or improve CVD risk factors.
Appetite sensation improvement by synbiotic supplementation in patients with metabolic syndrome: A randomized controlled clinical trial; The potential link between dysbiosis, features of metabolic syndrome (MetS), inflammation, and sensation impairment has been recently recognized. However, in this context, there are few indications available regarding the effects of co-supplementation with Bacillus indicus, Bacillus coagulans, and fructooligosaccharide (FOS) prebiotics on patients with MetS. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on glycemic indices, inflammatory biomarkers, and appetite among adults with MetS. This study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial conducted in the Endocrine and Metabolism Research Center outpatient clinic in Isfahan, Iran. Fifty-eight MetS patients were randomly assigned to receive either synbiotics (n = 29) or placebo (n = 29) supplementation twice per day for 8 weeks. Finally, 55 patients were recruited for analyses (28 in the intervention group and 27 in the placebo group). Random permuted blocks and a computer-generated random number table were used for treatment allocation. No adverse effects were reported during the study. There were no significant differences in glycemic indices and inflammatory markers within- and between groups (all p > .05). However, a significant increase in the sensation of fullness was documented in the synbiotic group. In conclusion, the eight-week treatment did not improve glycemic control and inflammatory markers. Nevertheless, it demonstrated potential efficacy in enhancing participants' appetite sensations, warranting further evaluation in longer intervention periods during future clinical trials.
A spread containing bioactive milk peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro, and plant sterols has antihypertensive and cholesterol-lowering effects; Lifestyle intervention is recommended as the primary treatment for mild hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We studied the effects of a spread containing bioactive milk peptides IPP and VPP, as well as plant sterols, on cardiovascular risk factors in 104 hypertensive, hypercholesterolemic subjects in a randomised, placebo-controlled double-blind intervention. Middle-aged subjects consumed 20 g day(-1) of a spread containing 4.2 mg of IPP and VPP as well as 2 g of plant sterols for 10 weeks after a 2 week run-in period. Blood pressure was measured at home 3 times a week. Office blood pressure and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure measurements were performed at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. Blood samples were analysed for serum lipids, plasma glucose and inflammation markers. A significant decrease (-4.1 mmHg vs. -0.5 mmHg, p = 0.007) in systolic blood pressure was seen in the active group, compared to placebo at home measurements. Office blood pressure and 24 h nighttime or daytime ambulatory systolic or diastolic pressure did not differ between the groups. Total (-0.16 vs. 0.25 mmol l(-1), p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (-0.16 vs. 0.18 mmol l(-1), p = 0.006) decreased significantly in the active group compared to the placebo. No significant differences between groups were seen for plasma glucose or inflammation markers. The results thus suggest that milk peptides IPP and VPP and plant sterols, in a low-fat spread matrix, produce a clinically significant reduction in systolic blood pressure as well as serum total and LDL cholesterol without adverse effects. Functional foods that affect 2 major risk factors offer a safe and convenient way to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by supporting lifestyle intervention.
Effects of probiotic supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trial; The aim of this meta-analysis was to assess the effects of probiotic consumption on the lipid profiles of hypercholesterolemic patients in randomized controlled trials (RCT). We performed systematic searches in The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Medline and Google Scholar for relevant studies published up to March 2020. Of the 2346 reports that were screened, 13 randomized clinical trials were selected. The pooled data revealed that probiotic supplementation significantly (p < 0.05) decreased total cholesterol (TC) [n = 20; standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.30; 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.43, - 0.16; p < 0.0001] and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels (n = 20; SMD = -0.32; 95% CI: -0.46, -0.19; p < 0.00001) in hypercholesterolemic patients. We found that the administration of probiotics counteracted some aspects of dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic patients.
Effects of dexamethasone and growth hormone treatment on hepatic gluconeogenic enzymes in calves; The hypothesis was tested that dexamethasone (DX) and bovine somatotropin (bST) alter expression or activity of gluconeogenic enzymes in neonatal calves. Holstein dairy calves (n=24) were randomly divided in 4 groups and were treated with saline (control group), with DX at 30 mu g/kg body weight per d (CDX), with 500 mg of sustained-release recombinant bST every 14 d (CbST), and with the combination of DX and bST from d 3 through 42 of life (CbSTDX). Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were elevated throughout the study in CbSTDX, and insulin concentrations were elevated in CDX from d 7 to 28. Treatment with DX and the combination of DX and bST increased plasma glucagon concentrations from d 14 to 42, but decreased plasma cortisol concentrations on d 7 and 14 when compared with control calves. In liver, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) mRNA levels were reduced in CDX and CbSTDX when compared with control calves or CbST. The activity of PEPCK on d 14 was higher in CbSTDX compared with control calves. Pyruvate carboxylase mRNA levels were decreased on d 7 in CDX and CbSTDX. Pyruvate carboxylase activities on d 14 and 28 were lower in CDX and CbSTDX than in control calves or CbST. These data indicate an age-dependent response to DX for blood metabolites, expression and activities of hepatic PEPCK and pyruvate carboxylase, and for effects of bST, suggesting that glucocorticoid status is important.
Regulation of Amino Acid Transporters and Sensors in Response to a High protein Diet: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Elderly Men; BackgroundThe mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) is fundamental for many cellular processes, yet it is often dysregulated with aging. Increased amino acid (AA) availability is correlated with the expression of AA transporters (AAT) and mTORC1 activity. Although many AA sensors and mediators have been proposed to relay the AA signal to mTORC1, it has not yet been determined if chronic dietary intervention affects the expression of AAT, sensors and mediators and their relationships with mTORC1 activity.Objective and DesignThis study investigated whether the consumption of a diet containing either the current recommended daily allowance (RDA) of protein intake (0.8 g/kg/d) or twice the RDA (2RDA) for ten weeks affected the expression of targets associated with AA transport, sensing and mTORC1 regulation in 26 older men (70-81 years).MethodMuscle biopsies were collected before and after the intervention under fasting conditions. Diets were controlled by providing fully prepared meals and snacks. Western blot and quantitative polymerase chain reaction were used to measure protein and gene expression respectively.ResultsConsumption of 2RDA reduced the protein expression of L-type amino acid transporter 1 (LAT1). However, plasma leucine concentration and basal mTORC1 activity were unaltered. The downregulation of LAT1 did not affect the expression of AA sensors and mediators, including leucyl tRNA synthetase (LRS), cytosolic arginine sensor for mTORC1 (CASTOR1), Sestrin2 and Rag proteins. Instead, total ribosomal protein S6 (RPS6) was upregulated with 2RDA.ConclusionTen weeks of 2RDA diet did not affect the fasting mTORC1 signaling, but increased total RPS6 might suggest improved muscular translational capacity to maintain muscular mass.
Dietary Cholesterol, Serum Lipids, and Heart Disease: Are Eggs Working for or Against You?; The relationship between blood cholesterol and heart disease is well-established, with the lowering of serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol being the primary target of preventive therapy. Furthermore, epidemiological studies report lower risk for heart disease with higher concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol. There has also been considerable interest in studying the relationship between dietary cholesterol intake and heart disease risk. Eggs are one of the richest sources of cholesterol in the diet. However, large-scale epidemiological studies have found only tenuous associations between the intake of eggs and cardiovascular disease risk. Well-controlled, clinical studies show the impact of dietary cholesterol challenges via egg intake on serum lipids is highly variable, with the majority of individuals (similar to 2/3 of the population) having only minimal responses, while those with a significant response increase both LDL and HDL-cholesterol, typically with a maintenance of the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio. Recent drug trials targeting HDL-cholesterol have been unsuccessful in reducing cardiovascular events, and thus it is unclear if raising HDL-cholesterol with chronic egg intake is beneficial. Other important changes with egg intake include potentially favorable effects on lipoprotein particle profiles and enhancing HDL function. Overall, the increased HDL-cholesterol commonly observed with dietary cholesterol feeding in humans appears to also coincide with improvements in other markers of HDL function. However, more investigation into the effects of dietary cholesterol on HDL functionality in humans is warranted. There are other factors found in eggs that may influence risk for heart disease by reducing serum lipids, such as phospholipids, and these may also modify the response to dietary cholesterol found in eggs. In this review, we discuss how eggs and dietary cholesterol affect serum cholesterol concentrations, as well as more advanced lipoprotein measures, such as lipoprotein particle profiles and HDL metabolism.
Dietary guidelines for saturated fatty acids are not supported by the evidence; Dietary guidelines recommend that intake of saturated fat should be <7-10% of daily energy. Supporting evidence relates mainly to saturated fatty acids (SFA) increasing blood total and LDL-cholesterol levels, which are risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD). Recent meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies and of randomised controlled trials that substituted polyunsaturated fatty acids for SFA did not find any meaningful association between SFA intake and risk of CHD. The most likely alternative to a high-fat, high-SFA diet is a diet low in fat and high in refined carbohydrate. These diets may produce atherogenic dyslipidaemia that comprises a triad of high triglyceride levels, high levels of small dense LDL particles and decreased HDL-cholesterol concentrations, which are important risk factors for CHD. Low-fat, high-refined carbohydrate diets may also induce de novo lipogenesis that results in increased levels of circulating SFA. Community-based intensive education programs to reduce risk factors for CHD have not been successful in preventing the disease. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effects of a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods vs lovastatin on serum lipids and C-reactive protein; Context To enhance the effectiveness of diet in lowering cholesterol, recommendations of the Adult Treatment Panel III of the National Cholesterol Education Program emphasize diets low in saturated fat together with plant sterols and viscous fibers, and the American Heart Association supports the use of soy protein and nuts.
The effect of probiotics on serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: probiotics might have a potential effect to manage serum lipid levels as nutraceuticals. Objective: this systematic review was conducted to explore whether probiotics have an efficient result in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia. Methods: PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Web of Science were searched for randomized controlled trials (from their commencement to January 2021). This meta-analysis was performed by Review Manager 5.3 and STATA 15.1. Changes in serum lipid levels after the intervention were used to evaluate the effect of the probiotics, which were expressed as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95 % confidence interval (CI). Results: a total of 16 studies, which could be regarded as 21 independent trials with 1429 participants, were included in this meta-analysis following our inclusion criteria. It could be observed that probiotics could significantly lower total cholesterol (TC) (WMD: -0.34 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.45 to -0.23 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 73.9 %) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -0.26 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.36 to -0.17 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 79.0 %) levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, while no significant effect between the probiotic intervention and control groups was observed on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (WMD: 0.00 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.02 to 0.02 mmol/L; p = 0.001, I2 = 56.6 %) and triglyceride (TG) (WMD: -0.08 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.18 to 0.01 mmol/L; p = 0.003, I2 = 52.4 %) levels. Conclusion: this systematic review showed that probiotics may provide a promising way to reduce serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, but their specific effect still needs more clinical experiments to be proven.
Evaluation of cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects on a standard healthy diet including low-fat milk enriched with plant sterols; A healthy diet and plant sterols (PS) are recommended for reducing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and, subsequently, the risk of premature cardiovascular disease PS mediate a decrease in fat-soluble vitamin concentration, which can lead to a general impairment of antioxidative defenses and an increase in oxidative stress. Thus, we evaluated the effects of a healthy diet, including PS-enriched low-fat milk, on cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Small, qualitative changes in fatty acid intake decrease plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients on their usual high-fat diets; Objective The diet is the first step in managing hypercholesterolemia. The objective of the present study is to assess whether moderate changes in dietary fatty acids improve plasma lipid parameters in mildly hypercholesterolemic outpatients.
Low intestinal cholesterol absorption is associated with a reduced efficacy of phytosterol esters as hypolipemic agents in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background & aims: Phytosterols (PS) lower LDLc, but their effect on metabolic syndrome (MetS) remains unknown. We evaluated whether low-fat milk enriched with PS improves cardiovascular risk factors in these patients.
Chronic consumption of fructose in combination with <i>trans</i> fatty acids but not with saturated fatty acids induces nonalcoholic steatohepatitis with fibrosis in rats; Purpose Consumption of Western diet high in fat and fructose has been attributed to the recent epidemic of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). However, the impact of specific fatty acids on the progression of NAFLD to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is poorly understood. In the present study, we investigated the chronic effects of consumption of fructose in combination with saturated fatty acids (SFA) or trans fatty acids (TFA) on the development of NAFLD.
Evaluation of a continuous glucose monitoring system in healthy dairy calves and adult goats; OBJECTIVE To determine the accuracy of a continuous glucose monitoring system (CGMS) device by comparing glucose concentrations measured over time as determined by the CGMS to those of the chemistry analyzer (reference method). ANIMALS 7 healthy goats and 7 dairy calves. METHODS A randomized, crossover design with 3 treatments: control, hypoglycemia, and hyperglycemia. The CGMS device was applied to the neck. Hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia were induced by insulin and xylazine, respectively. Glucose concentrations were measured by the chemistry analyzer CGMS, point-of-care glucometer, and intensive care unit machine at 0 (before treatment), 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 hours. Agreement between the CGMS and the chemistry analyzer was determined by Bland-Altman plots. The analytical and clinical accuracy of the CGMS was determined using the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 15197:2013 criteria and the Parkes error grid analysis. RESULTS In goats, the CGMS overestimated glucose concentrations during the hypoglycemic, normoglycemia, and hyperglycemia treatments. In calves, the CGMS underestimated glucose concentrations during the hypoglycemic treatment but overestimated glucose concentrations in normoglycemia and hyperglycemic treatments. The CGMS met the ISO clinical accuracy criteria for goats and calves, with > 99% of the glucose measurements in zones A and B of the Parkes grid. However, the CGMS did not meet the ISO 15197:2013 criteria for analytical accuracy. CLINICAL RELEVANCE The CGMS evaluated in our study only met the ISO 15197:2013 clinical accuracy criteria, not the analytical accuracy. Therefore, the device might be considered for clinical use.
Umbilical Cord Management at Term and Late Preterm Birth: A Meta-analysis; CONTEXT: The International Liaison Committee on Resuscitation prioritized scientific review of umbilical cord management at term and late preterm birth.
One-year community-based education program for hypercholesterolemia in middle-aged Japanese: a long-term outcome at 8-year follow-up; To examine a long-term effect of community-based education program for hypercholesterolemia and an effect modification by apolipoprotein E polymorphism, we conducted a 1-year randomized clinical trial with 8 year-follow-up. One hundred four persons aged 40-64 years who had serum total cholesterol levels between 6.21 and 7.73 mmol/l (240 and 299 mg/dl) in 1988-89 cardiovascular risk surveys were enrolled in the trial. The intervention group (n = 51, 82% for women) attended eight education classes in 1 year, while the control group (n = 53, 85% for women) attended only two classes. Both groups were invited to the subsequent annual surveys. The mean serum cholesterol was 0.24-0.26 mmol/l less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 month and 1 year (P = 0.03, each) while the proportion of subjects using hypolipidemic agents was 0 and 6% in both groups, respectively. During 8-year follow-up, the probability of using hypolipidemic agents and/or total cholesterol greater than or equal to7.76 mmol/l was 51% in the education group and 69% in the control group; the risk ratio in the intervention vs control groups was 0.62 (95% CI: 0.36-1.06). When stratified by the apolipoprotein E polymorphism examined for 78% of the subjects, the risk ratio was 0.61 (0.31-1.18) among subjects without e4 allele (n = 59) and 0.55 (0.14-2.14) among those with e4 allele (n = 22). The intervention group had reduced intake of egg, fish egg, butter, mayonnaise and fatty meat compared to the control group at 6-month, 1- and 8-year follow-up. In conclusion, our community-based program was effective in reducing serum total cholesterol levels non-pharmacologically during the first year, and also reduced the likelihood of progressive worsening of hypercholesterolemia during the subsequent 8 years, regardless of the apolipoprotein E polymorphism. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol-Lowering Effect of Probiotic Yogurt in Comparison with Ordinary Yogurt in Mildly to Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Subjects; Background and Aims: Hypercholesterolemia is the most important risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we compared the effect of consuming probiotic yogurt with that of ordinary yogurt on serum cholesterol level in mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods: This randomized and crossover trial included 14 healthy subjects with serum total cholesterol 5.17-7.76 mmol/l. They did not consume yogurt for a 2-week prestudy period and added 300 g/day of milk to their diet. After this period, they were randomly allocated to 2 groups to receive either 300 g of ordinary yogurt or probiotic yogurt (fermented with a starter composed of Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium lactis in addition to bacteria in ordinary yogurt) for 6 weeks as a substitution for milk. After a 4-week washout period, the crossover was made and the study lasted for another 6 weeks. Blood lipid tests were done at the beginning and at the end of each period. Results: Consumption of probiotic yogurt in comparison with ordinary yogurt caused a significant decrease in serum total cholesterol (p <! 0.05). Comparison of other blood lipid indices did not show any significant differences between these 2 periods. Conclusion: Yogurt containing two probiotic bacteria strains, L. acidophilus and B. lactis, had a cholesterol-lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Copyright (C) 2009 S. Karger AG, Basel
Acute Effects of Postprandial Aerobic Exercise on Glucose and Lipoprotein Metabolism in Healthy Young Women; Aim: To investigate the acute effects of postprandial exercise on glucose and lipoprotein metabolism after the intake of glucose with or without fat cream in healthy but sedentary young women.
<i>Short communication</i>: Supplementation of fructo-oligosaccharides does not improve insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves fed different sources of carbohydrates; Heavy veal calves (4-6 mo old) often develop problems with insulin sensitivity. This could lead to metabolic disorders and impaired animal growth performance. Studies in various animal species have shown that the supplementation of short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (scFOS) can improve insulin sensitivity. We therefore studied the effects of scFOS supplementation on insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves. Forty male Holstein Friesian calves (BW = 190 +/- 2.9 kg; age = 162 +/- 1.4 d at the start of the trial) were fed either a control milk replacer (MR) diet or a diet in which one-third of the lactose was replaced by glucose, fructose, or glycerol for 10 wk prior to the start of the trial. At the start of the trial, calves were subjected to a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test to assess whole -body insulin sensitivity (muscle and hepatic insulin sensitivity). Calves within each dietary treatment group were ranked based on their insulin sensitivity value. Half of the calves received scFOS (12 mg/kg of BW) with the MR for 6 wk (supplementation was equally distributed over the insulin sensitivity range). Subsequently, a second frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test was conducted to assess the effect of scFOS. In addition, fasting plasma levels of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, and cholesterol were determined to calculate the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index and triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (fasting indicators of insulin sensitivity). Whole -body insulin sensitivity was low at the start of the trial and remained low in all groups [1.0 +/- 0.1 and 0.8 +/- 0.1 (mU/L)(-1) min(-1) on average, respectively]. Supplementation of scFOS did not improve insulin sensitivity in any of the treatment groups. The quantitative insulin sensitivity check index and the triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio also did not differ between scFOS and non-scFOS calves and averaged 0.326 +/- 0.003 and 0.088 +/- 0.004, respectively, at the end of the trial. We conclude that scFOS supplementation does not improve insulin sensitivity in heavy veal calves regardless of the carbohydrate composition of the MR. This is in contrast to other animals (e.g., dogs and horses), where scFOS supplementation did improve insulin sensitivity. The absence of an effect of scFOS might be related to the dosage or to metabolic differences between ruminants and nonruminants. Increasing evidence indicates that dietary interventions in veal calves have little or no effect on insulin sensitivity, possibly because of low levels of insulin sensitivity.
Paleolithic nutrition for metabolic syndrome: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Paleolithic nutrition, which has attracted substantial public attention lately because of its putative health benefits, differs radically from dietary patterns currently recommended in guidelines, particularly in terms of its recommendation to exclude grains, dairy, and nutritional products of industry.
Postprandial Lipemia Detects the Effect of Soy Protein on Cardiovascular Disease Risk Compared with the Fasting Lipid Profile; Studies examining the effect of soy protein on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors have not taken advantage of the postprandial state as an adjunct to the fasting lipid profile. The American Heart Association has acknowledged the efficacy of soy protein in reducing CVD risk factors to be limited. We hypothesized that the postprandial state would be more sensitive to any favorable changes associated with consuming soy protein compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the presence of isoflavones in soy would enhance this effect. Thirty sedentary males aged 18-30 years were randomly assigned to milk protein (Milk), isoflavone-poor soy (Soy-), or isoflavone-rich soy (Soy+). Usual diets were supplemented with 25 g/day of protein for 28 days. Serum samples were collected before and after supplementation in a fasted state and postprandially at 30, 60, 120, 240, and 360 min after a high-fat, 1,000 kcal shake. Triacylglycerol (TAG), total cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, apolipoproteins B-100 and A-I and glucose concentrations were quantified. Fasting concentrations were not different after any protein supplementation. Postprandial TAG and TAG AUC increased after Soy-consumption supporting the postprandial state as a more sensitive indicator of soy ingestion effects on CVD risk factors compared with the fasting lipid profile. Furthermore, the absence of isoflavones in soy protein may have deleterious consequences on purported cardio-protective effects.
An antioxidant probiotic reduces postprandial lipemia and oxidative stress; Reducing postprandial oxidative stress (OxS), decreasing postprandial blood triglyceride level (TG) and improving lipoprotein status is likely to have a preventive impact on the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Previously we have shown that the antioxidant probiotic Lactobacillus fermentum ME-3 (DSM14241) is characterized by antiatherogenic effects. This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study evaluated the influence of kefir enriched with an antioxidative probiotic L. fermentum ME-3 (LfKef) on postprandial OxS, blood TG response and lipoprotein status. 100 clinically healthy subjects were recruited into the study. Blood parameters of postprandial OxS, TG and lipoprotein status were determined by oxidized LDL, baseline diene conjugation in LDL (BDC-LDL), oxidized LDL complex with beta-2 glycoprotein (Beta2-GPI-oxLDL), paraoxonase (PON) activity, LDL-Chol, HDL-Chol and TG. To evaluate general body postprandial OxS-load we measured 8-isoprostanes (8-EPI) in the urine. Consumption of LfKef significantly reduced the postprandial level of oxidized LDL, BDC-LDL, Beta2-GPI-oxLDL, urinary 8-isoprostanes and postprandial TG and caused a significant increase in HDL-Chol and PON activity. This is the first evidence that kefir enriched with an antioxidant probiotic may have a positive effect on both postprandial OxS and TG response as well as on lipoprotein status.
Effects of dietary polyphenols in the glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Context Polyphenols have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-glycation properties. Objective To assess the effects of dietary polyphenols, from food sources or supplements, on the anthropometric, glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress markers in adults with diabetic nephropathy (DN). Data sources Systematic searches for randomized clinical trials were performed in MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, Web of Science, LILACS, SciELO, opengrey.eu, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases until December 2021. Data extraction Studies with adults with DN were included. Random-effects meta-analyses were conducted. Risk of bias of the studies and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment were carried out. Data analysis The searches resulted in 5614 unique occurrences, and 34 full-text articles were retrieved. Of these, 17 studies were included in the qualitative synthesis. Most of the studies used soy protein or milk (n = 5; 0.5-1 g/kg of body weight/d of soy protein, or introduction of 240 mL/d of soy milk) or turmeric/curcumin (n = 5; dose range, 80 to 1500 mg/d) as the intervention. The following outcomes were analyzed: body mass index, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), proteinuria, creatinine clearance, glomerular filtration rate (GFR), urinary albumin to creatinine ratio, and levels of fasting blood glucose, insulin, serum urea and creatinine, C-reactive protein, serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and serum malondialdehyde (MDA). The polyphenol intervention significantly decreased HbA1c (n = 7 studies; -0.27% [95%CI, -0.51%, -0.04%]), proteinuria (n = 5 studies; -109.10 [95%CI, -216.57, -1.63] mg/24 h), and MDA (n = 5 studies; z-score: -0.41; 95%CI, -0.71, -0.10), and significantly increased GFR (n = 7 studies; 3.65 [95%CI, 0.15-7.15] mL/min/1.73 m(2)). Overall, studies showed a high risk of bias, and outcomes showed a low or very-low quality in the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment. Conclusions There is a clinically modest effect of dietary polyphenols intervention in HbA1c, proteinuria, GFR, MDA, and C-reactive protein levels in patients with DN. It is impossible to establish clinical recommendations, because the evidence was of' low or very-low quality and because of the heterogeneity of types and dose regimens used in the studies. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. ID245406.
Supplementation of L-Alanyl-L-Glutamine and Fish Oil Improves Body Composition and Quality of Life in Patients With Chronic Heart Failure; Background-Skeletal muscle dysfunction and exercise intolerance are clinical hallmarks of patients with heart failure. These have been linked to a progressive catabolic state, skeletal muscle inflammation, and impaired oxidative metabolism. Previous studies suggest beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and glutamine on exercise performance and muscle protein balance.
A LINOLEATE-ENRICHED CHEESE PRODUCT REDUCES LOW-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEIN IN MODERATELY HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC ADULTS; Objective: To test the effect of substituting a modified-fat cheese product into the diets of hypercholesterolemic adults.
<i>Bifidobacterium</i><i> longum</i> CCFM1077 Attenuates Hyperlipidemia by Modulating the Gut Microbiota Composition and Fecal Metabolites: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; An increasing number of studies have indicated that gut microbiota and its metabolites are crucial in the development of hyperlipidemia. Bifidobacterium longum (B. longum) CCFM1077 has been shown to have lipid-lowering effects in animals. This study aimed to evaluate the potential of B. longum CCFM1077 in lowering the lipid levels in patients with hyperlipidemia and investigate the effect of this bacterium on serum lipid abnormalities, gut microbiota, and fecal metabolites in these patients. This study was a six-week, randomized, double-blind, and placebo-controlled pilot clinical trial. Subjects with hyperlipidemia (N = 62) were randomly assigned to receive placebo (N = 31) or B. longum CCFM1077 (1 x 10(10) colony-forming units (CFUs) per day; N = 31). Serum lipid levels including total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were examined at the baseline and interventional endpoints. Changes in the gut microbiota composition and diversity were measured based on 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequencing of the V3-V4 region at the end of the intervention period. Non-targeted metabolomics of the feces was performed using ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC)-Q-Exactive Orbitrap/mass spectrometer. Oral administration of B. longum CCFM1077 for six weeks significantly decreased the serum levels of TC (p < 0.01) and LDL-C (p < 0.01) in patients with hyperlipidemia. B. longum CCFM1077 treatment markedly increased gut microbiota diversity and the relative abundance of anti-obesity-related genera, including Lactobacillus, Butyricicoccus, Bifidobacterium, and Blautia, whereas it decreased the relative abundance of obesity-related genera, including Alistipes, Megamonas, and Catenibacterium. Additionally, some key metabolites (bile acids (BAs), biotin, and caffeine) and their corresponding metabolic pathways (primary BA biosynthesis, and taurine and hypotaurine, biotin, purine, and caffeine metabolisms) were enriched by B. longum CCFM1077, and thus it may lower lipid levels. B. longum CCFM1077 is a probiotic strain with the potential to lower serum TC and LDL-C levels patients with hyperlipidemia. The underlying mechanism may be related to the increased abundance of anti-obesity-related genera and fecal metabolites. These findings provide a foundation for future clinical applications of lipid-lowering probiotics in managing individuals with hyperlipidemia.
Bioactive peptides in hydrolysates of bovine and camel milk proteins: A review of studies on peptides that reduce blood pressure, improve glucose homeostasis, and inhibit pathogen adhesion; The prevalence of diet-related chronic conditions including hypertension and cardiovascular disease, and diabetes mellitus has increased worldwide. Research regarding the use of food-derived bioactive peptides as an alternative strategy to mitigate chronic diseases is on the rise. Milk is recognized as one of the main dietary protein sources for health beneficial bioactive compounds. Hundreds of in vitro studies have suggested that milkderived bioactive peptides offer multiple biological and physiological benefits, and some but not all were confirmed in vivo with animal models for hypertension, hyperglycemia, and pathogen adhesion. However, only a limited number of health benefits have been confirmed by randomized clinical trials. This review provides an overview of the current clinical studies that target hypertension, postprandial hyperglycemic, and adhesion of enteric pathogen with bioactive peptides derived from bovine and camel milk, with a focus on the factors affecting the efficacy of orally ingested products.
Is vitamin D-fortified yogurt a value-added strategy for improving human health? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Yogurt is a good source of probiotics, calcium, and proteins, but its content of vitamin D is low. Therefore, yogurt could be a good choice for vitamin D fortification to improve the positive health outcomes associated with its consumption. The primary aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt compared with plain yogurt on levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). The secondary aim was to evaluate the effect of fortified yogurt on parathyroid hormone, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid profile. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for eligible studies; that is, randomized controlled trials (RCT) that compared vitamin D-fortified yogurt with control treatment without any additional supplement. Random-effects models were used to estimate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Findings from 9 RCT (n = 665 participants) that lasted from 8 to 16 wk are summarized in this review. The meta-analyzed mean differences for random effects showed that vitamin D-fortified yogurt (from 400 to 2,000 IU) increased serum 250HD by 31.00 nmol/L. In addition, vitamin D-fortified yogurt decreased parathyroid hormone by 15.47 ng/L, body weight by 0.92 kg, waist circumference by 2.01 cm, HOMA-IR by 2.18 mass units, fasting serum glucose by 22.54 mg/dL, total cholesterol by 13.38 mg/dL, and triglycerides by 30.12 mg/dL compared with the controlled treatments. No publication bias was identified. Considerable between-study heterogeneity was observed for most outcomes. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt may be beneficial in improving serum 25OHD, lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and anthropometric parameters and decreasing parathyroid hormone level in pregnant women and adult and elderly subjects with or without diabetes, prediabetes, or metabolic syndrome.
<i>Short communication</i>: Repeatability of intravenous glucose tolerance test traits in young Holstein-Friesian cattle; Few studies have compared individual variability of an intravenous glucose tolerance test (ivGTT) obtained daily in young cattle. The objective of this study was to evaluate the repeatability of glucose traits and insulin responses derived from ivGTT during 3 consecutive days in Holstein-Friesian cattle (bulls: n = 4, steers: n = 3, heifers: n = 3). Blood collections were performed from min 0 (basal concentrations) to min 63 (last measurement). Additional estimates included maximal concentration for glucose and insulin, glucose half-life time (GHLT), and glucose and insulin area under the curve. Glucose traits showed higher repeatability when compared with insulin responses. On average, the glucose trait and insulin response with the lowest coefficient of variation was GHLT (0.7%) and insulin area under the curve (21.3%), respectively. In addition, a general linear model with repeated measures was used to test for significant differences in glucose and insulin concentrations over time at different trial days. Both glucose and insulin concentrations were influenced by time point but not by trial day or time point x trial day. The results from this study showed that individual insulin responses were more variable than glucose traits. The high repeatability of GHLT evidenced the strict regulatory glucose disposal mechanisms occurring in young Holstein-Friesian cattle, whereas insulin responses showed high variability despite controlled management and nutritional practices.
An Interesterified Palm Olein Test Meal Decreases Early-Phase Postprandial Lipemia Compared to Palm Olein: a Randomized Controlled Trial; Palm oil that has been interesterified to produce a higher proportion of palmitic acid (16:0) in the sn-2 position reduces postprandial lipemia in young, normolipidemic men and women, but effects in older subjects with higher fasting triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that high-fat meals rich in interesterified palm olein (IPO) decrease lipemia and alter plasma lipoprotein fraction composition compared to native palm olein (NPO) in men aged 40-70 years with fasting TAG concentrations a parts per thousand yen1.2 mmol/L. Postprandial changes in plasma lipids following meals containing 75 g fat (NPO and IPO) were compared using a randomized, double-blind crossover design (n = 11). Although there were no significant differences in plasma TAG concentrations between meals over the total 6-h postprandial measurement period, IPO resulted in a decreased plasma TAG response during the first 4 h of the postprandial period (iAUC 1.65 mmol/L h, 95 % CI 1.01-2.29) compared to NPO (iAUC 2.33 mmol/L h, 95 % CI 1.58-3.07); meal effect P = 0.024. Chylomicron fraction TAG concentrations at 4-6 h were slightly reduced following IPO compared to NPO [NPO-IPO mean difference 0.29 mmol/L (95 % CI -0.01-0.59), P = 0.055]. There were no differences in IDL fraction TAG, cholesterol or apolipoprotein B48 concentrations following IPO compared with NPO. In conclusion, consuming a meal containing palm olein with a higher proportion of 16:0 in the sn-2 position decreases postprandial lipemia compared to native palm olein during the early phase of the postprandial period in men with higher than optimal fasting triacylglycerol concentrations.
