Effect of cumin (<i>Cuminum cyminum</i>) essential oil supplementation on metabolic profile and serum leptin in pre-diabetic subjects: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial; Some medications and herbal drugs are suggested to ameliorate impaired plasma glucose and its complications in pre-diabetic patients. This study aimed to assess the effect of cumin essential oil supplementation on metabolic markers and serum leptin in pre-diabetic subjects. In a double-blind randomized controlled trial, subjects of intervention group received one cumin soft gel (containing 75 mg of cumin essential oil) per day for 10 weeks, while subjects of control group received one placebo soft gel. Glycemic indices and serum leptin did not significantly improve in intervention group. Except serum total cholesterol, other markers of lipid profile as well as anthropometric indexes improved in intervention group. Subgroup analyses represented that lipid profile and anthropometric indexes were ameliorated in women after intervention, while did not show significant improvement in men. It can be concluded that cumin essential oil can be used as an adjuvant therapy to ameliorate metabolic status in pre-diabetics.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified yogurt in comparison to oral vitamin D supplement on hyperlipidemia in pre-diabetic patients: A randomized clinical trial; In this study, the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt consumption and oral vitamin D supplementation on serum lipid profile in pre-diabetic patients with hyperlipidemia was investigated. This study was performed on 60 pre-diabetes patients who were randomly divided into two groups: group A (recipient of fortified yogurt with 1000 IU vitamin D) and group B (recipient of oral vitamin D supplement in a dose of 1000 IU) for three months. The mean serum level of 25(OH) D-3 was increased significantly in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and the oral supplement group (p < 0.001). The within-group analysis of lipid indices showed a significant reduction in the mean serum triglyceride levels in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and oral supplement group (P < 0.001), Also, showed a significant reduction in mean serum total cholesterol, LDL-C (P < 0.001) and HDL-C (P = 0.01) in both groups. The between-group comparison analysis of mean lipid indices changes showed that serum level of Triglyceride in oral supplement group were significantly more than fortified yogurt group (P = 0.03). Yogurt fortification with vitamin D could be suitable strategy to reduce the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and consequently to improve the serum lipid profile in hyperlipidemic individuals.
Overweight/obesity, pre-diabetes, diabetes and its association with hypertension and other factors among rural adults (≥18 years) in India; Background: Non-communicable diseases are important causes of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study conducted in 10 Indian states using multi-stage random sampling procedures. Information was collected on socio-economic and demographic particulars, anthropometric measurements such as height, weight and waist circumference, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure was measured. One day 24-h dietary recall was done for foods and nutrient intakes. Bivariate and multivariate step-wise logistic regression analyses was done. Results: The prevalence of overweight/obesity among rural adults was 23.4 % (95 % CI: 22.9-23.9), while age adjusted prevalence of pre-diabetes was 8.4 % (95 % CI: 8.1-8.7) and diabetes was 6.8, (95 % CI 6.7-7.1), respectively. The prevalence of diabetes was lowest in Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Odisha (3-4%) and higher in Kerala and Tamil Nadu (12-15 %). The odds of diabetes was 5.5 times more among elderly, 1.3 times higher among Christians and among high income groups, and 2 times among overweight (CI: 1.50-2.50), obese (CI: 1.61-2.76) and abdominal obesity (OR; 1.57; CI: 1.29-1.91) and 1.6 times more among hypertensives. The odds of diabetes were high among those consuming the lower tertiles of carbohydrates, pulses, milk and milk products and folic acid. Conclusion: the age-adjusted prevalence of diabetes and pre-diabetes was 6.8 % and 8.4 % respectively and the odds of diabetes was high among elderly, among high socio-economic groups, overweight/obese subjects and among hypertensives. Also, knowledge about symptoms of diabetes was low. There is a need to improve awareness for early diagnosis and treatment for control of diabetes and hypertension.
Fortified yogurt with vitamin D as a cost-effective food to prevent diabetes: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; Vitamin D has a role in both insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity, and thus could be important in the pathogenesis of diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of yogurt fortified with vitamin D and oral vitamin D supplement on glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals. This study was conducted on 90 subjects with pre-diabetes in three groups: those given fortified yogurt with vitamin D, those given plain yogurt and those given oral vitamin D supplements. The study variables were evaluated at the beginning and end of the intervention period. Results from the participants' oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) decreased significantly in only the fortified-yogurt group. The mean fasting serum insulin and the insulin-resistance index (HOMA-IR) in the fortified-yogurt (p < .01) and oral-supplement (p < .03, p < .04) groups decreased significantly. Waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and percentage of body fat (PBF) decreased significantly in the fortified-yogurt (p < .02, p < .006) and oral-supplement (p = .015, p < .001) groups. These findings show that yogurt fortified with vitamin D improves glycemic and anthropometric indices in pre-diabetic individuals.
Dairy intake and type 2 diabetes risk factors: A narrative review; Aim: The interest regarding the potential role of dairy products in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has emerged. Although results remain mixed, numerous cohort studies have shown that increased dairy consumption is inversely associated with T2D risk. This narrative review evaluates the recent evidence of dairy products intake on T2D risk factors for the prevention of T2D.
Egg Consumption in the Context of Plant-Based Diets and Diet Quality in Adults at Risk for Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Single Blind Cross-over Controlled Trial; Background: Lifestyle changes that emphasis on plant-based diets (PBD) are typically recommended for those at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to mitigate their cardo-metabolic risk. We examined the impact of the inclusion of eggs compared with their exclusion from PBD on diet quality among adults at risk for T2DM. Methods: This was a randomized, controlled, single-blind, crossover trial of 35 adults (mean age 60.7 years; 25 women, 10 men; 34 Caucasians, 1 African-American) at risk for T2DM (i.e., pre- diabetes or metabolic syndrome) assigned to one of two possible sequence permutations of two treatments (PBD with eggs and exclusively PBD), with a 4-week washout period. Participants received dietary counseling from a dietitian to exclude or to include 2 eggs daily in the context of PBD for a 6-week period. Diet quality was assessed using the Healthy Eating Index 2015 (HEI-2015) at baseline and 6 weeks. Results: Compared with the exclusion of eggs, the inclusion of eggs in the context of PBD improved the diet quality score for intake of total protein foods (1.0 +/- 1.1 vs. -0.4 +/- 1.0; p <.0001); seafood and plant proteins (0.2 +/- 1.2 vs. -0.4 +/- 1.1; p = 0.0338); and fatty acids (0.8 +/- 2.5 vs. -0.7 +/- 2.7; p = 0.0260). Overall diet quality score depreciated with the adoption of exclusively PBD without eggs (-3.1 +/- 8.3; p = 0.0411), while it was unaffected with the adoption of a PBD with the inclusion of eggs (-0.6 +/- 7.9; p = 0.6892). Conclusions: Eggs could be used as an adjuvant to enhance the diet quality among those at risk for T2DM who adopt plant-based dietary patterns.
Impact of protein-rich meals on glycaemic response of rice; Asians typically consume carbohydrate-rich and high-glycaemic-index diets that have been associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Rice is rarely eaten alone such that it is of interest to investigate the effects of co-ingesting different protein-rich meals with rice on insulin and glycaemic response. This study had a randomised, controlled, non-blind, cross-over design in which fifteen healthy Chinese male participants were required to come on non-consecutive days. Five rice-based test meals were served: rice alone (control), rice with fish (RWF), rice with egg white (RWE), rice with soya beancurd (taukwa) (RWT) and rice with chicken (RWC). The control meal consisted of 50 g of available carbohydrate, whereas all other test meals contained additional 25 g of protein. RWT was the only meal that showed significantly lower glucose response when compared with the control (P<005). RWF and RWE had significantly higher insulin response, but no significant increase was observed in RWT and RWC when compared with the control (P<005). RWT and RWF showed significantly higher glucagon secretion as compared with the control (P<005). The four test meals studied showed varying effects, with RWT showing the greatest reduction in glycaemic response. Therefore, the ingestion of soya beancurd with rice may have a direct impact on reducing the risk in Asians transiting from being pre-diabetics to diabetics.
Effect of high-protein vs. high-fat snacks before lunch on glycemic variability in prediabetes: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: China has the largest number of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), and it tends to increasingly grow in the future, putting an enormous burden on disease control and prevention in China. While glycemic variability (GV) came to be an important indicator of blood glucose control in diabetic patients, studies suggested that premeal snacks may help blood glucose control, but there are still some problems to be researched. Therefore, we designed this trial to evaluate which kind of premeal snacks would lead to better effects on GV under two diet patterns in pre-diabetes subjects and to evaluate assessments of acceptability and compliance, behavior, and metabolism changes in individuals will be described. Methods and analysis: The study is a single-center, open-label, multiparallel group, randomized controlled trial. A total of 32 male and female volunteers will be randomized into 4 groups in a single allocated ratio of soy milk (powder) snack, milk (powder) snack, almonds snack, and placebo control with 250 ml of water taken 30 min before lunch, respectively. The study consists of two intervention periods over 11 days. The first intervention period under habitual diet conditions from D3 to D6 (4 days), during which all subjects are asked to maintain their habitual eating and daily activities similar to the run-in period. The second intervention consists of prelunch snacks with standard meals. We will examine both the effect of GV and various metabolic and behavioral outcomes potentially associated with the interventions. At the end of this study, we will assess the acceptability and maintainability of the intervention through interviews.
Effects of probiotics and synbiotic on lipid profiles in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes: A double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: The use of probiotics and/or prebiotics as an effective means of regulating gut microbiota may have a beneficial effect on metabolic disorders.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Controversy exists as to whether the lipid -lowering properties of kefir drink (a fermented probiotic dairy product) in animal models could be replicated in humans.
Kefir drink leads to a similar weight loss, compared with milk, in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial; Controversy exists regarding whether increasing dairy intake without energy restriction would lead to weight loss. We aimed to compare the potential weight-reducing effects of kefir drink (a probiotic dairy product) and milk in a dairy-rich non-energy-restricted diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women.
Comparison of the effects of cows' milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on weight and fat loss in premenopausal overweight and obese women; Background and aims: Recent studies suggest that calcium metabolism and perhaps other components of dairy products may contribute to shifting the energy balance and thus play a role in weight regulation. We compared the effects of cows' milk, calcium fortified soy milk and calcium supplement on weight and body fat reduction in premenopausal overweight and obese women.
Low-fat dairy consumption reduces systolic blood pressure, but does not improve other metabolic risk parameters in overweight and obese subjects; Background and aims: Epidemiological studies have indicated a negative relation between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome. However, evidence from intervention studies is scarce. Our aim was to investigate the effects of daily consumption of low-fat dairy products on metabolic risk parameters in overweight and obese men and women.
Effects of soy milk consumption on inflammatory markers and lipid profiles among non-menopausal overweight and obese female adults; BACKGROUND: Few studies have evaluated the effects of soy milk replacement in the diet on inflammatory markers among non-menopausal overweight and obese female adults. We evaluated the effects of soy milk compared to cow's milk on inflammation and lipid profiles among non-menopausal overweight and obese female adults. METHODS: This cross-over randomized clinical trial was conducted on 24 overweight or obese women. There were two 4-week trial periods (soy milk period and cow's milk period). In the soy milk period, only one glass of soy milk (240 cc) was replaced instead of one glass of cow's milk (240 cc). RESULTS: Fat contents in soy milk and cow's milk were 1 g per 100 ml and 1.5 g per 100 ml, respectively. Serum low density lipoprotein (LDL) level reduced significantly following soy milk period (mean percent change in soy milk period vs. cow's milk period: -11.22 +/- 3.85% vs. -1.18 +/- 2.82%; p = 0.01). Inflammatory factors and other lipid profiles did not change significantly after the soy milk period compared to the cow's milk period. In addition, soy milk could not reduce the weight of non-menopausal overweight and obese female adults. CONCLUSION: Soy milk replacement had beneficial effects on LDL levels in a short term trial among overweight and obese women. However, it had no significant effects on inflammatory markers and other lipid profiles among these non-menopausal overweight and obese adults.
Milk intake is not associated with low risk of diabetes or overweight-obesity: a Mendelian randomization study in 97,811 Danish individuals; Background: High dairy/milk intake has been associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes observationally, but whether this represents a causal association is unknown.
A Synergistic Formulation of Plant Extracts Decreases Postprandial Glucose and Insulin Peaks: Results from Two Randomized, Controlled, Cross-Over Studies Using Real-World Meals; This study investigated the efficacy of a plant-derived dietary supplement with respect to decreasing postprandial glucose and insulin peaks after the intake of real-world meals. Two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments were conducted on healthy subjects who received a supplement containing extracts of white mulberry, white bean, and green coffee or one containing the three extracts with added fibre before consuming high-GI/GL (glycaemic index/glycaemic load) meals. In study one, 32 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before a standardized meal at two visits. In study two, 150 subjects received an investigational product/placebo before five different standardized meals. Postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations were lower 20-35 min after meal intake among subjects taking the investigational product, and fewer episodes of postprandial reactive hypoglycaemia were noted. For example, after consuming breakfast cereal with milk, lower glucose peaks were observed for the investigational product (vs. placebo) after 20 min (100.2 +/- 1.97 vs. 112.5 +/- 3.12 mg/dL, respectively; p < 0.01); lower insulin peaks were noted at the same time point (45.9 +/- 4.02 IU/mL vs. 68.2 +/- 5.53 IU/mL, respectively, p < 0.01). The combined formulation decreases the adverse consequences of high-GI/GL meal consumption. It can be an effective dietary supplement for the management of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The Impact of Dairy Intake on Adiposity and Satiety in Adults; Purpose of Review The 2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommends that American adults consume 2 to 3 daily servings of dairy foods as part of healthy dietary patterns. The DGA's recommended dietary patterns are intended to meet nutrient needs and reduce the risk of chronic diseases, including overweight and obesity. However, the evidence reviews that the 2020 DGA is based on, the 2020 Dietary Guidelines Scientific Advisory Report, did not assess the body of evidence linking individual foods to adiposity. The purpose of this review is to assess the evidence published in the last 10 years on dairy consumption, adiposity, and satiety. Recent Findings The twenty studies included in this review, primarily randomized controlled trials, include interventions with the dairy foods recommended by the DGA-milk, cheese, and yogurt-of varying fat levels (whole fat, reduced fat (2%), low fat (1%), and fat free). Most of these studies were conducted in individuals who were overweight or had obesity at baseline. Therefore, these studies do not measure the impact of eating dairy foods on prevention of adiposity or obesity. Instead, they focus on whether dairy foods support weight loss/weight maintenance or how they affect satiety and prospective food consumption. Overall, recent evidence indicates that consuming dairy foods does not increase risk of overweight or obesity in adults but also does not protect against adiposity. Solid and semi-solid dairy foods like cheese and yogurt may be more satiating than milk and other beverages, though more research is needed to confirm these findings.
Effects of low-fat or full-fat fermented and non-fermented dairy foods on selected cardiovascular biomarkers in overweight adults; The association between consumption of full-fat dairy foods and CVD may depend partly on the nature of products and may not apply to low-fat dairy foods. Increased circulating levels of inflammatory biomarkers after consumption of dairy product-rich meals suggest an association with CVD. In the present study, we tested the effects of low-fat and full-fat dairy diets on biomarkers associated with inflammation, oxidative stress or atherogenesis and on plasma lipid classes. Within full-fat dairy diets, we also compared fermented v. non-fermented products. In a randomised cross-over study, twelve overweight/obese subjects consumed during two 3-week periods two full-fat dairy diets containing either yogurt plus cheese (fermented) or butter, cream and ice cream (non-fermented) or a low-fat milk plus yogurt diet, with the latter being consumed between and at the end of the full-fat dairy dietary periods. The concentrations of six inflammatory and two atherogenic biomarkers known to be raised in CVD were measured as well as those of plasma F2-isoprostanes and lipid classes. The concentrations of six of the eight biomarkers tended to be higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet and the concentrations of two plasmalogen lipid classes reported to be associated with increased oxidisability were also higher on consumption of the low-fat dairy diet than on that of the fermented dairy diet (P < 0.001), although plasma F2-isoprostane concentrations did not differ on consumption of any of the diets. On the other hand, the concentrations of plasma sphingomyelin and IL-6 were significantly higher on consumption of the non-fermented dairy diet than on that of the low-fat dairy diet (P < 0.02). In conclusion, short-term diets containing low-fat dairy products did not lead to a more favourable biomarker profile associated with CVD risk compared with the full-fat dairy products, suggesting that full-fat fermented dairy products may be the more favourable.
The relationship between intake of fruits, vegetables and dairy products with overweight and obesity in a large sample in Iran: Findings of STEPS 2016; BackgroundThe present study aimed to investigate the association between fruits and vegetables (FVs) and dairy product intake with body weight based on the data from the nationwide Stepwise approach to surveillance (STEPS) survey in Iran. MethodsSTEPS is a national-based cross-sectional study conducted on 3,0541 people selected by stratified cluster random sampling in Iran from April to November 2016. The outcome of the current study was body mass index (BMI) which was classified as normal weight, underweight, overweight, and obese. Also, as exposure variables, dietary intakes of fruits, vegetables and dairy products were extracted from the STEPS questionnaires. Multinomial logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between dairy products, FVs consumption, and BMI category in the crude and adjusted models. ResultsIn the adjusted model, we observed 41% [odd ratio (OR) = 0.59; 95% confidence intervals (CI): 0.50, 0.68, P < 0.001], 27% (OR = 0.73; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.84, P < 0.001), and 26% (OR = 0.74; 95% CI: 0.63, 0.87, P < 0.001) lower odds of being overweight, and 46% (OR = 0.54; 95% CI: 0.46, 0.64, P < 0.001), 29% (OR = 0.71; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.84, P < 0.001), and 21% (OR = 0.79; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.95, P = 0.014) decrease in obesity odds among the participants who consumed 1, 2, and more than 2 servings of fruits per day in comparison to less than one serving, respectively. Also, we observed participants who consumed 1, 2, and more than 2 servings in comparison to less than one serving of dairy products per day had 31% (OR = 0.69; 95% CI: 0.58, 0.81, P < 0.001), 23% (OR = 0.77; 95 %CI: 0.65, 0.91, P = 0.002), and 21% (OR = 0.79; 95% CI: 0.67, 0.94, P = 0.011) lower odds of being overweight and 47% (OR = 0.53; 95% CI: 0.44, 0.64, P < 0.001), 36% (OR = 0.64; 95% CI: 0.53, 0.77, P < 0.001), and 32% (OR = 0.68; 95% CI: 0.56, 0.83, P < 0.001) lower odds of obesity, respectively. In addition, compared to participants who consumed less than 2 servings of vegetables per day, participants who consumed 2, 3, and more than 3 servings had 40% (OR = 0.60; 95% CI: 0.47, 0.76, P < 0.001), 29% (OR = 0.71; 95% CI: 0.56, 0.90, P = 0.006), and 26% (OR = 0.74; 95% CI: 0.57, 0.96, P = 0.027) lower odds of being overweight, respectively. Furthermore, we observed 36% lower odds of obesity among participants who ate 2 servings of vegetables per day compared to less than 2 serving (OR = 0.64; 95% CI: 0.49, 0.84, P = 0.002). ConclusionOur findings showed that intake of FVs and dairy products is associated with a healthier weight status in adults. Further studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Inflammatory Biomarkers: An Updated Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials; Milk and dairy products contribute <= 14% of the caloric intake in developed countries. Recent evidence has shown controversial results with regard to the role of dairy products in deleterious processes such as inflammation. The increasing number of studies on the anti- and proinflammatory effects of milk and dairy products in the past 5 y reflects the growing interest in this area of research. The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the scientific evidence provided in the past 5 y on the effects of milk and dairy products on inflammatory biomarkers provided by randomized clinical trials. The search strategy was conducted in Medline (via PubMed) and Scopus (which includes EMBASE and the Web of Science) databases and included articles from 1 January 2012 to 30 April 2018. The risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane methodology. The number of study participants, type of study, doses, and the key results are reported. The following primary outcomes were considered for inclusion: circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein, interleukins, cytokines, and vascular adhesion molecules or expression of proinflammatory genes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells; however, the primary outcomes considered were not limited to these. Sixteen studies (15 articles) included in this systematic review reported on healthy individuals and subjects who were overweight or obese and who had metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes. The consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect in healthy subjects or individuals with metabolic abnormalities. The majority of studies documented a significant anti-inflammatory effect in both healthy and metabolically abnormal subjects, although not all the articles were of high quality. This review was registered on PROSPERO (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews) at https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=94535 as CRD42018094535.
Addition of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane to a high-saturated fat meal reduces the postprandial insulinaemic and inflammatory response in overweight and obese adults; Meals high in SFA, particularly palmitate, are associated with postprandial inflammation and insulin resistance. Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) has anti-inflammatory properties that may attenuate the negative effects of SFA-rich meals. Our objective was to examine the postprandial metabolic and inflammatory response to a high-fat meal composed of palm oil (PO) compared with PO with an added dairy fraction rich in MFGM (PO+MFGM) in overweight and obese men and women (n 36) in a randomised, double-blinded, cross-over trial. Participants consumed two isoenergetic high-fat meals composed of a smoothie enriched with PO with v. without a cream-derived complex milk lipid fraction (dairy fraction rich in MFGM) separated by a washout of 1-2 weeks. Serum cytokines, adhesion molecules, cortisol and markers of inflammation were measured at fasting, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially. Glucose, insulin and lipid profiles were analysed in plasma. Consumption of the PO + MFGM v. PO meal resulted in lower total cholesterol (P = 0.021), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.046), soluble intracellular adhesion molecule (P = 0.005) and insulin (P = 0.005) incremental AUC, and increased IL-10 (P = 0.013). Individuals with high baseline C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (= 3 mg/l, n 17) had higher (P = 0.030) insulin at 1 h after the PO meal than individuals with CRP concentrations <3 mg/l (n 19). The addition of MFGM attenuated this difference between CRP groups. The addition of a dairy fraction rich in MFGM attenuated the negative effects of a high-SFA meal by reducing postprandial cholesterol, inflammatory markers and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals, particularly in those with elevated CRP.
Effect of Soymilk Consumption on Waist Circumference and Cardiovascular Risks among Overweight and Obese Female Adults; Background: Soy milk replacement in the diet might have beneficial effects on waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors for overweight and obese subjects. Therefore, we are going to determine the effects of soy milk replacements on the waist circumference and cardiovascular risk factors among overweight and obese female adults.
Effectiveness of a new approach for exclusive breastfeeding counselling on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and postpartum weight loss in overweight or obese women: protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background Maternal overweight, infant feeding and early growth velocity are risk factors for obesity later in life. The first one thousand days are a window of opportunity to program health and disease. Exclusive breastfeeding may protect against obesity; however, it is not consistently practiced. Obesity rates have been increasing worldwide. Overweight or obese women have lower rates of breastfeeding and face mechanical, psychological and biological difficulties. Breastfeeding counselling is a successful strategy to support breastfeeding in normal weight women; but there is a lack of evidence on its effectiveness in overweight women. Our purpose is to evaluate a new approach to exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Carl Rogers' Centred-Client Theory in overweight women, and to examine effects on breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal postpartum weight loss. Methods A two-arm simple randomized controlled trial will be conducted in overweight and obese women recruited in a Baby Friendly Hospital in Bogota, Colombia. The intervention is exclusive breastfeeding counselling based on Rogers' theory but adapted for overweight women; it will be performed during the last month of pregnancy, 24 h after delivery and during early infancy (1 and 3 months postpartum). The primary outcomes will be exclusive breastfeeding prevalence, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss from birth up to 4 months after delivery; and the secondary outcomes will be prolactin and macronutrient levels in breast milk and serum prolactin levels. Intention to treat analysis will be performed to estimate the effect of the new counselling approach compared to standard management on the prevalence of exclusive breastfeeding, infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss. Discussion We hypothesize that the intervention will result in an increase in the initiation and maintenance of exclusive breastfeeding, allowing adequate infant growth velocity and maternal weight loss after delivery. It is hoped that the results of this trial will provide evidence to support public health policy on supporting breastfeeding in this vulnerable group of women.
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults; All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well-being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (<two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age = 52 +/- 2 years; BMI = 31.5 +/- 0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effects of cow's milk, fortified soy milk, and calcium supplement on plasma adipocytokines in overweight or obese women; Background: Obesity is an escalating public health problem. Adipose tissue synthesizes and secretes a variety of biological molecules, termed adipcytokines, that may contribute to obesity-linked metabolic abnormalities including cardiovascular diseases.
The effects of kefir consumption on human health: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Context Kefir, a traditional, fermented-milk beverage, has increasingly been promoted for various health benefits. The evidence from systematic reviews, however, is limited. Objective Evidence from randomized controlled trials testing oral consumption of fermented-milk kefir on any outcome of human health or disease. Data Sources A systematic search of 4 electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Allied and Complementary Medicine Database, and Cochrane Trials) from inception to July 31, 2021, was conducted. Data Extraction Data extraction and risk-of-bias assessments were conducted by 2 reviewers independently. Data Analysis A total of 18 publications reporting the results of 16 studies were included. Per the narrative analysis, fermented-milk kefir may have potential as a complementary therapy in reducing oral Streptococcus mutans, thereby reducing dental caries risk, and in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy. Kefir may further aid treatment of adult dyslipidemia and hypertension, although evidence was very limited. Safety was only assessed in 5 of the 18 included publications, and 12 of the studies had an overall high risk for bias. Conclusion Kefir is a dairy product with a unique microbiological profile that appears to be a safe for generally healthy populations to consume. However, efficacy and safety data from high-quality human trials are essential before any recommendations may be made for conditions of the oral and gastric microbiota and metabolic health. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42020211494.
High-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women; Background. The Sixth National Nutrition Survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among Filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. Obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity.
Results of a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults; Background: Portion and package sizes of foods generally influence energy intake in children and adults. However, little is known about this effect in older adults. This study aimed to determine the effect of increasing package size on usage volume of peanut butter in older adults. Furthermore, it is investigated whether older women and men, different age groups (< 65, 65-80, and 80 +), and non-overweight (BMI < 25), overweight (BMI. 25) and obese (BMI > 30) older adults had different responses to variation in package size.
An Adequate Calcium Intake Could Help Achieve Weight Loss in Overweight/Obese Women following Hypocaloric Diets; Aim: To investigate the effect of calcium (Ca) intake and dairy product consumption modification on body composition in overweight/obese women following two types of hypocaloric diet. Methods: Study subjects were 57 women who were randomly assigned to follow one of two hypocaloric diets: diet V, in which the relative consumption of vegetables was increased, and diet C, which involved increasing the relative consumption of cereals (especially breakfast cereals). Dietetic and anthropometric data were collected at the start and at the end of the 6-week intervention period. Results: Ca density, Ca index of nutritional quality and Ca/protein improved with both diets. Dairy products, Ca intake, dairy Ca intake and Ca/protein were inversely correlated with body mass index at the end of the study. Among the women with an initial calcium intake below the 50th percentile, those who achieved a reduction in body mass index above the 50th percentile were those who most increased their total calcium intake, calcium intake from dairy sources, calcium density, calcium/protein ratio and the intake of total and skimmed dairy product consumption. Conclusion: Correcting an inadequate calcium intake could help improve weight loss in women following hypocaloric diets. Copyright c 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
Cheese consumption and prevalence of overweight and obesity in a Basque adult population: a cross-sectional study; Studies have reported a negative association between dairy product consumption and weight status. However, not as much research has focused on cheese; therefore, the aim of this study was to study the association between cheese intake and overweight and obesity in a representative Basque adult population. A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was obtained from a random sample of 1081 adults (530 males and 551 females, 17-96 years old). Cheese consumption data were expressed as g/1000 kcal/day. The prevalence of overweight/obesity was higher in men (55.1%) than in women (35.4%) (p<0.001). Participants with low or moderate intake of fresh and processed cheese demonstrated a higher prevalence of excess weight, compared with those with higher consumption. The confounding variables selected in multivariate analysis were: occupational status and age in both genders; and place of residence in men. In conclusion, negative associations were found between consumption of some types of cheese and overweight and obesity in this population.
The effect of high compared with low dairy consumption on glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, and metabolic flexibility in overweight adults: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Dairy products contain many nutritious components that may benefit metabolic health. There are indications that glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity, which are generally disturbed in overweight and obese individuals, may improve by increased dairy intake. This may also affect one's metabolic flexibility.
Effect of high milk and sugar-sweetened and non-caloric soft drink intake on insulin sensitivity after 6 months in overweight and obese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background/objectives Milk contributes with saturated fat, but randomized controlled trials (RCT) on the effects of dairy on the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) where dairy is given as whole foods are scarce. The objective of our study was to investigate the long-term effects of semi-skimmed milk on insulin sensitivity and further to compare milk with sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD).
Effects of dairy compared with soy on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects; Background: We recently showed that calcitriol increases oxidative and inflammatory stress; moreover, inhibition of calcitriol with high-calcium diets decreased both adipose tissue and systemic oxidative and inflammatory stress in obese mice, whereas dairy exerted a greater effect. However, these findings may be confounded by concomitant changes in adiposity.
Determination of factors associated with serum cholesterol response to dairy fat consumption in overweight adults: Secondary analysis from an RCT; Elevated intakes of saturated fatty acids (SFA) can adversely affect serum cholesterol levels. Dairy fat contains similar to 60% SFA, prompting healthy eating guidelines to recommend low-fat dairy. Physiological, and environmental factors influence inter-individual variance in response to food consumption. Evidence exploring the dairy matrix has differing effects of dairy fat consumption on serum cholesterol levels when consumed in the form of cheese. The extent of this variability and determinants of response to dairy fat are currently unknown. The objective of this study was to determine factors associated with lipid metabolism response to a dairy fat intervention, with a focus on serum cholesterol. A 6-week randomized parallel intervention trial was carried out in healthy volunteers (>= 50 years, BMI >= 25 kg/m(2)). Participants (n = 104) consumed similar to 40g dairy fat daily in addition to their usual diet, in 1 of 3 forms: butter, cheese, or reduced-fat cheese and butter. For this analysis, 'response" was based on the percentage (%) change in serum total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) from pre- to post-intervention. Participants were divided into tertiles for each lipid response. The upper and lower tertiles were used to categorize participants as "responders" and "non-responders." For TC and LDL-c, response was classified as a decrease, whereas "response" was defined as an increase for HDL-c. Clinical response was also considered, by calculating pre- and post-intervention prevalence of those meeting target levels of cholesterol recommendations. Participants demonstrating the largest % decrease (Tertile 1; "responders") in TC had significantly higher levels of TC and HDL-c, at baseline, and lower levels of triglycerides (TAGs) compared to those in tertile 3 (i.e., TC non-responders). Those with the largest % decrease in LDL-c (Tertile 1: LDL-c responders) had higher baseline levels of LDL-c and tower levels of TAGs. Multiple regression analysis revealed that the % change in TC and LDL-c was associated with baseline TC, TAG, body weight and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP; P < 0.05). Previous work has demonstrated the dairy food matrix affects lipid response to dairy consumption. This study suggests that phenotypic differences may also influence response to dairy fat in overweight individuals.
Dairy foods and risk of stroke: A meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background and aims: Epidemiological studies evaluating the association of dairy foods with risk of stroke have produced inconsistent results. We conducted a meta-analysis to summarize the evidence from prospective cohort studies regarding the association between dairy foods and risk of stroke.
Visual Cues and Food Intake: Distortion Power of Plate and Spoon Size on Overweight and Obese University Staff; Background: This study was designed to evaluate the effect of the size of plate, spoon, and fork on food and energy intake during a meal in obese or overweight staff. Methods: This was a. crossover randomized controlled trial that was conducted on 40 obese or overweight clerical staff of the university. The staff was invited to have lunch randomly, receiving either a large or a small set of plate, spoon, and fork Washout period was 3 weeks, and the participants were then invited to have lunch in a second intervention period and received opposite sizes of dishes compared to the first period sizes. The meal was composed of roasted chicken (kebab), cooked rice, vegetable salad, dairy drink, and soda. Changes in food intake between large and small utensils (plate, spoon, and fork) were analyzed with paired t-test. Results: Rice intake using small or large eating utensils was different (P = 0.02). But total energy intake was not different. The Pearson correlation test. demonstrated a positive and significant correlation between rice consumption and waist-to-hip ratio (P = 0.02). Soda (P = 0.02), carbohydrate (P = 0.01), and total energy intake (P = 0.03) were negatively correlated with the age of the participant. Conclusions: It seems that only the amount of grain products consumption changes with changing in dishware size with no significant effect on total energy intake. It is recommended that the independent effect of visual cues on food intake for foods with different textures be investigated in future studies.
Effect of calcium and dairy foods in high protein, energy-restricted diets on weight loss and metabolic parameters in overweight adults; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects two high-protein (HP) diets that differ in dietary calcium and protein source on weight loss, body composition, glucose and lipid metabolism, markers of liver function, fibrinolysis and endothelial function and blood pressure.
Whole cow's milk consumption and fat mass loss in obese or overweight outpatients in the state of Mexico; Introduction: Fat is one of the most controversial macronutrients in whole cow's milk (WCM) because of its role in the development of obesity and overweight. However, there is sufficient evidence to refute that whole cow's milk is responsible for the development of obesity or overweight. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of WCM within a dietary intervention for fat mass loss in adults with obesity or overweight. Methods: Semi-experimental, non-randomized, parallel design study with 40 patients who were prescribed the same dietary design, differing by the type of milk they usually consumed; 10 for each type of milk: whole, semi-skim, non-fat, and no milk. Each subject was evaluated for three months. Lost kilograms of fat mass were compared between the 4 groups.Results: Losing 4 kg of fat mass probability for whole milk group was twenty times higher than for no milk group (OR = 21), five times higher than for non-fat milk (OR = 6), and eight times higher than for semi-skim milk (OR = 9). No significant differences were found in baseline and final physical activity (p = 0.197).Conclusions: This study yielded evidence that people who consume WM has greater fat loss than those who consume other type of milk or who do not consume milk, regardless of physical activity.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study; Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P=0.070), and soluble TNF-alpha receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P=0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P=0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF-alpha index, defined as the TNF-alpha:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P=0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
Increased calcium intake from skimmed milk in energy-restricted diets reduces glycation markers in adults with type 2 diabetes and overweight: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial; The effect of calcium (Ca) on glycation markers is unknown. We hypothesized that increased Ca intake from skimmed milk associated with an energy-restricted diet intake will reduce glycation markers. This reduction will be associated with a greater improvement in markers of metabolic control in adults with type 2 diabetes, overweight, and low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg/d). In this secondary data analysis based on a crossover clinical trial, 14 adults were allocated into 2 groups: high calcium (shake containing 700 mg Ca/day) or low calcium (shake with 6.4 mg Ca/day), for 12 consecutive weeks per session. Energy-restricted diets were also prescribed (-500 kcal/d, 800 mg of dietary Ca/d) to all participants. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs), soluble receptor for AGEs (sRAGE), glycemic control, and lipid profile were assessed at baseline and after 12 weeks. High-calcium serum AGE concentrations and AGE/sRAGE ratio were lower at the end of the study. Delta AGE and Delta AGE/sRAGE ratio were both positively associated with Delta triglycerides, Delta total cholesterol, Delta triglyceride-glucose index and variations, and Delta visceral adiposity index. Delta AGE/sRAGE was positively associated with Delta fructosamine and Delta high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and negatively associated with male sex. Consumption of approximately 1200 mg/day of calcium (3 servings of skim milk) reduced serum AGEs concentrations and the AGE/sRAGE ratio in individuals with diabetes. In general, positive changes in glycation markers are associated with lipid profile, insulin resistance, and adiposity markers worsening. Delta AGEs/Delta sRAGE ratio seems to be a better marker of metabolic status than Delta AGEs and Delta sRAGE alone. Registered in ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02377076). (c) 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk Enriched with Conjugated Linoleic Acid Fails to Alter Blood Lipids or Body Composition in Moderately Overweight, Borderline Hyperlipidemic Individuals; Background: Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) represents a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The effects of dietary CLA on blood lipids and body composition in humans remain controversial.
Dairy Consumption and Risk of Stroke: A Systematic Review and Updated Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Background-A higher milk consumption may be associated with a lower stroke risk. We conducted a comprehensive systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of milk and other dairy products in relation to stroke risk.
Impact of dairy products on biomarkers of inflammation: a systematic review of randomized controlled nutritional intervention studies in overweight and obese adults; Background: Recent data from cross-sectional studies suggest that consumption of dairy products is inversely associated with low-grade systemic inflammation, but a cause-and-effect relation can be confirmed only with results from randomized controlled trials.
Breastfeeding Education and Support Trial for Overweight and Obese Women: A Randomized Trial; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a specialized breastfeeding peer counseling (SBFPC) intervention promoting exclusive breastfeeding (EBF) among overweight/obese, low-income women.
The effect of almonds on anthropometric measurements and lipid profile in overweight and obese females in a weight reduction program: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Due to the wholesome benefits of nuts increased consumption of them has been recommended. However, because of nut's high energy density, the role of them in the treatment of overweight and obesity is vague. This current clinical trial study aims to investigate the effects of a balanced hypocaloric almond-enriched diet (AED) (almond group) in comparison to a balanced hypocaloric nut-free diet (NFD) (nut-free group) on body weight and cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with body mass index (BMI) > 25 for 3-month. Materials and Methods: A total of 108 overweight and obese women were assigned in our 3-month randomized controlled trial. The subjects were randomly divided into two groups regarding a balanced hypocaloric diet with or without almond. The planned reduced calorie diets for both groups were identical except for the almond group who consumed 50 g of almonds daily. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements of the participants who completed the study were made prior to and at the end of the study. Results: A total of 100 subjects completed the study. Weight, BMI, waist circumference, waist to hip circumference ratio, total cholesterol, and triglyceride, total: High density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting blood sugar and diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly in the almond group compared to the nut-free group (P > 0.001). Greater reduction in low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P > 0.002) and systolic blood pressure (P > 0.001) and greater increase in HDL-C (P = 0.001) were found in the nut-free group. Conclusion: The balanced hypocaloric AED in comparison to the balanced hypocaloric NFD led to a greater weight-loss and overall better improvements in studied cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks ( P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week ( P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption ( P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline ( P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly ( P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on weight control and body composition in healthy overweight people; Introduction: Conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs) have shown beneficial effects in weight control therapy however this relation is not clear.
High intake of dairy during energy restriction does not affect energy balance or the intestinal microflora compared with low dairy intake in overweight individuals in a randomized controlled trial; During weight loss, dairy calcium is proposed to accelerate weight and fat-mass loss through increased fecal fat excretion. The primary objective was to investigate if a high-dairy energy-restricted diet is superior to low dairy in terms of changes in body weight, body composition, and fecal fat excretion over 24 weeks. Secondary objectives included fecal energy and calcium excretion, resting energy expenditure, blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and gut microbiota. In a randomized, parallelarm intervention study, 11 men and 69 women (body mass index, 30.6 +/- 0.3 kg/m(2); age, 44 +/- 1 years) were allocated to a 500-kcal (2100 kJ) -deficit diet that was either high (HD: 1500 mg calcium/day) or low (LD: 600 mg calcium/day) in dairy products for 24 weeks. Habitual calcium intake was similar to 1000 mg/day. Body weight loss (HD: -6.6 +/- 1.3 kg, LD: -7.9 +/- 1.5 kg, P = 0.73), fat-mass loss (HD: -7.8% +/- 1.3%, LD: -8.5% +/- 1.1%, P = 0.76), changes in fecal fat excretion (HD: -0.57 +/- 0.76 g, LD: 0.46 +/- 0.70 g, P = 0.12), and microbiota composition were similar for the groups over 24 weeks. However, total fat-mass loss was positively associated with relative abundance of Papillibacter (P = 0.017) independent of diet group. Consumption of a high-dairy diet did not increase fecal fat or accelerate weight and fat-mass loss beyond energy restriction over 24 weeks in overweight and obese adults with a habitual calcium intake of similar to 1000 mg/day. However, this study indicates that Papillibacter is involved in body compositional changes.
The Consumption of Milk and Dairy Foods and the Incidence of Vascular Disease and Diabetes: An Overview of the Evidence; The health effects of milk and dairy food consumption would best be determined in randomised controlled trials. No adequately powered trial has been reported and none is likely because of the numbers required. The best evidence comes, therefore, from prospective cohort studies with disease events and death as outcomes. Medline was searched for prospective studies of dairy food consumption and incident vascular disease and Type 2 diabetes, based on representative population samples. Reports in which evaluation was in incident disease or death were selected. Meta-analyses of the adjusted estimates of relative risk for disease outcomes in these reports were conducted. Relevant case-control retrospective studies were also identified and the results are summarised in this article. Meta-analyses suggest a reduction in risk in the subjects with the highest dairy consumption relative to those with the lowest intake: 0.87 (0.77, 0.98) for all-cause deaths, 0.92 (0.80, 0.99) for ischaemic heart disease, 0.79 (0.68, 0.91) for stroke and 0.85 (0.75, 0.96) for incident diabetes. The number of cohort studies which give evidence on individual dairy food items is very small, but, again, there is no convincing evidence of harm from consumption of the separate food items. In conclusion, there appears to be an enormous mis-match between the evidence from long-term prospective studies and perceptions of harm from the consumption of dairy food items.
Dairy products and metabolic effects in overweight men and women: results from a 6-mo intervention study; Background: Some epidemiologic studies have suggested inverse relations between intake of dairy products and components of the metabolic syndrome.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Diseases: An Overview of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Milk and dairy products containing milk fat are major food sources of saturated fatty acids, which have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular-related clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. Therefore, current recommendations by health authorities advise consumption of low-fat or fat-free milk. Today, these recommendations are seriously questioned by meta-analyses of both prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting inconsistent results. The present study includes an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of follow-up studies, an overview of meta-analyses involving RCTs, and an update on meta-analyses of RCTs (2013-2018) aiming to synthesize the evidence regarding the influence of dairy product consumption on the risk of major cardiovascular-related outcomes and how various doses of different dairy products affect the responses, as well as on selected biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk, i.e., blood pressure and blood lipids. The search strategies for both designs were conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases from their inception to April 2018. From the 31 full-text articles retrieved for cohort studies, 17 met the eligibility criteria. The pooled risk ratio estimated for the association between the consumption of different dairy products at different dose-responses and cardiovascular outcomes (CVD, CHD, and stroke) showed a statistically significant negative association with RR values <1, or did not find evidence of significant association. The overview of 12 meta-analyses involving RCTs as well as the updated meta-analyses of RCTs did not result in significant changes on risk biomarkers such as systolic and diastolic blood pressure and total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, the present study states that the consumption of total dairy products, with either regular or low fat content, does not adversely affect the risk of CVD.
The effect of whey protein on the components of metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese individuals; a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The risk of developing chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, dyslipidemia, and stroke is increased following an outbreak of metabolic syndrome. Whey protein can play a major role in preventing metabolic syndrome.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on plasma glucose in overweight and obese pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Introduction There is only some evidence about effectiveness of probiotics for preventing gestational hyperglycaemia. This trial examined the effects of probiotic yoghurts containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on maternal plasma glucose (primary outcome) and on some maternal and infant complications (secondary outcomes) in overweight and obese women with no diabetes in pregnancy. Methods Using stratified block randomization, women with pre- or early-pregnancy BMI >= 25 and fasting plasma glucose < 92 mg/dl at 22 weeks of gestation were assigned into probiotic or conventional yoghurt group, consuming 100 g/day from 24 weeks of gestation until delivery. The women and their infants were followed up until 1 month after birth. Results In each group, one out of 65 women had intra-uterine foetal death and were not analysed for other outcomes. The mean BMI was 29.2 (SD 3.3) in probiotic and 30.3 (SD 4.1) in conventional yoghurt group. Four weeks after initiation of the treatment, plasma glucose levels were significantly lower in the probiotic than in conventional yoghurt group at fasting (mean difference adjusted for the BMI category) and baseline FPG (- 4.0 mg/dl; 95% confidence interval - 6.9, - 1.1) and 2-h OGTT (- 13.9; - 22.8, - 5.0). At the 1-h OGTT, however, the difference was not statistically significant (- 9.8; - 20.6, 0.9). Further, there was a significantly lower infant bilirubin level in the probiotic group on days 3-5 after birth (- 2.2 mg/dl; - 3.3, - 1.2). There were not statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the risk of gestational diabetes (6 vs 11; odds ratio 0.5; 0.2, 1.5), preterm delivery (3 vs 8; 0.3; 0.1, 1.2), and other maternal and infant outcomes. Conclusion The probiotics supplementation has some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism of overweight and obese pregnant women. Nevertheless, further studies are required to judge the clinical significance of such effects.
Independent and Combined Effects of Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation on Blood Lipids in Overweight or Obese Premenopausal Women: A Triple-Blind Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Dyslipidemia is often associated with obesity and contributes to the increased risk of atherosclerosis, heart disease, and stroke. This study was designed to evaluate the independent or combined effect of calcium and vitamin D (Ca + Vit D) supplementation on blood lipid profile in overweight or obese premenopausal women. Methods: This study is a triple-blind, randomized, parallel, placebo-controlled trial. About 100 overweight or obese (body mass index (BMI) of 25-40 kg/m2) premenopausal (aged 30-50 years) women, recruited from Shiraz University of Medical Sciences (SUMS) clinics, were allocated into 4 groups: (1) calcium (Ca) supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate), (2) vitamin D (Vit D) supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 200 IU vitamin D3), (3) Ca + Vit D supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate plus 200 IU vitamin D3), (4) placebo supplementation (2 tablets per day, containing micro-cellulose). All participants received a 500 kcal energy-restricted diet. Blood lipids, serum vitamin D, and anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks. Physical activity and 3-day dietary records were taken at baseline and every 4 weeks during the intervention. Results: At 8 weeks, triglyceride levels were significantly decreased in the Ca group (P = 0.002). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels were decreased in the Ca + Vit D group (P = 0.04) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels decreased in both the Ca and Ca + Vit D groups (P = 0.006, P = 0.004, respectively). The results of one-way ANOVA indicated that changes in the serum lipid profile levels were not significantly different among the four groups (P = 0.90, P = 0.86, P = 0.61, P = 0.27, and P = 0.19, respectively for TG, TC, LDL, HDL, and LDL/HDL). The results were not significant even after adjusting for potential covariates. Conclusions: Although the results were not significantly different among the four treated groups at 8 weeks, within-group changes like the reduction in triglyceride and LDL levels, respectively in the Ca group and Ca + Vit D group, and HDL levels in both the Ca and Ca + Vit D groups were significant. These changes may have potentially significant public health implications.
Human Obesity: Is Insufficient Calcium/Dairy Intake Part of the Problem?; Epidemiological data have shown that low calcium intake is a risk factor for overweight and obesity. The clinical implications of this relationship have been confirmed in weight loss studies performed in low calcium consumers in whom calcium or dairy supplementation accentuated body weight and fat loss. Up to now, laboratory studies and clinical trials have demonstrated that this effect may be explained by an increase in fat oxidation and fecal loss as well as a facilitation of appetite control. Taken together, these observations suggest that insufficient calcium intake can be part of the obesity problem in some individuals and that an increase in calcium/dairy intake is part of the solution.
Kefir in the Prevention and Treatment of Obesity and Metabolic Disorders; Purpose of Review This review summarizes recent animal and human trials examining the potential for kefir to improve obesity, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Evidence for pathways affected and suggestions of possible mechanisms of action are also considered.
Effects of protein quantity and type on diet induced thermogenesis in overweight adults: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: Protein content of a meal is hypothesized to drive DIT dose-dependently. However, no single meal study exists comparing two different doses of protein on DIT. In addition, the source of protein, particularly whey protein, was shown to have a higher DIT than casein and soy in the acute setting, however the mechanism behind this difference is not yet clear. The aim of the present work is therefore to evaluate the efficacy of two different doses and types of protein (whey protein and casein) on DIT in overweight adults.
Randomized controlled trials reporting the effects of probiotics in individuals with overweight and obesity: A critical review of the interventions and body adiposity parameters; Obesity is a complex chronic metabolic disease that impairs health and reduces lifespan. Therefore, effective strategies for the prevention and treatment of obesity are necessary. Although several studies have demonstrated that gut dysbiosis is associated with obesity it, remains controversial whether the altered gut microbiota is a risk factor for or a consequence of obesity. Recent randomized clinical trials (RCTs) evaluating if gut microbiota modulation with probiotics favors weight loss present conflicting results, which can be attributed to the heterogeneity in the study designs. The aim of this paper is to make a comprehensive review describing the heterogeneity of interventions and body adiposity assessment methods of RCTs that evaluated the effects of probiotics on body weight and body adiposity in individuals with overweight and obesity. Thirty-three RCTs were identified through a search strategy. As main results we observed that similar to 30% of the RCTs reported a significant decrease in body weight and body mass index (BMI) and similar to 50% found a significant reduction in waist circumference and total fat mass. The beneficial effects of probiotics were more consistent in trials with & GE;12 weeks, probiotics dose >= 1010 CFU/day, in capsules, sachets or powder, and without concomitant energy restriction. The evidence of probiotics effects on body adiposity may improve and be more consistent in future RCTs which include methodological characteristics such as longer duration, higher dose, non-dairy vehicle, non-concurrent energy restriction and use of more accurate measures of body fat deposits (e.g., body fat mass and waist circumference) instead of body weight and BMI. (c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight, post-menopausal women; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the acute effects of dietary whey proteins on lipids, glucose and insulin, and resting energy expenditure in overweight and obese post-menopausal women, a population highly susceptible to cardiovascular disease.
Association of trans fatty acids (vegetable ghee) and clarified butter (Indian ghee) intake with higher risk of coronary artery disease in rural and urban populations with low fat consumption; These cross-sectional surveys included 1769 rural (894 men and 875 women) and 1806 urban (904 men and 902 women) randomly selected subjects between 25-64 years of age from Moradabad in North India. The total prevalence of coronary artery disease based on clinical history and electrocardiogram was significantly higher in urban compared to rural men (11.0 vs. 3.9%) and women (6.9 vs. 2.6%), respectively. Food consumption patterns showed that important differences in relation to coronary artery disease were higher intake of total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat, eggs, sugar and jaggery in urban compared to rural subjects. Prevalence of coronary artery disease in relation to visible fat intake showed a higher prevalence rate with higher visible fat intake in both sexes and the trend was significant for total prevalence rates both for rural and urban men and women. Subgroup analysis among urban (694 men and 694 women) and rural (442 men and 435 women) subjects consuming moderate to high fat diets showed that subjects eating trans fatty acids plus clarified butter or those consuming clarified butter as total visible fat had a significantly higher prevalence of coronary artery disease compared to those consuming clarified butter plus vegetable oils in both rural (9.8, 7.1 vs. 3.0%) and urban (16.2, 13.5 vs. 11.0%) men as well as in rural (9.2, 4.5 vs. 1.5%) and urban (10.7, 8.8 vs. 6.4%) women. Univariate and multivariate regression analysis with adjustment for age showed that sedentariness in women, body mass index in urban men and women, milk and clarified butter plus trans fatty acids in both rural and urban in both sexes were significantly associated with coronary artery disease. It is possible that lower intake of total visible fat (20 g/day), decreased intake of milk, increased physical activity and cessation of smoking may benefit some populations in the prevention of coronary artery disease.
Does dietary fat affect inflammatory markers in overweight and obese individuals?-a review of randomized controlled trials from 2010 to 2016; Background: Obesity, a major cause of death and disability, is increasing worldwide. Obesity is characterized by a chronic, low-grade inflammatory state which is suggested to play a critical role in the development of obesity-related diseases like cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. In fact, in the hours following consumption of a meal, a transient increase in inflammatory markers occurs, a response that is exaggerated in obese subjects. Dietary composition, including content of dietary fatty acids, may affect this inflammatory response both acutely and chronically, and thereby be predictive of progression of disease. The aim of the review was to summarize the literature from 2010 to 2016 regarding the effects of dietary fat intake on levels of inflammatory markers in overweight and obesity in human randomized controlled trials.
At what age do normal weight Canadian children become overweight adults? Differences according to sex and metric; Background: The prevalence of overweight and obesity doubles between adolescence and young adulthood; however, the exact age, and appropriate metric to use to identify when overweight develops is still debated. Aim: To examine the age of onset of overweight by sex and four metrics: body mass index (BMI), fat mass (%FM), waist circumference (WC) and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR). Subjects and methods: Between 1991 and 2017, serial measures of body composition were taken on 237 (108 males) individuals (aged 8-40 years of age). Hierarchical random effects models were used to develop growth curves. Curves were compared to BMI, %FM and WC overweight age- and sex-specific cut-points. Results: In males, the BMI growth curve crossed the cut-point at 22.0 years, compared to 23.5 and 26.5 years for WHtR and %FM, respectively; WC cut-off was not reached until 36 years. In females, the BMI growth curve crossed the overweight cut-point at 21.5 years, compared to 14.2 years for %FM and 21.9 and 27.5 years for WC and WHtR, respectively. Conclusion: In summary, overweight onset occurs during young adulthood with the exception of WC in males. BMI in males and %FM in females were the metrics identifying overweight the earliest.
Factors Involved in the Persistence of Overweight among Children Enrolled in the Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants, and Children; Objective To investigate differences between children ages 2 and 5 years enrolled in the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) in Texas whose overweight persisted and those whose overweight resolved. Methods The study involved administration of a survey to a randomly selected stratified sample of parents and guardians of WIC children residing in the 11 public health regions in Texas. Subjects volunteered to complete the survey during a scheduled WIC appointment. A total of 445 surveys were completed, 206 by parents/guardians of children classified as having persistent overweight, and 239 by those with children classified as having non-persistent overweight. Results and Conclusions A higher percentage of children in the non-persistent group were male, younger, white, consumed more dairy products, had a mother living in the household, and a family member who participated in physical activity with the child. A higher percentage of parents of children in the persistent group reported that they had been told their child was overweight and received information about overweight in children from the WIC staff. A higher percentage also felt their child was overweight, that their child's weight could be improved, that their child's weight did not improve in the last year and were concerned about their child's weight. This study identified several variables associated with overweight persistence. WIC personnel and other public health educators can utilize these findings to identify overweight children who are at higher risk for non-improvement and to plan more effective intervention strategies for the population studied.
Bovine Peptic Casein Hydrolysate Ameliorates Cardiovascular Risk Factors in a Model of ApoE-deficient Mice but not Overweight, Mildly Hypercholesterolaemic Men; Associations have been shown between consumption of bovine dairy and decreased prevalence of metabolic related disorders. Milk peptides may promote both angiotensin-I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition for blood pressure (BP) lowering and insulin action for better glycaemic control. Less is known of other metabolic parameters. The aim of this study was to investigate effects of dairy peptic casein hydrolysate (CH) on markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in (1) an apolipoproteinE (ApoE) - deficient mouse model of high-fat fed hypercholesterolaem-ia, and, (2) a clinical study of moderate overweight and hypercholesterolaemia. In Trial 1, ApoE-deficient mice were supplemented with high dose CH (similar to 1g/kg body weight) in a randomised, 9-wk, parallel design intervention, and blood and tissue samples harvested. In Trial 2, 24 mildly hypercholesterolaemic men were supplemented with lower dose CH (similar to 0.1g/kg body weight, 10g/day, 3-wks) and matched whey protein control (WP, 10g/day, 3-wks) in a randomised, 9-wk, cross-over design intervention. Diets were separated by a 3-wk washout. Fasting blood and urine samples were collected, and blood pressure (BP) measured weekly. Clinical trial registration number, ACTRN 12611001013954. In ApoE-deficient mice, administration of CH significantly inhibited circulating total cholesterol concentrations by 37% (TC, P<0.01) and decreased aorta atherosclerotic lesion score by 25% (P<0.01). In the clinical study there were no significant differential effects of CH supplementation on CV markers, including serum lipids (TC, LDL-C, HDL-C, triglyceride), glucose and BP. Whilst high dose bovine peptic CH attenuated CVD risk in a murine ApoE deficient model of aggressive hypercholesterolaemia, no evidence of amelioration of risk by supplementation with a lower dose of CH in an overweight population of mildly hypercholesterolaemic men was found.
Effect of a low energy diet, containing a high protein, probiotic condensed yogurt, on biochemical and anthropometric measurements among women with overweight/obesity: A randomised controlled trial; Background & aims: The aim of this study was to determine the effect of low energy diet containing condensed processed yogurt (Kashk), as a high protein, calcium and probiotic enriched product, on glycemic control, lipid profile, anthropometric measurements and blood pressure among women with overweight/obesity.
Comparative effects of whey and casein proteins on satiety in overweight and obese individuals: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Dairy protein seems to reduce appetite by increasing satiety and delaying the return of hunger and subsequently lowering energy intake compared with fat or carbohydrate. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of whey with that of casein proteins on satiety in overweight/obese individuals.
Ultra-Processed Food Consumption and Risk of Overweight or Obesity in Chinese Adults: Chinese Food Consumption Survey 2017-2020; Overweight and obesity have increased rapidly in the past few decades in China, and less research has focused on the association between the consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) and overweight or obesity in Chinese adults. The objective of this study was to determine the relationship of UPF consumption with the risk of overweight or obesity in Chinese adults. Residents aged 18 years and above who participated in the nationally representative survey Chinese Food Consumption Survey in 2017-2020 were included in this study. Dietary intake data were collected via non-consecutive three-day 24 h dietary recalls and weighing household foods and condiments. According to the NOVA food classification system, UPFs were classified depending on the purpose and extent of food processing. Multiple logistic regression and multivariate-adjusted restricted cubic spline (RCS) regressions were performed to estimate the association between UPF consumption (categorized into quartiles: quartile 1 (Q1), quartile 2 (Q2), quartile 3 (Q3), and quartile 4 (Q4)) and risk of overweight or obesity. A total of 38,658 adults aged 18 years and above participated in the present study. The prevalence of overweight and obesity in adults was 33.0% (95% CI: 32.91-33.10) and 9.6% (95% CI 9.55-9.67), respectively. After a multivariable adjustment, the risk of overweight or obesity was increased by 10% in Q3 (OR: 1.10, 95% CI: 1.04-1.17) compared to Q1 as a reference. Women (OR: 1.10, 95% CI: 1.01-1.20) and adults living in small and medium-sized cities (OR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.01-1.26) with higher UPF consumption had higher odds of overweight or obesity. Nevertheless, the effect of higher UPF consumption on the risk of overweight or obesity was relatively weak for overall adults in China. The top three categories of subgroups consumption of UPFs were 1: sugar-sweetened beverages; 2: sauces, cheeses, spreads, and gravies; and 3: ultra-processed breads and breakfast cereals. These findings provide evidence that higher UPF consumption was positively associated with overweight or obesity, which was defined based on Chinese criteria among women and adults living in small and medium-sized cities in China. Further studies, such as intervention trials, are needed to identify the mechanism of correlation between the consumption of UPFs and health-related outcomes in Chinese adults. From a public health perspective, with the prevalence of overweight and obesity growing and the increase in UPF consumption in Chinese adults, it is necessary to promote healthy food intake and a balanced diet through active nutritional education actions for overweight and obesity prevention and control.
The effect of dairy products on liver fat and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity- a four-arm randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: In recent years, epidemiological studies have reported links between the consumption of fermented dairy products, such as yogurt, and health; however, evidence from human intervention trials is scarce and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the effect of consumption of four different types of dairy products (two fermented and two non-fermented) on liver fat (primary outcome) and metabolic risk markers in males with abdominal obesity. Methods: In this parallel randomized controlled trial with four arms, 100 males aged 30-70 years, with body mass index 28.0-45.0 kg/m(2), and waist circumference >= 102 cm underwent a 16-weeks intervention where they were instructed to consume 400 g/day of either milk, yogurt, heat-treated yogurt, or acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Liver fat was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. Results: In the complete case analyses (n = 80), no effects of the intervention or differences between groups were detected in anthropometry or body composition including liver fat. Moreover, no effects were detected in inflammatory markers. Main effects of time were detected in blood pressure (decrease; P < 0.001), insulin (decrease; P < 0.001), C-peptide (decrease; P = 0.040), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (decrease; P < 0.001), total cholesterol (decrease; P = 0.016), low-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.033), high-density lipoprotein (decrease; P = 0.006), and alanine transaminase (decrease; P = 0.019). Interactions between group and time failed to reach significance. Conclusions: In conclusion, findings from our study do not confirm that fermented yogurt products are superior in reducing liver fat or improving metabolic risk markers compared to non-fermented milk products. In fact, all intervention products (both fermented yogurt products and non-fermented milk products) did not affect liver fat and caused largely similar modest favorable changes in some metabolic risk markers. The study was registered at www. (c) 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight postmenopausal women; Previous evidence indicates that chronic consumption of dairy whey proteins has beneficial effects on CVD risk factors. The present study investigated the postprandial effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese postmenopausal women. This was a randomised, three-way cross-over design study where twenty overweight and obese postmenopausal women consumed a breakfast meal in conjunction with one of three supplements: 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control. Fasting and postprandial blood samples, blood pressure and pulse wave analysis readings were taken for up to 6 h. After consumption of the meal, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and augmentation index (AI) decreased initially for all interventions and gradually returned to baseline levels by 6 h. However, there were no significant differences in AI, systolic or diastolic blood pressure within or between the glucose control, casein or whey groups. There were also no significant group effects on plasma inflammatory markers (IL-6, TNF-alpha and C-reactive protein). The health effects previously seen with chronic whey protein ingestion were not seen in the acute 6 h postprandial period in relation to blood pressure, vascular function or inflammatory markers when compared with casein and a glucose control. This suggests that such effects are better observed from the long-term consumption of whey proteins.
The effects of yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of a yoghurt containing a novel fat emulsion on energy and macronutrient intakes up to 8 h post-consumption in non-overweight, overweight and obese subjects, and to assess energy compensation over the following 24 h.
Application of Comparative Lipidomics to Elucidate Postprandial Metabolic Excursions Following Dairy Milk Ingestion in Individuals with Prediabetes; Nutrient-dense dairy foods are an important component of a healthy diet. Recommendations, however, advise non- and low-fat dairy foods despite controversy concerning whether full-fat dairy foods adversely impact cardiometabolic health. Therefore, in this study, our objective is to examine the differential plasma lipidomic responses to non-fat or full-fat milk ingestion during postprandial hyperglycemia. Seven adults with prediabetes completed a randomized cross-over study in which glucose was consumed alone or with non-fat or full-fat dairy milk. Plasma samples collected at 90 min and 180 min post milk ingestion were used to perform untargeted lipidomics analysis. A total of 332 lipids from 20 classes and five lipid categories were detected at different time points during the postprandial period. Dairy milk, especially non-fat milk, protected against lipid changes otherwise induced by glucose ingestion. Co-ingestion of dairy milk with glucose, regardless of fat content, significantly altered lipid profiles although full-fat milk more substantially modulated lipid profiles. For the identified lipid biomarkers, 68.0% and 66.7% of the lipids significantly increased at 90 and 180 min, respectively, while phosphatidylcholines (GPs) contributed most for the significant increase. Comparative lipidomics analysis indicated that both types of dairy milk induced significant changes in several lipid pathways, including glycerophospholipid metabolism and alpha-linolenic acid metabolism, to protect against postprandial hyperglycemia. In summary, our comparative lipidomics results suggested that dairy milk-mediated lipid modulation may be an effective dietary approach to reduce the risk of metabolic diseases among those with prediabetes.
Effects of dietary milk- and soya-phospholipids on lipid-parameters and other risk indicators for cardiovascular diseases in overweight or obese men - two double-blind, randomised, controlled, clinical trials; The present study examined the effect of milk phospholipids (milk-PL) on lipid metabolism and on other risk factors for CVD, in comparison with milk fat (control) or soya phospholipids (soya-PL), respectively. Two double-blind parallel-group intervention trials were conducted in overweight or obese male subjects. In the first trial (trial 1), sixty-two men consumed milk enriched with either 2 g milk-PL or 2 g milk fat (control) for 8 weeks. In trial 2, fifty-seven men consumed milk enriched with either 3 g milk-PL or 2.8 g soya-PL for 7 weeks. In trial 1, milk-PL as compared with control reduced waist circumference but did not affect plasma lipids (total, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol: HDL-cholesterol ratio, TAG, phospholipids), apoB, apoA1, glucose, insulin, insulin sensitivity index, C-reactive protein, IL-6, soluble intracellular adhesion molecule and total homocysteine (tHcy). Serum activities of alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase were not changed. Activity of.-glutamyl transferase (GGT), a marker of fatty liver, increased in the control but not in the milk-PL group, with a significant intervention effect. In trial 2, milk-PL as compared with soya-PL did not affect the above-mentioned parameters, but decreased GGT. Subjects with the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase mutations CT and TT had 11 % (P < 0.05) higher baseline tHcy concentrations than those with the wild-type CC. However, genotype did not modulate the phospholipid intervention effect on tHcy. In conclusion, supplementation with milk-PL as compared with control fat reduced waist circumference and, as compared with both control fat and soya-PL, GGT activity.
Does dairy calcium intake enhance weight loss among overweight diabetic patients?; OBJECTIVE- To examine the effect of dairy calcium consumption on weight loss and improvement in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes indicators among overweight diabetic patients.
The role of a dairy fraction rich in milk fat globule membrane in the suppression of postprandial inflammatory markers and bone turnover in obese and overweight adults: an exploratory study; Background: Inflammation is associated with increased bone resorption; the role of inflammation in postprandial bone turnover has not been explored. Consumption of milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) reduces inflammation in animal models. This study aimed to measure postprandial changes in bone turnover after intake of high saturated fat test meals, with-and without the anti-inflammatory ingredient MFGM.
Associations of types of dairy consumption with adiposity: cross-sectional findings from over 12 000 adults in the Fenland Study, UK; Evidence from randomised controlled trials supports beneficial effects of total dairy products on body weight, fat and lean mass, but evidence on associations of dairy types with distributions of body fat and lean mass is limited. We aimed to investigate associations of total and different types of dairy products with markers of adiposity, and body fat and lean mass distribution. We evaluated cross-sectional data from 12 065 adults aged 30-65 years recruited to the Fenland Study between 2005 and 2015 in Cambridgeshire, UK. Diet was assessed with an FFQ. We estimated regression coefficients (or percentage differences) and their 95 % CI using multiple linear regression models. The medians of milk, yogurt and cheese consumption were 293 (interquartile range (IQR) 146-439), 35 center dot 3 (IQR 8 center dot 8-71 center dot 8) and 14 center dot 6 (IQR 4 center dot 8-26 center dot 9) g/d, respectively. Low-fat dairy consumption was inversely associated with visceral:subcutaneous fat ratio estimated with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (-2 center dot 58 % (95 % CI -3 center dot 91, -1 center dot 23 %) per serving/d). Habitual consumption per serving/d (200 g) of milk was associated with 0 center dot 33 (95 % CI 0 center dot 19, 0 center dot 46) kg higher lean mass. Other associations were not significant after false discovery correction. Our findings suggest that the influence of milk consumption on lean mass and of low-fat dairy consumption on fat mass distribution may be potential pathways for the link between dairy consumption and metabolic risk. Our cross-sectional findings warrant further research in prospective and experimental studies in diverse populations.
Postprandial Glycemic and Insulinemic Responses to Common Breakfast Beverages Consumed with a Standard Meal in Adults Who Are Overweight and Obese; Breakfast beverages with different nutrient compositions may affect postprandial glycemic control differently. We assessed the effects of consuming (1) common breakfast beverages (water, sugar-sweetened coffee, reduced-energy orange juice (OJ), and low-fat milk (LFM)); and (2) fat-free, low-fat, and whole milk with breakfast on postprandial plasma glucose and insulin responses in adults who were overweight/obese. Forty-six subjects (33F/13M, body mass index: 32.5 +/- 0.7 kg/m(2), age: 50 +/- 1 years, mean +/- SEMs) consumed a standard sandwich with one of the six beverages on separate mornings in randomized order. The test beverages (except water) each contained 12 g digestible carbohydrate. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were measured from blood obtained pre- and post-meal at 30-min intervals for 4 h and incremental areas under the curve (AUC) were computed. We found (1) among different beverage types, glucose AUC was higher for coffee versus water, OJ, and LFM. Insulin AUC was higher for coffee and LFM versus OJ and water; (2) Glucose AUCs were not different among water and milks while insulin AUC was higher for milks versus water. In conclusion, consumption of water, reduced-energy OJ, or milk (irrespective of fat content) with a meal may be preferable to consuming sugar-sweetened coffee for glucose control in middle-aged adults who are overweight and obese.
Dairy calcium supplementation in overweight or obese persons: its effect on markers of fat metabolism; Background: Dairy calcium supplementation has been proposed to increase fat oxidation and to inhibit lipogenesis.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome.
Food craving in daily life: comparison of overweight and normal-weight participants with ecological momentary assessment; Background The present study examined food cravings in daily life by comparing overweight and normal-weight participants right before eating events and at non-eating moments. It was hypothesised that overweight participants would have (i) more frequent, (ii) stronger and (iii) a greater variety of high-caloric palatable food cravings, and also would (iv) consume more high-caloric palatable foods, than normal-weight participants. Methods Ecological momentary assessment (EMA) was used to assess food craving strength and frequency, variety of specific food cravings, and food intake. Fifty-seven overweight and 43 normal-weight adult participants were assessed at eating events and at an average of eight random non-eating moments per day for 2 weeks. Foods were categorised as: high-caloric high palatable foods (HCHP), fruits and salads, staple food dishes and sandwiches, and soups and yoghurts. Results Overweight participants reported more frequent HCHP food cravings specifically at non-eating moments than did normal-weight participants. Normal-weight participants reported more food cravings for staple foods, specifically at eating events. Moreover, overweight participants craved a greater variety of HCHP foods than normal-weight participants at both eating events and random non-eating moments. No other significant between-group differences were found. Conclusions The results highlight the importance for obesity interventions (i) to specifically target high-caloric palatable food cravings that are experienced during the day and are not tied to eating moments and (ii) to aim for a reduction in the variety of high-caloric palatable food cravings. It might be fruitful to deliver treatment aimed at reducing cravings via mobile devices because this allows for easy individual tailoring and timing of interventions.
Dairy matrix effects: response to consumption of dairy fat differs when eaten within the cheese matrix-a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy fat consumed as cheese has different effects on blood lipids than that consumed as butter. It is unknown whether the effect is specific to fat interaction with other cheese nutrients (calcium, casein proteins), or to the cheese matrix itself.
The effects of probiotic bacteria on glycaemic control in overweight men and women: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Evidence from animal and in vitro models suggest a role of probiotic bacteria in improving glycaemic control and delaying the onset of type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence froth controlled trials in humans is limited. The objective was to determine if the probiotic bacteria L. acidophilus La5 and B. animalis subsp lactis Bb12, supplemented in a whole food (yoghurt) or isolated (capsules) form, can improve biomarkers of glycaemic control.
Effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (BP).
Alternative source of probiotics for lactose intolerance and vegan individuals: sugary kefir; In this review, we aimed to explain general information about sugary kefir, microbial diversity, production process and potential health effects. Although sugary kefir has been known for many years, it has not been studied much. Studies have shown that sugary kefir has a similar microbial diversity compared to traditional milk kefir and therefore may be an alternative source of probiotics. However, sugary kefir has been shown to contain probiotic properties such as adhesion to the mucosa by reaching the lumen of the mucosa, colonization of the pathogens to the mucosa. In this way, potential health effects such as antimicrobial activity, suppression of inflammation agents, reduction of oxidative stress, immunomodulation, anticancer, and anti-obesity have been demonstrated by clinical studies. However, studies on whether or not these effects are present on humans are very limited. Therefore, randomized double blind placebo controlled studies are needed to investigate potential health effects on humans.
Cardio-metabolic and immunological impacts of extra virgin olive oil consumption in overweight and obese older adults: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Both aging and obesity are related to dysregulated immune function, which may be responsible for increased risk of infection and also chronic non-infectious diseases. Dietary lipids have been shown to impact immune and inflammatory responses and cardio-metabolic risk factors. No information on the impact of olive oil on immune responses of overweight and obese older adults is available.
Potential role of milk fat globule membrane in modulating plasma lipoproteins, gene expression, and cholesterol metabolism in humans: a randomized study; Background: Butter is rich in saturated fat [saturated fatty acids (SFAs)] and can increase plasma low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. However, compared with other dairy foods, butter is low in milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) content, which encloses the fat. We hypothesized that different dairy foods may have distinct effects on plasma lipids because of a varying content of MFGM.
Dairy consumption and cardiometabolic health: outcomes of a 12-month crossover trial; Background: A growing body of research suggests that regular consumption of dairy foods may counteract obesity and other components of the metabolic syndrome. However, human intervention trials are lacking. We aimed to determine the cardiometabolic health effects of increasing the consumption of reduced fat dairy foods in adults with habitually low dairy intakes in the absence of energy restriction.
Nonfat milk attenuates acute hyperglycemia in individuals with android obesity: A randomized control trial; Background: Elevated android body fat increases the risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases. Postprandial hyperglycemia contributes to the proatherogenic metabolic state evident in android adiposity. Due to the insulinotropic effect of milk-derived proteins, postprandial hyperglycemia has been shown to be reduced with the addition of dairy products. The purpose of this study was to determine whether one serving of nonfat milk added to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) could attenuate postprandial hyperglycemia in individuals with elevated android adiposity and whether these improvements would be associated with metabolic and/or peripheral hemodynamic effects.
Effects of Calcium and Resistance Exercise on Body Composition in Overweight Premenopausal Women; Objective: To examine the combined treatment effect of a mild energy restriction, high dairy calcium intake, and resistance exercise on promoting favorable body composition changes in overweight women with a low dairy intake. Combined treatment strategies may produce synergistic effects on increasing fat loss and preserving bone in a population at risk for obesity and osteoporosis.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Controversies persist concerning the association between intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and cardiovascular disease risk.
The Stance4Health Project: Evaluating a Smart Personalised Nutrition Service for Gut Microbiota Modulation in Normal-and Overweight Adults and Children with Obesity, Gluten-Related Disorders or Allergy/Intolerance to Cow's Milk; Unhealthy diets represent a major risk for the pathogenesis of metabolic and chronic inflammatory diseases. Improving the quality of diet is important to prevent chronic diseases, and diet-induced modifications of the gut microbiota (GM) community likely play an important role. The EU-funded Stance4Health project aims at performing a randomized clinical trial based on a nutritional intervention program in the context of normal weight and overweight adults as well as children with obesity and gluten-related disorders or allergy/intolerance to cow's milk. The trial will evaluate the efficacy of a Smart Personalised Nutrition (SPN) service in modifying GM composition and metabolic function and improving consumer empowerment through technology adoption.
Increased Consumption of Dairy Foods and Protein during Diet- and Exercise-Induced Weight Loss Promotes Fat Mass Loss and Lean Mass Gain in Overweight and Obese Premenopausal Women; Weight loss can have substantial health benefits for overweight or obese persons; however, the ratio of fat:lean tissue loss may be more important. We aimed to determine how daily exercise (resistance and/or aerobic) and a hypoenergetic diet varying in protein and calcium content from dairy foods would affect the composition of weight lost in otherwise healthy, premenopausal, overweight, and obese women. Ninety participants were randomized to 3 groups (n = 30/group): high protein, high dairy (HPHD), adequate protein, medium dairy (APMD), and adequate protein, low dairy (APLD) differing in the quantity of total dietary protein and dairy food-source protein consumed: 30 and 15%, 15 and 7.5%, or 15 and <2% of energy, respectively. Body composition was measured by DXA at 0, 8, and 16 wk and MRI (n = 39) to assess visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume at 0 and 16 wk. All groups lost body weight (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.01); however, fat loss during wk 8-16 was greater in the HPHD group than in the APMD and APLD groups (P < 0.05). The HPHD group gained lean tissue with a greater increase during 8-16 wk than the APMD group, which maintained lean mass and the APLD group, which lost lean mass (P < 0.05). The HPHD group also lost more VAT as assessed by MRI (P < 0.05) and trunk fat as assessed by DXA (P < 0.005) than the APLD group. The reduction in VAT in all groups was correlated with intakes of calcium (r = 0.40; P < 0.05) and protein (r = 0.32; P < 0.05). Therefore, diet- and exercise-induced weight loss with higher protein and increased dairy product intakes promotes more favorable body composition changes in women characterized by greater total and visceral fat loss and lean mass gain. J. Nutr. 141: 1626-1634, 2011.
Dairy Foods in a Moderate Energy Restricted Diet Do Not Enhance Central Fat, Weight, and Intra-Abdominal Adipose Tissue Losses nor Reduce Adipocyte Size or Inflammatory Markers in Overweight and Obese Adults: A Controlled Feeding Study; Background. Research on dairy foods to enhance weight and fat loss when incorporated into a modest weight loss diet has had mixed results. Objective. A 15-week controlled feeding study to determine if dairy foods enhance central fat and weight loss when incorporated in a modest energy restricted diet of overweight and obese adults. Design. A 3-week run-in to establish energy needs; a 12-week 500 kcal/d energy reduction with 71 low-dairy-consuming overweight and obese adults randomly assigned to diets: <= 1 serving dairy/d (low dairy, LD) or <= 4 servings dairy/d (adequate dairy, AD). All foods were weighed and provided by the metabolic kitchen. Weight, fat, intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) macrophage number, SAT inflammatory gene expression, and circulating cytokines were measured. Results. No diet differences were observed in weight, fat, or IAAT loss; nor SAT mRNA expression of inflammation, circulating cytokines, fasting lipids, glucose, or insulin. There was a significant increase (P = 0.02) in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D in the AD group. Conclusion. Whether increased dairy intake during weight loss results in greater weight and fat loss for individuals with metabolic syndrome deserves investigation. Assessment of appetite, hunger, and satiety with followup on weight regain should be considered.
Pentadecanoic Acid Supplementation in Young Adults with Overweight and Obesity: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Obesity and its associated comorbidities are major public health concerns for which nutrition is central to disease prevention and management. Pentadecanoic acid (C15:0) has the potential for beneficial effects on obesity, but supplementation has not been studied in humans. Objectives: The primary objective was to investigate changes in plasma C15:0 levels after daily supplementation for 12 wk. Additionally, the study aimed to assess safety and tolerability as well as measure potential markers of physiologic response. Methods: This was a single-center, double-blind, randomized, controlled, 2-arm trial of 200 mg C15:0 or placebo daily for 12 wk in young adults with overweight or obesity. Results: A total of 30 participants with a mean age of 20.0 f 2.1 y and a mean body mass index of 33.4 f 5.3 kg/m2 2 were included. In total, 20 participants received C15:0 supplement and 10 received placebo. The mean increase in circulating C15:0 for the treatment group was 1.88 mu g/mL greater than that of the placebo group (P P = 0.003). No significant fi cant adverse events occurred. Half of the participants in the treatment group had a posttreatment C15:0 level > 5 mu g/mL. In these individuals, there were significantly fi cantly greater decreases in alanine aminotransferase (-29- 29 U/L, P = 0.001) and aspartate aminotransferase (-6- 6 U/L, P = 0.014), as well as a greater increase in hemoglobin (0.60 g/dL, P = 0.010), as compared with participants that did not reach a posttreatment level > 5 mu g/mL. Conclusions: Daily C15:0 supplementation increased circulating C15:0 levels in young adults with overweight or obesity. End-of-treatment C15:0 > 5 mu g/mL was associated with potentially relevant improvements in clinical indices, warranting further study. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT04947176.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) are associated with the development of metabolic disorders. Fructose is a major component of SSSDs and is demonstrated to induce uric acid (UA) production and stimulate fat accumulation independent of excess caloric intake. UA induce insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation, suggesting that UA may have a causal role in the development of metabolic complications. The objective of this study is to investigate the long-term effects of consuming SSSDs on circulating levels of UA in overweight and obese subjects.
Lifestyle Behaviors and Socio-Demographic Factors Associated with Overweight or Obesity Among Saudi Females Attending Fitness Centers; Objective: To examine the associations of overweight or obesity with several lifestyle and socio-demographic factors among Saudi women attending fitness centers in Riyadh.
Causal link between milk consumption and obesity? A 10-year longitudinal study and a Mendelian randomization study; Background: Obesity control and prevention remains challenging. Randomized controlled trials in western countries have demonstrated efficacy of dairy supplementation on fat mass reduction and lean mass increase, when combined with energy restriction protocols. However, there is scanty information on this issue among the East Asian population.
Milk and dairy consumption and risk of cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; With a growing number of prospective cohort studies, an updated dose-response meta-analysis of milk and dairy products with all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) or cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been conducted. PubMed, Embase and Scopus were searched for articles published up to September 2016. Random-effect meta-analyses with summarised dose-response data were performed for total (high-fat/low-fat) dairy, milk, fermented dairy, cheese and yogurt. Non-linear associations were investigated using the spine models and heterogeneity by subgroup analyses. A total of 29 cohort studies were available for meta-analysis, with 938,465 participants and 93,158 mortality, 28,419 CHD and 25,416 CVD cases. No associations were found for total (high-fat/low-fat) dairy, and milk with the health outcomes of mortality, CHD or CVD. Inverse associations were found between total fermented dairy (included sour milk products, cheese or yogurt; per 20 g/day) with mortality (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.97-0.99; I-2 = 94.4%) and CVD risk (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.97-0.99; I-2 = 87.5%). Further analyses of individual fermented dairy of cheese and yogurt showed cheese to have a 2% lower risk of CVD (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.95-1.00; I-2 = 82.6%) per 10 g/day, but not yogurt. All of these marginally inverse associations of totally fermented dairy and cheese were attenuated in sensitivity analyses by removing one large Swedish study. This meta-analysis combining data from 29 prospective cohort studies demonstrated neutral associations between dairy products and cardiovascular and all-cause mortality. For future studies it is important to investigate in more detail how dairy products can be replaced by other foods.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> BNR17 on Overweight and Obese Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a type of probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. A study was reported regarding the fact that BNR17 was an inhibitor of obesity and diabetic activities in the human body through previous animal experiments. This study was furthered to investigate the effect of BNR17, a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk, on obese and overweight adults.
Dairy consumption and CVD: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Inverse associations between dairy consumption and CVD have been reported in several epidemiological studies. Our objective was to conduct a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies of dairy intake and CVD. A comprehensive literature search was conducted to identify studies that reported risk estimates for total dairy intake, individual dairy products, low/full-fat dairy intake, Ca from dairy sources and CVD, CHD and stroke. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to generate summary relative risk estimates (SRRE) for high v. low intake and stratified intake dose-response analyses. Additional dose-response analyses were performed. Heterogeneity was examined in sub-group and sensitivity analyses. In total, thirty-one unique cohort studies were identified and included in the meta-analysis. Several statistically significant SRRE below 1.0 were observed, namely for total dairy intake and stroke (SRRE=091; 95 % CI 083, 099), cheese intake and CHD (SRRE=082; 95 % CI 072, 093) and stroke (SRRE=087; 95 % CI 077, 099), and Ca from dairy sources and stroke (SRRE=069; 95 % CI 060, 081). However, there was little evidence for inverse dose-response relationships between the dairy variables and CHD and stroke after adjusting for within-study covariance. The results of this meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies have shown that dairy consumption may be associated with reduced risks of CVD, although additional data are needed to more comprehensively examine potential dose-response patterns.
Effects of Regular Kefir Consumption on Gut Microbiota in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Parallel-Group, Randomized, Controlled Study; Several health-promoting effects of kefir have been suggested, however, there is limited evidence for its potential effect on gut microbiota in metabolic syndrome This study aimed to investigate the effects of regular kefir consumption on gut microbiota composition, and their relation with the components of metabolic syndrome. In a parallel-group, randomized, controlled clinical trial setting, patients with metabolic syndrome were randomized to receive 180 mL/day kefir (n = 12) or unfermented milk (n = 10) for 12 weeks. Anthropometrical measurements, blood samples, blood pressure measurements, and fecal samples were taken at the beginning and end of the study. Fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, TNF-alpha, IFN-gamma, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure showed a significant decrease by the intervention of kefir (p <= 0.05, for each). However, no significant difference was obtained between the kefir and unfermented milk groups (p > 0.05 for each). Gut microbiota analysis showed that regular kefir consumption resulted in a significant increase only in the relative abundance of Actinobacteria (p = 0.023). No significant change in the relative abundance of Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria or Verrucomicrobia by kefir consumption was obtained. Furthermore, the changes in the relative abundance of sub-phylum bacterial populations did not differ significantly between the groups (p > 0.05, for each). Kefir supplementation had favorable effects on some of the metabolic syndrome parameters, however, further investigation is needed to understand its effect on gut microbiota composition.
Effects of low doses of fish and milk proteins on glucose regulation and markers of insulin sensitivity in overweight adults: a randomised, double blind study; Purpose To examine whether supplementation with low doses of fish or milk proteins would affect glucose regulation and circulating lipid concentrations in overweight healthy adults. Methods Ninety-three overweight adults were assigned to receive 2.5 g protein/day from herring (HER), salmon (SAL), cod (COD) or milk (CAS, a casein-whey mixture as positive control) as tablets for 8 weeks. Results Seventy-seven participants were included in the analyses. HER and SAL did not affect glucose and insulin concentrations. COD significantly reduced within-group changes in 90 and 120 min postprandial glucose concentrations but changes were not different from HER and SAL groups. CAS supplementation significantly reduced the area under the curve for glucose concentrations (- 7%), especially when compared to SAL group, and reduced postprandial insulin c-peptide concentration (- 23%). Reductions in acetoacetate (- 24%) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (- 29%) serum concentrations in HER group were more prominent compared to SAL and COD groups, with no differences between fish protein groups for alpha-hydroxybutyrate. Serum concentrations of alpha-hydroxybutyrate (- 23%), acetoacetate (- 39%) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (- 40%) were significantly reduced within CAS group, and the decreases were significantly more pronounced when compared to SAL group. Serum lipid concentrations were not altered in any of the intervention groups. Conclusion Findings indicate that 2.5 g/day of proteins from fish or milk may be sufficient to improve glucose regulation in overweight adults. The effects were most pronounced after supplementation with proteins from cod, herring and milk, whereas salmon protein did not affect any of the measurements related to glucose regulation. Clinical trail registration This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01641055.
Dairy milk proteins attenuate hyperglycemia-induced impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting increases in glycemia and oxidative stress that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO center dot) bioavailability. Dairy milk and its proteins attenuate PPH, but whether this improves VEF is unknown. We hypothesized that dairy milk, mediated by its whey and/or casein proteins, improves VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO center dot bioavailability. A randomized, cross-over trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=23) who ingested glucose (75 g, GLU) alone or with 473 mL of non-fat dairy milk (MILK) or isonitrogenous (16.5 g) amounts of whey (WHEY) or casein (CASEIN) in 473 mL of water. Prior to and at 30 min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress, and NO center dot homeostasis. FMDAUC decreased to the greatest extent during GLU, which was similarly improved in dairy trials. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F-2-isoprostanes, methylglyoxal, and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Plasma arginine and NO center dot metabolites were greater but methylated arginine metabolites were lower in dairy trials compared with GLU. Postprandial insulin, lipids, and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, mediated by its whey and casein proteins, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO center dot bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO center dot biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. These findings support observational studies that dairy milk lowers cardiovascular disease risk. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods.
Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, protects against postprandial hyperglycemia-mediated impairments in vascular endothelial function in adults with prediabetes by limiting oxidative stress responses that reduce nitric oxide bioavailability; Postprandial hyperglycemia (PPH) transiently impairs vascular endothelial function (VEF) in an oxidative-stress-dependent manner by decreasing nitric oxide (NO center dot) bioavailability. Dairy milk, regardless of fat content, attenuates PPH, but whether this improves VEF by limiting oxidative stress responses that otherwise decrease NO center dot bioavailability is not known. We hypothesized that nonfat and full-fat dairy milk would similarly improve VEF by attenuating PPH-induced oxidative stress that otherwise decreases NO center dot biosynthesis and bioavailability. A randomized, crossover trial was conducted in adults with prediabetes (n=22) who ingested glucose (75 g) dissolved in 473 ml of water (GLU), or glucose with an equal volume of nonfat dairy milk (NFM) or full-fat dairy milk (FFM). Prior to and at 30-min intervals for 180 min postprandially, we assessed brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD) and measured circulating biomarkers of glycemic control, oxidative stress and NO center dot homeostasis. AUC(0-180 min) for FMD and NO center dot metabolites was lowest in GLU but relatively greater in NFM and FFM. Compared with GLU, AUCs for glucose, malondialdehyde, F-2-isoprostanes and endothelin-1 were similarly lower in dairy trials. Milk-mediated vasoprotection was accompanied by greater levels of plasma arginine and lower levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine and symmetric dimethylarginine. Postprandial insulin, lipids and tetrahydrobiopterin redox status did not differ among trials. Thus, dairy milk, regardless of its fat content, attenuates PPH-mediated impairments in VEF by limiting oxidative stress. This improves NO center dot bioavailability to the vascular endothelium by increasing arginine availability and limiting competitive inhibition on NO center dot biosynthesis by asymmetric dimethylarginine. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A high protein low glycemic index diet has no adverse effect on blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity: a secondary data analysis of a randomized clinical trial; ObjectivesThe objective of this analysis was to evaluate the effect of a diet rich in animal protein and low in glycemic index on blood pressure during pregnancy.DesignThis post hoc, secondary data analysis of a randomized controlled trial, evaluated blood pressure in pregnant participants who were randomized either to an ad libitum diet with high protein and low glycemic index, rich in dairy and seafood, or an ad libitum control diet according to national recommendations.SettingThe study occurred in pregnant women in Copenhagen, Denmark.SampleA total of 279 pregnant females with overweight or obesity were enrolled.Methods and outcome measureBlood pressure was measured at 5 timepoints during pregnancy from gestational week 15 through week 36, and blood pressure between groups was compared.ResultsThere were no differences between diet arms in systolic or diastolic blood pressure over time. There were also no differences in most blood-pressure-related pregnancy complications, including the prevalence of premature birth, preeclampsia, or hypertension, but the frequency of total cesarean sections was lower in the active than the control group (16 out of 104 vs. 30 out of 104) (p = 0.02).ConclusionIncreased animal protein intake was not associated with changes in blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity.Clinical trial registration[ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT01894139].
An eight-week randomized intervention study on Korean adults to evaluate the effect of milk intake on obesity; The anti-obesity effect of milk intake has been sug-gested via a variety of designed studies, but findings of obesity interventions for Korean adults are scarcely re-p orted. The study aimed to investigate the anti-obesity effect of cow milk in Korean adults with an 8-wk ran-domized intervention. A total of 121 adults overweight aged 19 to 60 yr old were randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 groups: milk or control. During the intervention, both groups were encouraged 500 kcal of restriction a day, and the milk group consumed 200 mL of milk twice a day; the same energy intake as the control group, including milk intake, was recommended for 8 wk. We detected no significant differences in body weight (BW) and body mass index (BMI) between the milk and con-trol groups during the 8-wk intervention, although the changes in BW and BMI of those within the milk group were significant. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and serum calcium levels increased significantly in the milk group compared with the control group. Calcium, phosphorus, vitamin A, and riboflavin intakes increased significantly, when compared with the con-trol. In conclusion, 8-wk milk consumption had no ef-fect on weight loss and BMI change but improved some blood biomarkers and nutrient intake in Korean adults who were overweight. To evaluate the effect of milk on obesity reduction, well-designed, long-term, and large-scale studies are needed.
Effects of whey protein isolate on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in overweight and obese individuals; The health benefits currently associated with increased dairy intake may be attributable to the whey component of dairy proteins. The present study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on body composition, lipids, insulin and glucose in comparison to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals for 12 weeks. The subjects were randomised to whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. Fasting blood samples and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry measurements were taken. Seventy men and women with a mean age of 48.4 (SEM 0.86) years and a mean BMI of 31.3 (SEM 0.8) kg/m(2) completed the study. Subjects supplemented with whey protein had no significant change in body composition or serum glucose at 12 weeks compared with the control or casein group. Fasting TAG levels were significantly lowered in the whey group compared with the control group at 6 weeks (P=0.025) and 12 weeks (P=0.035). There was a significant decrease in total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol at week 12 in the whey group compared with the casein (P=0.026 and 0.045, respectively) and control groups (P<0.001 and 0.003, respectively). Fasting insulin levels and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance scores were also significantly decreased in the whey group compared with the control group (P=0.049 and P=0.034, respectively). The present study demonstrated that supplementation with whey proteins improves fasting lipids and insulin levels in overweight and obese individuals.
Milk supplementation facilitates appetite control in obese women during weight loss: a randomised, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Dairy products provide Ca and protein which may facilitate appetite control. Conversely, weight loss is known to increase the motivation to eat. This randomised controlled trial verified the influence of milk supplementation on appetite markers during weight loss. Low Ca consumer women participated in a 6-month energy-restricted programme (-2508 kJ/d or -600 kcal/d) and received either a milk supplementation (1000 mg Ca/d) or an isoenergetic placebo (n 13 and 12, respectively). Fasting appetite sensations were assessed by visual analogue scales. Anthropometric parameters and fasting plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, leptin, ghrelin and cortisol were measured as well. Both groups showed a significant weight loss (P<0.0001). In the milk-supplemented group, a time x treatment interaction effect showed that weight loss with milk supplementation induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger (P<0.05). Unlike the placebo group, the milk-supplemented group showed a lower than predicted decrease in fullness (-17.1 v. -88; -12.7 v. 3.3 mm, P<0.05, measured v. predicted values, respectively). Even after adjustment for fat mass loss, changes in ghrelin concentration predicted those in desire to eat (r 0.56, P<0.01), hunger (r 0.45, P<0.05) and fullness (r -0.40, P<0.05). However, the study did not show a between-group difference in the change in ghrelin concentration in response to the intervention. These results show that milk supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss. Trial registration code: ClinicalTrials.gov NTC00729170.
Effect of a Home-Based Lifestyle Intervention on Breastfeeding Initiation Among Socioeconomically Disadvantaged African American Women with Overweight or Obesity; Background: Socioeconomically disadvantaged (SED) African American women with overweight or obesity are less likely to breastfeed. Objective: To test whether a home-based lifestyle intervention impacts breastfeeding initiation rates in SED African American women with overweight or obesity. Study Design: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial from October 2012 to March 2016 at a university-based hospital within the LIFE-Moms consortium. SED African American women with overweight or obesity and singleton gestations were randomized by 16 weeks to Parents as Teachers (PAT)a home-based parenting support and child development educational interventionor PAT+, PAT with additional content on breastfeeding. Participants completed a breastfeeding survey. Outcomes included breastfeeding initiation and reasons for not initiating or not continuing breastfeeding. Results: One hundred eighteen women were included: 59 in PAT+; 59 in PAT. Breastfeeding initiation rates were similar in each group (78.00% in PAT+; 74.58% in PAT). On a one to four scale, with four denoting very important, women in PAT+ and PAT were equally likely to rate their beliefs that formula was better than breast milk or breastfeeding would be too inconvenient as the most important reasons to not initiate breastfeeding. On the same scale, women similarly rated their difficulty latching or concern for low milk supply as the most important reasons for breastfeeding cessation. Conclusion: SED African American women with overweight or obesity who received a home-based educational intervention had higher breastfeeding rates than is reported nationally for black women (59%). However, the intervention with more breastfeeding content did not further increase breastfeeding rates or impact reasons for breastfeeding cessation. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01768793.
Milk intake and incident stroke and CHD in populations of European descent: a Mendelian randomisation study; Higher milk intake has been associated with a lower stroke risk, but not with risk of CHD. Residual confounding or reverse causation cannot be excluded. Therefore, we estimated the causal association of milk consumption with stroke and CHD risk through instrumental variable (IV) and gene-outcome analyses. IV analysis included 29 328 participants (4611 stroke; 9828 CHD) of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-CVD (eight European countries) and European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Netherlands (EPIC-NL) case-cohort studies. rs4988235, a lactase persistence (LP) SNP which enables digestion of lactose in adulthood was used as genetic instrument. Intake of milk was first regressed on rs4988235 in a linear regression model. Next, associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with stroke and CHD were estimated using Prentice-weighted Cox regression. Gene-outcome analysis included 777 024 participants (50 804 cases) from MEGASTROKE (including EPIC-CVD), UK Biobank and EPIC-NL for stroke, and 483 966 participants (61 612 cases) from CARDIoGRAM, UK Biobank, EPIC-CVD and EPIC-NL for CHD. In IV analyses, each additional LP allele was associated with a higher intake of milk in EPIC-CVD (beta = 13 center dot 7 g/d; 95 % CI 8 center dot 4, 19 center dot 1) and EPIC-NL (36 center dot 8 g/d; 95 % CI 20 center dot 0, 53 center dot 5). Genetically predicted milk intake was not associated with stroke (HR per 25 g/d 1 center dot 05; 95 % CI 0 center dot 94, 1 center dot 16) or CHD (1 center dot 02; 95 % CI 0 center dot 96, 1 center dot 08). In gene-outcome analyses, there was no association of rs4988235 with risk of stroke (OR 1 center dot 02; 95 % CI 0 center dot 99, 1 center dot 05) or CHD (OR 0 center dot 99; 95 % CI 0 center dot 95, 1 center dot 03). Current Mendelian randomisation analysis does not provide evidence for a causal inverse relationship between milk consumption and stroke or CHD risk.
&ITShort communication&IT: Circulating fatty acylcarnitines are elevated in overweight periparturient dairy cows in association with sphingolipid biomarkers of insulin resistance; Defects in mitochondrial fatty acid processing are associated with the development of fatty liver disease, inflammation, and insulin resistance in overweight nonruminants. Surplus fatty acids (FA) and defects in FA oxidation favor the accumulation of fatty acylcarnitines (FAC) and the sphingolipid ceramide. Moreover, elevated circulating FAC and ceramide concentrations are inversely related to insulin action. Because we have previously demonstrated that plasma ceramide levels increase during the transition from gestation to lactation, our aim was to determine whether changes in plasma medium- and long-chain FAC levels are related to circulating FA and sphingolipids in peripartal dairy cows. We hypothesized that plasma FAC levels would be higher in overweight cows experiencing increased lipolysis, and that FAC levels would be positively associated with elevations in plasma ceramides. Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows were grouped according to body condition score (BCS) at d -30 prepartum as lean (BCS <3.0; n = 10) or overweight (BCS >4.0; n = 11). Blood was collected at d -30, -15, -7, and 4, relative to parturition. Circulating FAC and ceramide levels were determined using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. To investigate the potential contributions of sphingomyelin (SM) hydrolysis to ceramide accrual, we also determined plasma SM levels during the peripartum period. Data were analyzed under a mixed model with the fixed effects of adiposity and time, and the random effect of cow. Relative to lean cows, overweight cows had elevated FAC during the transition from gestation to lactation. Circulating FAC levels were positively associated with FA, ceramide, and dihydro-SM levels. Although circulating FAC levels increased in all cows during the peripartum, enhanced prepartum adiposity contributed to a greater rise in plasma FA and FAC. Our results support on-going efforts to determine whether altered mitochondrial FA processing promotes the accumulation of the insulin resistance biomarker ceramide in blood and liver.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Epidemiologic studies have linked high consumption of red and processed meat with risk of developing type 2 diabetes, whereas high dairy consumption has been associated with decreased risk, but interventions have been limited.
Saturated Fats from Butter but Not from Cheese Increase HDL-Mediated Cholesterol Efflux Capacity from J774 Macrophages in Men and Women with Abdominal Obesity; Background: Recent evidence suggests that the association between dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and coronary artery disease risk varies according to food sources. How SFAs from butter and cheese influence HDL-mediated cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a key process in reverse cholesterol transport, is currently unknown.
Adipose tissue fatty acids present in dairy fat and risk of stroke: the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort; PurposeThe role of dairy fat for the risk of stroke is not yet clear. Adipose tissue reflects long-term fatty acid intake and metabolism. We, therefore, investigated associations for percentages of adipose tissue fatty acids, for which dairy products are a major source (12:0, 14:0, 14:1 cis-9, 15:0, 17:0, 18:1 trans-11 and 18:2 cis-9, trans-11), with incident total stroke and stroke subtypes.MethodsWe conducted a case-cohort study within the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort, including all incident stroke cases (n=2108) and a random sample of the total cohort (n=3186). The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue biopsies was determined by gas chromatography and specific fatty acids were expressed as percentage of total fatty acids. Stroke cases were identified in the Danish National Patient Registry and the diagnoses were individually verified.ResultsWe recorded 2108 stroke cases of which 1745 were ischemic, 249 were intracerebral hemorrhages and 102 were subarachnoid hemorrhages. We observed a lower rate of ischemic stroke for a higher adipose tissue percentage of 12:0, 14:0, 15:0, 17:0, 18:1 trans-11 and 18:2 cis-9, trans-11. Adipose tissue percentages of 15:0 and 18:1 trans-11 were also inversely associated with intracerebral hemorrhage, whereas no associations between the adipose tissue fatty acids and subarachnoid hemorrhage were observed. No associations between 14:1 cis-9 and ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke were found.ConclusionsOur results suggest that a larger percentage in adipose tissue of fatty acids for which dairy products are a major source is associated with a lower rate of ischemic stroke.
Cardiometabolic Indices after Weight Loss with Calcium or Dairy Foods: Secondary Analyses from a Randomized Trial with Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women; The role of dairy foods and calcium/vitamin D supplements in cardiometabolic diseases is unknown. The objective of this secondary analysis is to investigate cardiometabolic risk factors changes after a 6-month weight-loss intervention in overweight/obese postmenopausal women divided in three groups: Ca+vitamin D supplements (S); low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day); or control/placebo pills (C), as complements to hypocaloric diets. The original study focused on bone/body composition. This analysis included blood pressure (BP), and serum triglycerides, lipids (including apoproteins Apo1 and ApoB), adipokines, and C-reactive protein in n = 97 participants who finished with complete data points. Systolic BP decreased 5.1%, 4.8%, and 1.8% in S, D, and C groups, respectively (p < 0.05 for S and D vs. baseline and vs. C at 6 months). Reduction in triglycerides and ratio of total cholesterol (TC)/high-density lipoproteins cholesterol (HDL-C) was the highest in S, while the reduction in TC and LDL-C was the highest in D group (all p < 0.05). Leptin and ApoB significantly decreased and adiponectin and ApoA1 increased in all groups. In conclusion, although the C group's participants experienced an improvement in some of the cardiometabolic indices with weight loss, those in the S and D groups showed significantly better results in most of the outcomes, indicating the beneficial effects of low-fat dairy foods and/or Ca+vitamin D intake as complements to a hypocaloric diet.
Bottle-Weaning Intervention and Toddler Overweight; Objective To evaluate 3 research questions: (1) Does a Women, Infants, and Children (WIC)-based counseling intervention reduce (milk) bottle use?; (2) Does this intervention reduce energy intake from bottles?; and (3) Does this intervention reduce the risk of a child being >85th percentile weight-for-length?
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory effects of dairy- and soy-derived peptides in pre-hypertensive overweight men and women; Background: Hypertension is considered the most prevalent cardiovascular disorder and a significant public health problem. A functional food that could potentially impede progression into a hypertensive state in pre-hypertensive individuals is of significant interest to clinicians and consumers. In vitro and animal studies suggest the presence of potential ACE inhibitory dairy- and soy-derived peptides. Very few human-based research studies have been conducted to investigate the blood pressure lowering and/or ACE-inhibitory effects of whey and soy protein hydrolysates in humans. This pilot study tested the acute effects of 20g doses of whey and soy hydrolysates in pre-hypertensive, overweight men and postmenopausal women on serum ACE activity and blood pressure.
Consumption of Goat Cheese Naturally Rich in Omega-3 and Conjugated Linoleic Acid Improves the Cardiovascular and Inflammatory Biomarkers of Overweight and Obese Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Trial; This study examines the value of a goat cheese naturally enriched in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (n-3 PUFA and conjugated linolenic acid (CLA)) as means of improving cardiovascular and inflammatory health. Sixty-eight overweight and obese subjects (BMI >= 27 and <40 kg/m(2)), with at least two risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a lipid panel blood tests, participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel designed study. The subjects consumed for 12 weeks: (1) 60 g/d control goat cheese and (2) 60 g/d goat cheese naturally enriched in n-3 PUFA and CLA. Diet and physical activity were assessed. Anthropometric and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) tests were performed. Blood samples were collected at the beginning and at the end of the study period. Changes in health status, lifestyle and dietary habits, and daily compliance were recorded. The consumption of a PUFA-enriched goat cheese significantly increased plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol, as well as in apolipoprotein B, and it significantly decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations compared to the control goat cheese (p < 0.05). The significant improvement of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory status of people with risk for CVD due to the consumption of PUFA-enriched cheese suggests a potential role of this dairy product as an alternative to develop high nutritional value food in a balanced diet comprising regular exercise.
Diets Higher in Dairy Foods and Dietary Protein Support Bone Health during Diet-and Exercise-Induced Weight Loss in Overweight and Obese Premenopausal Women; Context: Consolidation and maintenance of peak bone mass in young adulthood may be compromised by inactivity, low dietary calcium, and diet-induced weight loss.
Rationale, Design and Participants Baseline Characteristics of a Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial of the Effect of Replacing SSBs with NSBs versus Water on Glucose Tolerance, Gut Microbiome and Cardiometabolic Risk in Overweight or Obese Adult SSB Consumer: Strategies to Oppose SUGARS with Non-Nutritive Sweeteners or Water (STOP Sugars NOW) Trial and Ectopic Fat Sub-Study; Background: Health authorities are near universal in their recommendation to replace sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with water. Non-nutritive sweetened beverages (NSBs) are not as widely recommended as a replacement strategy due to a lack of established benefits and concerns they may induce glucose intolerance through changes in the gut microbiome. The STOP Sugars NOW trial aims to assess the effect of the substitution of NSBs (the "intended substitution") versus water (the "standard of care substitution") for SSBs on glucose tolerance and microbiota diversity. Design and Methods: The STOP Sugars NOW trial (NCT03543644) is a pragmatic, "head-to-head", open-label, crossover, randomized controlled trial conducted in an outpatient setting. Participants were overweight or obese adults with a high waist circumference who regularly consumed >= 1 SSBs daily. Each participant completed three 4-week treatment phases (usual SSBs, matched NSBs, or water) in random order, which were separated by >= 4-week washout. Blocked randomization was performed centrally by computer with allocation concealment. Outcome assessment was blinded; however, blinding of participants and trial personnel was not possible. The two primary outcomes are oral glucose tolerance (incremental area under the curve) and gut microbiota beta-diversity (weighted UniFrac distance). Secondary outcomes include related markers of adiposity and glucose and insulin regulation. Adherence was assessed by objective biomarkers of added sugars and non-nutritive sweeteners and self-report intake. A subset of participants was included in an Ectopic Fat sub-study in which the primary outcome is intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) by 1H-MRS. Analyses will be according to the intention to treat principle. Baseline results: Recruitment began on 1 June 2018, and the last participant completed the trial on 15 October 2020. We screened 1086 participants, of whom 80 were enrolled and randomized in the main trial and 32 of these were enrolled and randomized in the Ectopic Fat sub-study. The participants were predominantly middle-aged (mean age 41.8 +/- SD 13.0 y) and had obesity (BMI of 33.7 +/- 6.8 kg/m(2)) with a near equal ratio of female: male (51%:49%). The average baseline SSB intake was 1.9 servings/day. SSBs were replaced with matched NSB brands, sweetened with either a blend of aspartame and acesulfame-potassium (95%) or sucralose (5%). Conclusions: Baseline characteristics for both the main and Ectopic Fat sub-study meet our inclusion criteria and represent a group with overweight or obesity, with characteristics putting them at risk for type 2 diabetes. Findings will be published in peer-reviewed open-access medical journals and provide high-level evidence to inform clinical practice guidelines and public health policy for the use NSBs in sugars reduction strategies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT03543644.
Milk protein concentrate supplementation improved appetite, metabolic parameters, adipocytokines, and body composition in dieting women with obesity: a randomized controlled trial; Background Dairy consumption is associated with many health benefits. However, to our knowledge, no clinical trials examined the effects of milk protein concentrate (MPC) on metabolic health in overweight and obese adults. This study investigated the effect of supplementation with MPC on glycaemic status, lipid profile, biomarkers of inflammation, and anthropometric measurements in women with obesity under a weight loss diet. Methods This is a single-blind, open-labelled, parallel-group, randomized trial. Forty-four healthy women with obesity were randomized into a control (n = 22) or MPC (n = 22) group. Participants in the MPC group were supplemented with 30 g of MPC per day for 8 weeks. Both groups were on a calorie-restricted diet plan with 800 Kcal lower intakes than their needs. Blood samples, dietary intake, and body composition were assessed before and after the intervention. Results MPC group had a significantly lower body mass index (P = 0.009), waist circumference (P = 0.013), fat mass (P = 0.021), appetite score (P = 0.002), fasting blood sugar (P < 0.001), insulin (P = 0.027), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.025), and leptin (P = 0.014) levels and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P = 0.001) and adiponectin (P = 0.032) compared to the control group after supplementation. Lean body mass, total cholesterol, and triglyceride did not differ significantly (P > 0.05). Conclusion Daily intake of 30 g of MPC for 8 weeks may improve several anthropometric and metabolic markers in women with obesity under a hypocaloric diet.
Effects of Kefir Consumption on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background Fermentation of lactose in milk by bacteria and yeasts naturally present in kefir grains produces a beverage that has been suggested to have cardiovascular benefits. This systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) aimed to evaluate the effects of this kefir beverage on cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods Literature search utilised PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Google Scholar for articles published from inception until June 2021. Cardiometabolic risk indices extracted included insulin and insulin resistance (HOMA_IR), total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), fasting blood sugar (FBS), haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and body weight (BW). In total, six RCTs (314 subjects) were selected for the meta-analysis. Inverse-variance weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for the mean changes in TC, TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, FBS, HbA1c and BW compared to baseline. A random effects model was used to estimate the pooled WMD. Results Kefir intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (WMD: -3.69 micro-IU/mL,95% CI: -6.30 to -1.07, p = 0.006, I-2 = 0.0%) and HOMA-IR (WMD: -2.56, 95% CI: -3.82 to -1.30, p<0.001, I-2 = 19.4%). No effect on TC (p = 0.088), TG (p = 0.824), HDL-C (p = 0.491), LDL-C (p = 0.910), FBS (p = 0.267), HbA1c (p = 0.339) or body weight (p = 0.439) were found for kefir treatment. Conclusion Kefir has a beneficial effect in decreasing insulin resistance; however, no effect was seen on BW, FBS, HbA1C, and lipid profile.
A high dairy protein, high-calcium diet minimizes bone turnover in overweight adults during weight loss; Weight loss induces bone resorption and this can be attenuated by calcium supplementation. Protein-rich diets were recently associated with favorable effects on bone density, although this remains controversial. We hypothesized that a diet high in calcium and protein would minimize bone resorption during weight loss compared with a lower calcium, protein-rich diet. The effects of dietary calcium in high protein diets on calcium excretion and bone metabolism were examined in overweight adults (n = 50, BMI 33.4 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2)) during 12 wk of energy restriction followed by 4 wk of energy balance. Subjects were randomly assigned to isoenergetic diets (5.5 MJ/d, 34% energy from protein, 41% carbohydrate, 24% fat) high in either dairy protein (DP, 2400 mg Ca/d) or mixed protein sources (MP, 500 mg Ca/d). During energy restriction, weight loss was 10% (-9.7 +/- 3.8 kg, P < 0.01), and 24-h urinary calcium excretion decreased independently of diet (-1.09 +/- 0.23 mmol/d, P < 0.01). By wk 16, the MP diet group had a 40% greater increase in deoxypyridinoline (bone resorption marker) than the DP diet group (P = 0.008). Osteocalcin (bone formation marker) increased from wk 0 to 16 in only the MP diet group [+2.16 +/- 0.63 mug/L (+0.63 +/- 0.11 nmol/L), P = 0.001]. In conclusion, weight loss was associated with increased bone resorption, yet the DP diet had a modest advantage over the MP diet by minimizing overall turnover. Combined with reduced urinary calcium excretion, this suggests that a high-protein, calcium-replete diet may. protect against bone loss during weight reduction.
Effectiveness of milk kefir administration with the addition of sorghum flour against total cholesterol levels, and blood glucose levels in obesity-induced mice; Introduction: Someone who is overweight has the potential to experience complications from various diseases which become a heavy economic burden for the community. Dietary modification is considered as one of the strategies to prevent and handling obesity. It can be done by adjust the type, amount, frequency, processing methods, and schedule. Maintenance of intestinal microflora can be done by regulating food intake by consuming foods or drinks that have physiological functions for health. Synbiotics can control the number of good micro-flora in the digestive tract, thus providing health and therapeutic benefits. The aim of this study was to see the effectiveness of milk kefir plus sorghum flour on maintain the cholesterol and blood glucose levels of mice that have been fed a high-fat diet or induced obesity.Methods: This type of research design is true experimental in vivo using a randomized controlled pre-test-post-test control group design. Based on the test results using one way ANOVA statistical test which can be seen, it can be concluded that there are differences in blood glucose levels in the treatment group using the COD-PAP method with a p-value of 0,031.Results: According to ANOVA test, there are differences in total cholesterol levels in the treatment group using the CHOD-PAP method with a p-value of 0,000.Conclusion: There are differences in blood glucose and total cholesterol levels in mice fed kefir milk with the addition of sorghum flour.
Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; The association between dairy product consumption and cardiovascular health remains highly debated. We quantitatively synthesized prospective cohort evidence on the associations between dairy consumption and risk of hypertension (HTN), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science through August 1, 2020, to retrieve prospective cohort studies that reported on dairy consumption and risk of HTN, CHD, or stroke. We used random-effects models to calculate the pooled RR and 95% CI for the highest compared with the lowest category of intake and for a 1-serving/d increase in consumption. We rated the quality of evidence using NutriGrade. Fifty-five studies were included. Total dairy consumption was associated with a lower risk of HTN (RR for highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.86, 0.95, I-2 = 73.5%; RR for 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.94, 0.97, I-2 = 66.5%), CHD (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00, I-2 = 46.6%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.95, 1.00, I-2 = 56.7%), and stroke (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.85, 0.96, I-2 = 60.8%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.99, I-2 = 74.7%). Despite moderate to considerable heterogeneity, these associations remained consistent across multiple subgroups. Evidence on the relation between total dairy and risk of HTN and CHD was of moderate quality and of low quality for stroke. Low-fat dairy consumption was associated with lower risk of HTN and stroke and high-fat dairy with a lower risk of stroke. Milk, cheese, or yogurt consumption showed inconsistent associations with the cardiovascular outcomes in high compared with low intake and dose-response meta-analyses. Total dairy consumption was associated with a modestly lower risk of hypertension, CHD, and stroke. Moderate to considerable heterogeneity was observed in the estimates, and the overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
Dairy foods and body weight management; The existing data about the role of dairy foods in body weight management, as a physiological explanation are shown in this paper. There is accumulating evidence about inverse association between body weight and dairy intake. Research showed that obese individuals consume fewer dairies than normal weight people. Also three servings of dairy foods per day in a reduced calorie diet may help accelerate body fat loss when compared to a calorie-restricted diet low in dairy foods. Calcium plays the main role and is present in great amounts in dairy foods. Its anti-obesity effect is attributed to its impact on lypogenesis and lipolysis in adipocytes. Calcium supplements do not have such effect as dairy calcium, possibly due to the effects of other bioactive components in dairy foods such as conjugated linoleic acid, whey peptides, branched aminoacids and lactose which amplify anti-obesity effect. Cross-sectional epidemiological studies confirmed the hypothesis that high dairy food intake can act in a weight management, but prospective studies and randomized controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Therefore there is a need of conducting more large population-based clinical trials and meta-analysis.
Effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women; Introduction: This study aimed to determine the effect of cumin powder on body composition and lipid profile in overweight and obese women.
Calcium plus vitamin D<sub>3</sub> supplementation facilitated Fat loss in overweight and obese college students with very-low calcium consumption: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Recent evidence suggests that higher calcium and/ or vitamin D intake may be associated with lower body weight and better metabolic health. Due to contradictory findings from intervention trials, we investigated the effect of calcium plus vitamin D-3 (calcium+D) supplementation on anthropometric and metabolic profiles during energy restriction in healthy, overweight and obese adults with very-low calcium consumption.
Low dairy calcium intake is associated with overweight and elevated blood pressure in Polish adults, notably in premenopausal women; Objective: Dietary Ca is now being recognized to play an important role not only in skeletal integrity, but also in the regulation of energy and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to estimate the relationship of dairy Ca intake with BMI and blood pressure (BP) in a sample derived from the Polish population.
Full-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic health outcomes: Does the dairy-fat matrix matter?; Reducing dairy fat intake is a common dietary guideline to limit energy and saturated fatty acid intake for the promotion of cardiometabolic health. However, research utilizing a holistic, food-based approach to assess the consumption of the fat found in dairy, a broad and diverse food group, may provide new insight into these guidelines. Dairy fat is comprised of a diverse assembly of fatty acids, triacylglycerols, sterols, and phospholipids, all uniquely packaged in a milk fat globule. The physical structure of this milk fat globule and its membrane is modified through different processing methods, resulting in distinctive dairy-fat matrices across each dairy product. The objectives of this narrative review were to first define and compare the dairy-fat matrix in terms of its unique composition, physical structure, and fat content across common dairy products (cow's milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter). With this information, we examined observational studies and randomized controlled trials published within the last 10 years (2013-2023) to assess the individual effects of the dairy-fat matrix in milk, yogurt, cheese, and butter on cardiometabolic health and evaluate the implications for nutrition guidance. Searches conducted on Ovid MEDLINE and PubMed (R) utilizing search terms for cardiometabolic health, both broadly and regarding specific disease outcomes and risk factors, yielded 59 studies that were analyzed and included in this review. Importantly, this review stratifies by both dairy product and fat content. Though the results were heterogeneous, most studies reported no association between intake of these individual regular-fat dairy products and cardiometabolic outcome measures, thus, the current body of evidence suggests that regular-fat dairy product consumption may be incorporated within overall healthy eating patterns. Research suggests that there may be a beneficial effect of regular-fat milk and yogurt intake on outcome measures related to body weight and composition, and an effect of regular-fat cheese intake on outcome measures related to blood lipids, but more research is necessary to define the directionality of this relationship. Lastly, we identify methodological research gaps and propose future research directions to bolster the current evidence base available for ascertaining the role of dairy fat in a healthy diet.
The Effects of Dairy Product and Dairy Protein Intake on Inflammation: A Systematic Review of the Literature; Systemic inflammation is associated with obesity and chronic disease risk. Intake of dairy foods is associated with reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; however, the impact of dairy foods on inflammation is not well-established. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review to evaluate the effect of dairy product (milk, cheese, and yogurt) and dairy protein consumption on low-grade systemic inflammation in adults without severe inflammatory disorders. A literature search was completed in September 2019 using PubMed and CENTRAL as well as inspection of reference lists from relevant review articles. The search resulted in the identification of 27 randomized controlled trials which were included in this analysis. In the 19 trials which evaluated dairy products, 10 reported no effect of the intervention, while 8 reported a reduction in at least one biomarker of inflammation. All 8 trials that investigated dairy protein intake on markers of inflammation reported no effect of the intervention. The available literature suggests that dairy products and dairy proteins have neutral to beneficial effects on biomarkers of inflammation. Additional clinical studies designed using inflammatory biomarkers as the primary outcome are needed to fully elucidate the effects of dairy intake on inflammation.
Changes in Plasma, Urine, and Fecal Metabolome after 16 Weeks of Consuming Dairy With Different Food Matrixes - A Randomized Controlled Trial; ScopeUnderstanding the mode-of-action by which fermented dairy consumption influences health is of interest. The aim of this study is to elucidate the impact of the chemical-physical properties of the dairy matrix and postbiotic effects on the metabolomics response to fermented dairy consumption.Methods and resultsHundred males (Body Mass Index (BMI) 28.0-45.0 kg m-2, waist circumference >= 102 cm) are included in the study. During a 16-week intervention, the study subjects are instructed to consume 400 g per day of either 1) milk, 2) yogurt, 3) heat-treated yogurt, or 4) chemically acidified milk as part of their habitual diet. Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR)-based metabolomics is conducted on plasma, urine, and fecal samples collected before and after the intervention. Both consumption of acidified milk and heat-treated yogurt resulted in changes in the fecal metabolome including decreases in the level of amino acids (leucine, valine, and threonine), and the branched-chain fatty acid (BCFA) isobutyrate that indicated an altered protein putrefaction, and proteolytic metabolism in the gut. In the plasma metabolome, an increased citrate is found for yogurt consumption. No difference in the urine metabolome is found.ConclusionsOur metabolomics analyses indicate that consumption of heat-treated yogurt and acidified milk exerted similar effects on the metabolic activity in the gut as yogurt consumption.
The effects of kefir in mixed meals on appetite and food intake: a randomized cross-over trial; Objective
Effects of probiotic supplementation on the regulation of blood lipid levels in overweight or obese subjects: a meta-analysis; Background: Obesity is a risk factor for many deadly diseases. Meanwhile, the prevalence of obesity has been continuously increasing in many countries. Probiotics are defined as live microorganisms that confer health benefits on hosts. Probiotic supplementation could reduce body weight, body mass index (BMI) and fat percentage. However, it is unclear whether supplementation with probiotics is beneficial to lower blood lipid levels for obese or overweight people. Methods: In this study, a comprehensive search across multiple databases was performed to identify studies that focused on the effects of probiotics on blood lipid levels in overweight or obese subjects. The meta-analysis included studies that compared the variations in blood lipid (total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride (TG)) concentrations between overweight and obese subjects who were supplemented with probiotics versus the controls who were not supplemented with probiotics. Results: Our findings indicated that probiotic supplementation in obese or overweight people was associated with significantly larger reductions in TC and LDL levels compared to a lack of probiotic supplementation in the control subjects. However, there was no significant difference in the variations between HDL and TG concentrations. Conclusion: Probiotic supplementation reduced TC and LDL concentrations in obese or overweight people. Additional data from large clinical trials are required to confirm the efficacy and safety of probiotics in the regulation of blood lipid levels in obese or overweight people.
Inulin-type fructans and whey protein both modulate appetite but only fructans alter gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity: A randomized controlled trial; Scope: Independently, prebiotics and dietary protein have been shown to improve weight loss and/or alter appetite. Our objective was to determine the effect of combined prebiotic and whey protein on appetite, body composition and gut microbiota in adults with overweight/obesity.
Probiotics have minimal effects on appetite-related hormones in overweight or obese individuals: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Background & aims: Overweight and obese individuals show changes in mechanisms related to appetite due to several factors, including excess fat and gut microbiota imbalance. Probiotics have been presented as a strategy for modulating gut microbiota and regulating these mechanisms. The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effects of probiotics on appetite-related hormones in overweight or obese individuals.
Effect of high in comparison to low dairy intake intervention on markers of bone and cartilage remodeling and phosphate metabolism in healthy adults with overweight; Background In the ageing population, issues with bone and joint health are highly prevalent. Both beneficial and potential risks of dairy products on bone and joint health are reported in epidemiological studies. Furthermore, the phosphorus (P) load from dairy could potentially lead to unfavorable changes in P metabolism.Objective To investigate the effect of dairy intake on markers of bone and joint metabolism and P metabolism in an intervention study with high and low dairy intake.Methods In a post hoc analysis of a randomized cross-over trial with overweight adults, the effect of a standardized high dairy intake [HDI (5-6 dairy portions per day) versus low dairy intake (LDI, <= 1 dairy portion/day)] for 6 weeks on markers of bone and joint health was assessed using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and electrochemiluminescence immunoassays. Markers indicative for cartilage breakdown, including urinary CTX-II, serum COMP and 4-hydroxyproline, and markers indicative for bone remodeling, such as serum CTX-I, PTH, 25(OH)D, osteocalcin, P1NP and FGF23, were investigated using linear mixed models. Furthermore, changes in P metabolism, including the main phosphate-regulating hormone FGF23 were explored.Results This study was completed by 46 adults (57% female, age 59 +/- 4 years, BMI 28 +/- 2 kg/m(2)). Following HDI, markers such as urinary CTX-II excretion, COMP, 25(OH)D, PTH and CTX-I were significantly lower after HDI, as compared to LDI. For example, CTX-II excretion was 1688 ng/24 h at HDI, while it was 2050 ng/24 h at LDI (p < 0.001). Concurrently, P intake was higher at HDI than at LDI (2090 vs 1313 mg/day, p < 0.001). While plasma P levels did not differ (1.03 vs 1.04 mmol/L in LDI, p = 0.36), urinary P excretion was higher at HDI than at LDI (31 vs 28 mmol/L, p = 0.04). FGF23 levels tended to be higher at HDI than at LDI (76.3 vs. 72.9 RU/mL, p = 0.07).Conclusions HDI, as compared to LDI, reduced markers that are indicative for joint and bone resorption and bone turnover. No changes in P metabolism were observed.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in a Clinical Sample of Overweight Adults; Background Dietary pattern analysis provides important evidence revealing diet-disease relationships. It may be especially useful in areas less well researched, such as diet and hypertension in clinical populations.
Impact of probiotics on weight loss, glucose and lipid metabolism in overweight or obese women: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Our meta-analysis aimed to assess the effectiveness of probiotics in weight loss and glucose and lipid metabolism in overweight or obese women. PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were used from inception until March 2024 to identify randomized controlled trials (RCT's) literature. Finally, 11 RCTs were included. Following critical appraisal, a meta-analysis was conducted using the fixed effects model and the random effects model found that probiotic consumption significantly decreased waist circumference (WC) (SMD = -0.39 cm, 95% CI: -0.60, -0.18 cm, P < 0.00001, I-2 = 33%), insulin (SMD = -0.45 mcU/ml; 95% CI: -0.72, -0.18 mcU/ml; P = 0.04, I-2 = 40%) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels (SMD = -0.51 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0.92, -0.11 mmol/L; P = 0.02, I-2 = 75%) in overweight or obese women. Moreover, subgroup analyses revealed that the effects of probiotic supplementation were significantly influenced by the intervention duration and diet and/or exercise intervention. This meta-analysis suggested that probiotic supplementation has a moderate and statistically significant effect on weight loss and glucose and lipid metabolism in overweight and obese women.
Role of single serving form of dairy on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in young and older healthy adults; Dairy proteins reduce appetite and improve postprandial glycaemic response in adults. However, there are no reports of dairy in amounts usually consumed on satiety and postprandial glycaemia in either young or older adults. In a randomized crossover design, 30 healthy young adults (age: 23.5 +/- 0.5 years; body mass index (BMI): 21.8 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) and 30 healthy/overweight older adults (age: 65.2 +/- 0.5 years; BMI: 24.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)) consumed 1 serving (according to manufacturers' labels) of skim milk (0.1% milk fat (MF)), whole milk (3.25% MF), plain Greek yogurt (2% MF), cheddar cheese (31% MF), and water (energy-free control) after a 12-h fast. Subjective appetite was measured every 15-30 min over 3 h. Blood glucose and insulin were measured at baseline and every 15-30 min over 2 h. All dairy treatments reduced post-treatment subjective appetite area under the curve (AUC) over 3 h by 8%-17% more than water. Greek yogurt reduced appetite 3-h AUC more than skim and whole milk by 9% and 7%, respectively (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment blood glucose 2-h AUC was 42% lower in young compared with older adults (p = 0.003). It was also 52%-78% lower after cheese compared with milks and yogurt (p < 0.0001). Post-treatment insulin AUC after cheese was only 10%-15% of that after milks and Greek yogurt (p < 0.0001). We conclude that single servings of dairy differ in effect on postprandial satiety and glycaemia and merit consideration in management of metabolic syndrome.
The Chronic Effects of Whey Proteins on Blood Pressure, Vascular Function, and Inflammatory Markers in Overweight Individuals; Limited evidence suggests that dairy whey protein may be the major dairy component that is responsible for health benefits currently associated with increased dairy consumption. Whey proteins may reduce blood pressure and improve cardiovascular health. This study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers compared to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals. The subjects were randomized to either whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. In all, 70 men and women with a mean (+/- s.e.m.) BMI (kg/m(2)) of 31.3 +/- 0.8 completed the study. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly at week 6 compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups, (P = 0.028 and P = 0.020, respectively) and at week 12 (P = 0.020, and P = 0.017, respectively). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.038 and P = 0.042, respectively) at week 12. DBP decreased significantly in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.025, P = 0.038, respectively) at week 12 compared to the control group. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly lower from baseline at 12 weeks (P = 0.021) in the whey group. AI decreased significantly in the whey group at 12 weeks compared to control (P = 0.006) and casein (P = 0.006). There were no significant changes in inflammatory markers within or between groups. This study demonstrated that supplementation with whey protein improves blood pressure and vascular function in overweight and obese individuals.
The Omega-3 Index Response to an 8 Week Randomized Intervention Containing Three Fatty Fish Meals Per Week Is Influenced by Adiposity in Overweight to Obese Women; Background: The Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommends consuming similar to 225 g/wk of a variety of seafood providing > 1.75 g/wk of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, however individual responses to treatment vary. Objective: This study had three main objectives. First, to determine if a DGA-conforming diet (DGAD), in comparison to a typical American diet (TAD), can increase the omega-3 index (OM3I), i.e., the red blood cell mol% of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Second, to identify factors explaining variability in the OM3I response to dietary treatment. Third to identify factors associated with the baseline OM3I. Design: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized, double-blind 8 wk dietary intervention of overweight/obese women fed an 8d rotating TAD (n = 20) or DGAD (n = 22) registered at as NCT02298725. The DGAD-group consumed 240 g/wk of Atlantic farmed salmon and albacore tuna in three meals with an estimated EPA + DHA of 3.7 +/- 0.6 g/wk. The TAD-group consumed similar to 160 g/wk of farmed white shrimp and a seafood salad containing imitation crab in three meal with an estimated EPA + DHA of 0.45 +/- 0.05 g/wk. Habitual diet was determined at baseline, and body composition was determined at 0 and 8wks. Red blood cell fatty acids were measured at 0, 2 and 8 wk. Results: At 8 wk, the TAD-group OM3I was unchanged (5.90 +/- 1.35-5.80 +/- 0.76%), while the DGAD-group OM3I increased (5.63 +/- 1.27-7.33 +/- 1.36%; p < 0.001). In the DGAD-group 9 of 22 participants achieved an OM3I > 8%. Together, body composition and the baseline OM3I explained 83% of the response to treatment variability. Baseline OM3I (5.8 +/- 1.3%; n = 42) was negatively correlated to the android fat mass (p = 0.0007) and positively correlated to the FFQ estimated habitual (EPA+DHA) when expressed as a ratio to total dietary fat (p = 0.006). Conclusions:An 8 wk TAD did not change the OM3I of similar to 6%, while a DGAD with 240 g/wk of salmon and albacore tuna increased the OM3I. Body fat distribution and basal omega-3 status are primary factors influencing the OM3I response to dietary intake in overweight/obese women.
Adopting a Mediterranean-Style Eating Pattern with Different Amounts of Lean Unprocessed Red Meat Does Not Influence Short-Term Subjective Personal Well-Being in Adults who Are Overweight or Obese; Background: Reducing red meat intake is commonly recommended. Limited observational studies suggest that healthy eating patterns with red meat are associated with improved quality of life.
Milk-Fat Intake and Differences in Abdominal Adiposity and BMI: Evidence Based on 13,544 Randomly-Selected Adults; The primary purpose of this investigation was to evaluate the relationship between milk-fat intake and obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, in 13,544 U.S. adults. A lesser objective was to measure the degree to which the association was influenced by multiple potential confounding variables. This cross-sectional study used data from the 2011-2016 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Quantity of milk-fat regularly consumed was the exposure variable. Sagittal abdominal diameter (SAD), a measure of abdominal obesity, and body mass index (BMI) were the outcome variables. Sagittal abdominal diameter is a strong predictor of visceral abdominal fat, when measured by computed tomography, and has been shown to predict cardiometabolic disorders better than BMI. After controlling for age, race, gender, physical activity, leisure computer use and gaming, alcohol habits, and cigarette use, significantly lower BMIs were associated with consistent non-fat and full-fat milk consumption (F = 4.1, p = 0.0063). A significantly lower SAD was associated only with regular consumption of non-fat milk (F = 5.0, p = 0.0019). No significant differences were detected between the other milk-fat groups or milk abstainers. In this nationally representative sample, only 19.6% of adults regularly consumed low-fat milk. In conclusion, consistent non-fat milk intake was predictive of lower levels of abdominal adiposity compared to consumption of higher levels of milk-fat.
Dairy and industrial sources of <i>trans</i> fat do not impair peripheral insulin sensitivity in overweight women; Background: The 2 major dietary sources of trans fatty acids (TFAs) are partially hydrogenated oils and ruminant-derived products. Epidemiologic data suggest that chronic consumption of industrial sources of TFAs could be damaging to insulin sensitivity, but intervention studies on this issue have remained inconclusive.
Differential effects of dairy snacks on appetite, but not overall energy intake; Dietary regulation of appetite may contribute to the prevention and management of excess body weight. The present study examined the effect of consumption of individual dairy products as snacks on appetite and subsequent ad libitum lunch energy intake. In a randomised cross-over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (SD 9) years; BMI 27 (SD 2) kg/m(2)) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic (841 kJ) and isovolumetric (410 ml) servings of dairy snacks or water (control) 120 min after breakfast. Appetite profile was determined throughout the morning and ad libitum energy intake was assessed 90 min after the intake of snacks. Concentrations of amino acids, glucose, insulin, ghrelin and peptide tyrosine tyrosine were measured at baseline (0 min) and 80 min after the intake of snacks. Although the results showed that yogurt had the greatest suppressive effect on appetite, this could be confounded by the poor sensory ratings of yogurt. Hunger rating was 8, 10 and 24% (P<0.001) lower after the intake of yogurt than cheese, milk and water, respectively. Energy intake was 11, 9 and 12% (P<0.02) lower after the intake of yogurt, cheese and milk, respectively, compared with water (4312 (SE 226) kJ). Although there was no difference in the postprandial responses of hormones, alanine and isoleucine concentrations were higher after the intake of yogurt than cheese and milk (P<0.05). In conclusion, all dairy snacks reduced appetite and lunch intake compared with water. Yogurt had the greatest effect on suppressing subjective appetite ratings, but did not affect subsequent food intake compared with milk or cheese.
Role of Calcium and Low-Fat Dairy Foods in Weight-Loss Outcomes Revisited: Results from the Randomized Trial of Effects on Bone and Body Composition in Overweight/Obese Postmenopausal Women; Several studies have investigated the possibility of dairy foods and calcium (Ca) mediating weight and body composition, but a consensus has not been reached. We aimed to investigate weight-loss-related outcomes during intervention with low-fat dairy foods or Ca + vitamin D supplements, both as complements to hypocaloric diets. Overweight/obese Caucasian, early-postmenopausal women (n = 135) were recruited for a 6 month energy-restricted weight loss study complemented with either low-fat dairy foods (D; 4-5 servings/day), or Ca + vitamin D supplements (S); both to amount a total of similar to 1500 mg/day and 600 IU/day of Ca and vitamin D, respectively, or placebo pills (C). Bone mineral density (BMD) and lean and fat tissue were measured by Lunar iDXA. Serum and urinary markers of bone turnover were analyzed. Diet and physical activity were assessed with 3-day records. Participants on average lost similar to 4%, similar to 3%, and similar to 2% of body weight, fat, and lean tissue, respectively. The significantly better outcomes were noticed in participants in the D group regarding body composition (fat loss/lean tissue preservation) and in participants in the S group regarding the BMD outcomes, compared to those in the C group. Therefore, increasing low-fat dairy foods to 4-5 servings/day and/or increasing Ca & vitamin D intake by supplements (in those who are at the borderline dietary intake) may be beneficial for weight loss/maintenance and may lead to more favorable bone and body composition outcomes in postmenopausal women during moderate weight loss.
Red palm olein supplementation on cytokines, endothelial function and lipid profile in centrally overweight individuals: a randomised controlled trial; Background/objectives The consumption of antioxidant-rich cooking oil such as red palm olein may be cardioprotective from the perspective of subclinical inflammation and endothelial function.
The Effects of Fermented Rice Drink With <i>Lactiplantibacillus plantarum</i> JSA22 in Overweight Irritable Bowel Syndrome Patients: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study; Background/Aims This study aims to investigate the effect of a fermented rice drink with Lactiplantibacillus plantarum JSA22 on symptoms, blood tests, microbiomes, and fecal metabolites in patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) who were overweight. Methods Sixty overweight (body mass index >= 23 kg/m(2)) patients aged between 20 and 65 with IBS were enrolled. Patients were divided into 2 groups and administered either a fermented rice drink or an nonfermented rice drink for a month. The symptom questionnaire, blood samples, and stool samples for microbiome and metabolite were collected before and after the month of rice drink administration. The primary efficacy variable was the subject's global assessment of IBS symptoms. Results In both groups, global IBS symptoms, including abdominal pain, bowel habit, urgency, and abdominal distension, improved significantly (P < 0.01). The abdominal bloating was more significantly improved in the fermented rice drink group than in the nonfermented rice drink group (P < 0.05). Significant changes were not observed in metabolic syndrome -related blood tests or fecal metabolites in either group. However, microbiome analysis showed significant differences in genus levels before and after consuming fermented rice drink, such as in Blautia in stool (P = 0.020) and Prevotella (P = 0.017) and Oribacterium (P = 0.018) in saliva. Conclusions The fermented rice drink with L. plantarum JSA22 showed a beneficial effect in reducing abdominal distension in IBS patients. Bacteria that reduce visceral fat accumulation increased in the stool and saliva of patients who consumed fermented rice drinks. (J Neurogastroenterol Motil 2024;30:194-207)
General and abdominal obesity and dietary nutrient intake among university students in Bangladesh: A cross-sectional study targeting potential risk factors; Background & aims: The overall national increase in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has emerged among university students in Bangladesh. Though, poor dietary habits and lifestyle is quite common among university students, their dietary nutrient intake level, obesity prevalence and potential risk factors has hitherto given little priority. This study aimed to understand the prevalence and factors associated with general and abdominal obesity and level of dietary nutrient intake among university students in Bangladesh.
Effects of Calcium Supplementation on Body Weight and Adiposity in Overweight and Obese Adults A Randomized Trial; Background: Some data suggest that increasing calcium intake may help prevent weight gain.
Dairy Intake and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease; Purpose of Review Due to inconsistent findings on dairy consumption and CVD and all-cause mortality, we performed a narrative literature review to the current literature on dairy and its association with CVD. Recent Findings Due to their complex biochemistry, dairy consumption is a rather heterogeneous exposure. Multiple pathways have been proposed from dairy consumption and CVD. Current guidelines advocate for consumption of low-fat dairy products particularly milk, cheese, and yogurt, although the evidence for this is scant. Randomized clinical trials and large prospective studies on lipid-related cardiometabolic disease risk factors are consistent with results from most meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which suggest null or inverse relationship between CVD risk and mortality with dairy consumption although there is no clear dose response relationship. Most of current evidence suggests that dairy products are neutral or positive effect on human cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> ssp lactis GCL2505 on visceral fat accumulation in healthy Japanese adults: a randomized controlled trial; Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis GCL2505 (B. lactis GCL2505) is able to survive passage through the intestine and then proliferate, leading to an increase in the amount of gut bifidobacteria. In the present study, we evaluated the impact of B. lactis GCL2505 on abdominal visceral fat storage in overweight and mildly obese Japanese adults. This clinical study was a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group comparative trial performed for 12 weeks. Healthy Japanese subjects (N = 137) with body mass indices ranging from 23 to 30 kg/m(2) consumed either fermented milk containing B. lactis GCL2505 or a placebo every day, and then visceral and subcutaneous abdominal fat areas were measured by computed tomography as the primary endpoints. The number of fecal bifidobacteria was also measured. Visceral fat area, but not subcutaneous fat area, was significantly reduced from baseline at 8 and 12 weeks in the GCL2505 group, compared with the placebo group. The total number of fecal bifidobacteria was significantly increased in the GCL2505 group. These results indicate that B. lactis GCL2505 reduces abdominal visceral fat, a key factor associated with metabolic disorders. This finding suggests that this probiotic strain can potentially serve as a specific functional food to achieve visceral fat reduction in overweight or mildly obese individuals.
Dietary fat type influences total milk fat content in lean women; Trans fatty acids (TFA) are found naturally in some foods (e.g., dairy products) as well as many processed foods made with partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO). Data from a growing literature suggest that some TFA decrease milk fat in lactating animals. Because the physiologic effects of TFA in lactating women are unknown, this study was designed to investigate the effects of TFA consumption on human milk fat. A randomized, crossover design (n = 12) was used to study the effect of 3 dietary treatments: high PHVO (regular margarine), low PHVO (low TFA margarine), or low PHVO but high in naturally occurring TFA (butter) on milk fat. Treatments were administered for 5 cl, with 7-d washout periods. Maternal adiposity was estimated by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Milk and blood were collected on d 5 of each intervention period. In general, milk and serum fatty acid concentrations mirrored those of the dietary treatments. There were significant interactions between treatment and maternal adiposity on milk fat and infant milk consumption, as well as on serum glucose and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations. Consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, resulted in lower milk fat in leaner, but not in more obese women. Consumption of either regular or low TFA margarine, compared with butter, elevated serum NEFA concentrations in the more obese women. In summary, consumption of regular margarine, compared with low TFA margarine, decreased milk fat in lean women. Further studies are required to determine whether infant milk consumption might compensate for this potentially important change in milk composition.
Effect of protein and methionine intakes on plasma homocysteine concentrations: a 6-mo randomized controlled trial in overweight subjects; Background: A high plasma homocysteine concentration is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Homocysteine concentrations are thought to be raised by high protein and methionine intakes.
Ingesting Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> OLL2712 Reduces Abdominal Fat Accumulation and Chronic Inflammation in Overweight Adults in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Chronic inflammation and insulin resistance are factors that are related to obesity. We have suggested that the administration of heat-treated Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 (OLL2712) cells can improve glucose and lipid metabolism by suppressing chronic inflammation in mouse models and a preliminary clinical study.
Effect of forage type and season on Norwegian dairy goat milk production and quality; Goat milk quality produced by goats grazing on rangeland may have inferior quality with low content of solids and high content of free fatty acids (FFA). The main objective of this experiment was to test the effect of grazing woodland or cultivated pasture on dairy goat milk production and quality in early (EGS) and late (LGS) grazing seasons. Two different hay qualities (high and low quality) were used as control feeds. Eighty Norwegian dairy goats were grouped according to genotype and lactation number and randomly divided into two groups with approximately 8 weeks difference in kidding date. The EGS and LGS feeding experiments had 8 weeks departure in time, when the goats in the two kidding groups were in the same stage of lactation, on average 132 (SD 11.5) days in milk. The goats in each group were randomly allocated to four forage treatment groups: WR, woodland rangeland; PC, cultivated pasture; HH, high quality hay; HL, low quality hay. Goats on WR yielded less milk (1.58 vs. 2.15 kg/d, P < 0.001) but with higher milk fat (47.7 vs. 37.6 g/kg, P < 0.01) and total solids content (122 vs. 114g/kg, P < 0.05) than goats on PC. Milk FFA content was not affected (P > 0.1) by pasture type. The effects of pasture type on milk yield and milk gross composition were similar in EGS and LGS, but milk yield (2.44 vs. 1.36 kg/d, P < 0.001) and milk content of FFA (0.35 vs. 0.23 mEq/L, P < 0.05) were higher in EGS than LGS. Grazing resulted in similar milk yield but higher milk fat (42.6 vs. 34.8 g/kg, P < 0.001), protein (323 vs. 29.6 g/kg, P < 0.001) and total solids (118 vs. 107 g/kg, P < 0.001) content and tended to yield lower content of FFA (0.23 vs. 0.34 mEq/L, P = 0.068) than hay diet. The milk from the goats on WR had lower (P < 0.05) proportion of medium-chain fatty acids (FA), C10:0-C14:0 and C18:2c9t11, but higher (P < 0.05) proportion of C18:0, C18:2c9,12 and C20:0 than on PC. Grazing compared to hay feeding resulted in milk with lower proportion of medium-chained FAs (C12:0-C14:0) and C16:0 and higher proportion of the long-chained FAs C18:0, C18:1t11, C18:2c9,t11, C18:3c9,12,15, C20:0 than hay feeding. The milk proportion of the short- and medium-chained FAs (C6:0-C14:0) and C16:0 was higher (P < 0.0001) in LGS than in EGS, whilst the proportion of long chained FAs (C18:0, C18:1c9, C18:1t11, C18:2c9,12, C18:2c9t11 and C18:3c9,12,15) were lower (P < 0.001). In conclusion, woodland rangeland yielded less milk than cultivated pasture but milk gross composition and content of FFA were not altered. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of feeding betaine-containing liquid supplement to transition dairy cows; Betaine is a natural compound found in sugar beets that serves as a methyl donor and organic osmolyte when fed to animals. The objective was to evaluate the effect of feeding betaine-containing molasses on performance of transition dairy cows during late summer in 2 trials. In early September, cows were randomly assigned to betaine (BET) or control (CON) groups either shortly after dry off (trial 1; n = 10 per treatment) or 24 d before calving (trial 2; n = 8 per treatment) based on parity and previous mature equivalent milk yield. Cows were fed common diets supplemented either with a liquid supplement made of molasses from sugar cane and condensed beet solubles containing betaine [BET, 89.1 g/kg of dry matter (DM)] or a sugar cane molasses-based liquid supplement without betaine (CON) until 8 wk postpartum. The liquid supplements had similar nutrient contents and were fed at a rate of 1.1 and 1.4 kg DM/d for pre- and postpartum cows, respectively, Starting at their entry in the studies, cows were housed in the same freestall barn without a cooling system. After calving, all cows were housed in the same barn cooled by misters and fans and milked thrice daily. Intake was recorded daily and body weight and body condition score were assessed every 2 wk. Milk yield was recorded at each milking and composition was analyzed weekly. Blood samples were collected weekly from a subset of cows to assess concentrations of metabolites and AA. No treatment effects were apparent for DM intake and body weight in the prepartum and postpartum periods. For cows enrolled at dry off, BET supported higher milk yield (45.1 vs. 41.9 kg/d) and fat content (4.78 vs. 4.34%) and elevated plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate in early lactation compared to CON. However, no differences were observed for milk yield, most milk component contents and yields, and blood metabolites between treatments for cows enrolled during the close-up period. Compared to cows in the CON group, BET cows enrolled during the far-off period tended to have lower plasma concentrations of Met, Thr, and Trp during the pre- and postpartum periods. They also had lower plasma concentrations of Lys and Phe before calving but higher plasma Gly concentration after parturition. In conclusion, feeding a betaine-containing liquid supplement from far-off through early lactation improves lactation performance but increases adipose tissue mobilization and production of ketone bodies in early lactation.
Consumption of a high-fat meal containing cheese compared with a vegan alternative lowers postprandial C-reactive protein in overweight and obese individuals with metabolic abnormalities: a randomised controlled cross-over study; Dietary recommendations suggest decreased consumption of SFA to minimise CVD risk; however, not all foods rich in SFA are equivalent. To evaluate the effects of SFA in a dairy food matrix, as Cheddar cheese, v. SFA from a vegan-alternative test meal on postprandial inflammatory markers, a randomised controlled cross-over trial was conducted in twenty overweight or obese adults with metabolic abnormalities. Individuals consumed two isoenergetic highfat mixed meals separated by a 1-to 2-week washout period. Serum was collected at baseline, and at 1, 3 and 6 h postprandially and analysed for inflammatory markers (IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-17, IL-18, TNF alpha, monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1)), acute-phase proteins C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid-A (SAA), cellular adhesion molecules and blood lipids, glucose and insulin. Following both high-fat test meals, postprandial TAG concentrations rose steadily (P < 0 . 05) without a decrease by 6 h. The incremental AUC (iAUC) for CRP was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in response to the cheese compared with the vegan-alternative test meal. A treatment effect was not observed for any other inflammatory markers; however, for both test meals, multiple markers significantly changed from baseline over the 6 h postprandial period (IL-6, IL-8, IL-18, TNF alpha, MCP-1, SAA). Saturated fat in the form of a cheese matrix reduced the iAUC for CRP compared with a vegan-alternative test meal during the postprandial 6 h period. The study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov under NCT01803633.
Consumption of kefir made with traditional microorganisms resulted in greater improvements in LDL cholesterol and plasma markers of inflammation in males when compared to a commercial kefir: a randomized pilot study; Kefir has long been associated with health benefits; however, recent evidence suggests that these benefits are dependent on the specific microbial composition of the kefir consumed. This study aimed to compare how consumption of a commercial kefir without traditional kefir organisms and a pitched kefir containing traditional organisms affected plasma lipid levels, glucose homeostasis, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in males with elevated LDL cholesterol. We uti-lized a crossover design in n = 21 participants consisting of two treatments of 4 weeks each in random order separated by a 4-week washout. Participants received either commercial kefir or pitched kefir containing traditional kefir organisms for each treatment period. Participants consumed 2 servings of kefir (350 g) per day. Plasma lipid profile, glucose, insulin, markers of endothelial function, and inflammation were measured in the fasting state before and after each treatment period. Differences within each treatment period and comparison of treatment delta values were performed using paired t tests and Wilcoxon signed-rank test, respectively. When compared to baseline, pitched kefir consumption reduced LDL-C, ICAM-1, and VCAM-1, while commercial kefir consumption increased TNF-& alpha;. Pitched kefir consumption resulted in greater reductions in IL-8, CRP, VCAM-1, and TNF-& alpha; when compared to commercial kefir consumption. These findings provide strong evidence that microbial composition is an important factor in the metabolic health benefits associated with kefir consumption. They also provide sup-port for larger studies examining these to assess whether traditional kefir organisms are necessary to confer health benefits to individuals at risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Association of dairy products consumption with risk of obesity in children and adults: a meta-analysis of mainly cross-sectional studies; Purpose: The association of dairy products consumption with risk of obesity remains controversial. Therefore, we reviewed and quantitatively synthesized the evidence from observational studies with a meta-analysis.
The effect of UHT-processed dairy milk on cardio-metabolic risk factors; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a major cause of death worldwide. Whereas dairy generally is associated with a neutral or a beneficial CVD effect, the consumption of ultra-high temperature (UHT)-treated milk has been reported to increase levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in an uncontrolled study. Our aim was to examine whether semi-skimmed UHT dairy milk increases the risk of CVD development compared with pasteurized (PAST) dairy milk in overweight healthy adults.
Environmental organic pollutants in human milk before and after weight loss; Many persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are banned because they accumulate in organisms and are toxic. Lipophilic POPs are stored in maternal adipose tissue and concentrations in human milk (HM) may increase during weight loss. Our aim was to examine associations between weight loss and concentrations of chlorinated POPs in HM in lactating women participating in a weight loss study. We analysed POPs (PCB 28, PCB 153, HCB, DDE) in HM at 12 and 24 weeks postpartum from 32 women who participated in a randomized, 2 x 2 factorial trial of diet and exercise for postpartum weight loss. Participants donated milk before and after the intervention period. We examined associations between weight loss and change in POP concentrations and estimated the intake of POPs by their breastfed infants. Most (n = 27) women lost weight during intervention, 0.45 +/- 0.30 kg/week (mean +/- SD). Among these women, the concentration of PCB 153 in HM was significantly (p = 0.04) higher at follow-up than at baseline. Weight loss was significantly positively associated with changes in concentrations of all studied POPs (2.0-2.4% increase per percent weight loss). Estimated mean intakes of POPs (ng/day) remained stable because infant milk consumption decreased during the study period. As infants gained weight, estimated mean intakes per kg body weight decreased 17-22%. Changes in concentrations of POPs in HM correlated positively with maternal weight loss, but it is unlikely that the balance between the benefits and risks of breastfeeding will change if the weight loss is restricted to 0.5 kg per week. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consumption of different soymilk formulations differentially affects the gut microbiomes of overweight and obese men; The effects of consuming foods on the intestinal microbiome of obese individuals remain unclear. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of consuming low glycinin soymilk (LGS, 49.5% beta-conglycinin/6% glycinin), conventional soymilk (S, 26.5% beta-conglycinin/38.7% glycinin) or bovine milk (M, 0% beta-conglycinin/0% glycinin) on the intestinal microbiome in overweight and obese men. In a randomized double-blind study, participants (64 men, BMI > 25, 20-45 y old), organized in three groups, consumed 500 mL of LGS, S or M daily for 3 mo. Three fecal samples were collected before (baseline) and after 3 mo of consumption. Dietary energy and macronutrient intake were monitored monthly and remained constant throughout the study (p > 0.05). Microbial composition was analyzed with qPCR and bTEFAP. Within groups, qPC R analysis showed that the total bacteria increased in all treatments over time (p < 0.001). Bacteroides-Prevotella (p = 0.001) and Lactobacillus (p < 0.001) increased in LGS and M, respectively. Bifidobacterium was significantly reduced in LGS (p = 0.003) and S (p < 0.001). Bacterial diversity decreased for LGS, S and M (p = 0.004, 0.005, 0.001; respectively). Unweighted UniFrac analysis revealed that the microbial communities were more similar within than between individuals. The Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio decreased in both LGS and S groups and remained relatively unchanged in the M group (Time p = 0.012; Interaction p = 0.059). Indicator analysis revealed several genera that were indicative of each treatment including Lactobacillus and Prevotella. Consumption of the three beverages differentially altered the microbiota in overweight and obese men including a potentially beneficial alteration of the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio in both soymilk groups.
A dairy-based, protein-rich breakfast enhances satiety and cognitive concentration before lunch in overweight to obese young females: A randomized controlled crossover study; The purpose of this study was to investigate if consumption of a high -protein, low -carbohydrate breakfast (PRO) leads to a lower subsequent ad libitum energy intake at lunch and the rest of the day compared with ingestion of an isocaloric low -protein, high -carbohydrate breakfast (CHO) or no breakfast (CON). The study was designed as a randomized controlled 3 -period crossover study. Thirty young (18-30 yr) females with overweight to obesity (body mass index >25 kg/m(2) ) in random order completed 3 separate experimental days where they consumed either a PRO, CHO, or CON breakfast test meal followed by an ad libitum lunch meal 3 h after breakfast. Participants were allocated to a sequence group by their inclusion number. The PRO and CHO breakfasts were matched in dietary fiber and fat content. Energy intake at lunch was calculated and dietary records were obtained for the rest of the day to calculate the total daily energy intake and macronutrient intake. Ratings of appetite sensations between meals and palatability of the test meals were assessed using visual analog scale sheets in intervals ranging from 10 to 30 min. In addition, blood samples were obtained at multiple time points separated by 10 to 60 min intervals between breakfast and lunch and were analyzed for appetite -regulating gut hormones, insulin, and glucose. Finally, performance in a cognitive concentration test was tested 150 min after breakfast. Compared with CHO and CON, the area under the curves for satiety, fullness, and satisfaction in the 3 h after breakfast were significantly higher after PRO, whereas the areas under the curve for hunger, desire to eat, and prospective eating were significantly lower after PRO. The appetite -regulating gut hormones cholecystokinin, glucagon-like peptide -1, and ghrelin in the hours after breakfast, energy intake during the ad libitum lunch meal, and the total daily energy intake did not differ significantly between PRO, CHO, and CON. However, the cognitive concentration test score was 3.5 percentage points higher for PRO, but not CHO, versus CON. A dairy-based high -protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast increased satiety sensation in the hours after breakfast but did not reduce total daily energy intake compared with an isocaloric low -protein, high -carbohydrate breakfast or omitting breakfast. However, performance in a cognitive concentration test before lunch was enhanced after the high-protein, low-carbohydrate breakfast, but not the low -protein, high-carbohydrate breakfast, compared with omitting breakfast.
Elevated dairy fat intake in lactating women alters milk lipid and fatty acids without detectible changes in expression of genes related to lipid uptake or synthesis; Previous work has demonstrated that elevated maternal lipid intake (particularly from dairy products) is associated with increased lipids and altered fatty acid profile in milk produced by healthy lactating women. To investigate our primary hypothesis that a maternal diet rich in full-fat dairy products would simultaneously increase milk lipid percent and expression of genes related to the uptake and/or de novo biosynthesis of milk lipids, we provided 15 lactating women with diets enriched in full-fat or nonfat dairy products for 14 days each in a randomized, crossover study with a 2-week washout period. Milk fat (%) was lower when women consumed the low-fat compared with the full-fat dairy diet (2.41% +/- 0.31% vs 3.35% +/- 0.28%, respectively; P < .05); concentrations of more than 20 fatty acids also differed. However, neither conservatively evaluated microarray data nor quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis uncovered any treatment effects on expression of genes related to lipid synthesis or uptake. These data suggest that alteration in gene expression in the lactating human mammary gland is likely not the primary mechanism by which consumption of a high-fat diet affects milk fat percent in healthy, lactating women. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Alterations in the Milk Metabolome of Dairy Cows Supplemented with Different Levels of Calcium Propionate in Early Lactation; This study aimed to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with different levels of calcium propionate on the lactation performance, blood energy metabolite parameters, and milk metabolites of dairy cows in early lactation. Thirty-two multiparous Holstein cows were randomly divided into 4 groups, which were orally drenched with 0, 200, 350, and 500 g/d calcium propionate per cow supplemented to a basal diet for 5 weeks from calving. The milk and blood of the dairy cows were sampled and measured every week. The milk samples from the last week were used for the metabolomic analysis via liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). The results showed that the calcium propionate supplementation quadratically increased the dry matter intake, energy-corrected milk yield, and 4% fat-corrected milk yield; linearly reduced the milk protein and milk lactose concentrations; and quadratically decreased the somatic cell count in the milk. With the increase in calcium propionate, the serum glucose content showed a linear increase, while the serum insulin content showed a quadratic increase. The diets supplemented with calcium propionate quadratically decreased the 13-hydroxybutyric acid and linearly decreased the non-esterified fatty acid content in the serum. The metabolomic analysis revealed that eighteen different metabolites were identified in the milk samples of the dairy cows supplemented with calcium propionate at 350 g/d, which decreased the abundance of genistein and uridine 5-monophosphate and increased the abundance of adenosine, uracil, protoporphyrin IX, and sphingomyelin (d 18:1/18:0) compared with the control group. The milk metabolic analysis indicated that the calcium propionate effectively improved the milk synthesis and alleviated the mobilization of adipose tissue and bone calcium. In summary, the calcium propionate could improve the lactation performance and energy status and promote the milk metabolic profile of dairy cows in early lactation. Calcium propionate (350 g/d) is a well-recommended supplement for dairy cows for alleviating negative energy balance and hypocalcemia in early lactation.
Effects of Early Lactation Milking Frequency in an Automated Milking System on Cow Performance; Simple Summary The increasing use of automated milking systems (AMS) in the dairy industry has led to the necessity for changes in management practices implemented by producers. This study investigated the productive and metabolic impact of three versus six milkings per day (MPD) during early lactation on multiparous Holstein cows managed in an AMS. Mature cows (third and greater parity) with six MPD had greater milk fat production during the experimental phase (4 to 29 days in milk; DIM) and milk production during the carryover phase (30 to 90 DIM) than mature three MPD cows. The composition of milk fatty acids differed between MPD groups with cows, with three MPD having greater short-, medium-, odd- and branched-chain fatty acids during the experimental phase compared to cows with six MPD. Based on greater blood fatty acid and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations, the mature six MPD cows may have been in a greater postpartum nutrient deficit and at greater risk of metabolic illness. Our findings suggest a need to strategically manage the MPD or nutrition of mature, early lactation dairy cows in an AMS.Abstract Automated milking systems (AMS) are increasingly adopted for dairy cow production, promoting individualized cow management dependent on factors like lactation stage, age, and productivity. The study objective was to investigate the effects of early lactation milking frequency on cows milked via AMS. Multiparous Holstein cows blocked by parity and due date were randomly assigned to treatments (n = 8 per treatment): three (3X) or six (6X) milkings per day (MPD). The experimental phase (EXP) was defined as 4 to 29 days in milk (DIM). The AMS settings were programed so 3X cows were limited to three MPD while 6X cows were allowed six MPD. Afterwards was the carry over phase (CO) ranging from 30 to 90 DIM; all cows were allowed up to six MPD. Measurements by the AMS included bodyweight, milk yield (MY), and pellet intake. Weekly composite milk samples were analyzed for macronutrient composition and fatty acid (FA) profile. Coccygeal blood was sampled at 3, 8 +/- 1, and 13 +/- 1 DIM; concentrations of blood plasma analytes were quantified. Greater MPD was achieved for 6X cows versus 3X cows during EXP, but similar during the CO. Daily MY was non-separable during the EXP while 6X cows in their third or greater lactation group (3 + LG) had greater MY than 3X cows of the same LG during the CO. Milk fat content and 4% fat-corrected MY were both greater for 6X, 3 + LG cows during the EXP compared to 3X, 3 + LG cows. Milk FA methyl esters (FAME) proportions were different between MPD groups, with 6X, 3 + LG cows having the lowest short, even-chain FA from de novo or post-absorptive origin. Differences in analytes indicated that 6X, 3 + LG cows experienced metabolic stress and incorporated greater FA from adipose tissue. Greater early lactation MPD in AMS may shift cow nutrient partitioning to support greater production in 3+ parity cows.
Six Weeks of Aerobic Exercise in Untrained Men With Overweight/Obesity Improved Training Adaptations, Performance and Body Composition Independent of Oat/Potato or Milk Based Protein-Carbohydrate Drink Supplementation; Background: Protein availability around aerobic exercise might benefit aerobic capacity and body composition in normal weight adults. However, it is unknown if individuals with overweight/obesity elicit similar adaptations or improve other cardiometabolic/health-related markers in response to different types of protein. Thus, our aim was to study the effect of supplementation of two different protein drinks in conjunction with exercise on aerobic capacity, body composition and blood health markers in untrained subjects with overweight or obesity.
Gestational weight gain in women with pre-pregnancy overweight or obesity and anthropometry of infants at birth; ObjectiveTo examine the association of gestational weight gain (GWG) among women with pre-pregnancy overweight or obesity with infant weight and BMI z-score at birth.MethodsThis study is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial including data from 208 infants at birth born by mothers with pre-pregnancy BMI between 28 and 45 kg/m(2) who completed the APPROACH study (randomized to a high-protein low-glycemic index diet or a moderate-protein moderate-glycemic index diet). This analysis pooled the two diet treatment groups together and data were analyzed using a linear mixed model.ResultsLimiting GWG by 1 kg was associated with lower birthweight (-16 g, P = 0.003), BMI z-score (-0.03SD, P = 0.019), weight z-score (-0.03SD, P = 0.004), and infant abdominal circumference (-0.06 cm, P = 0.039). Infants born by mothers whose GWG was <= 9 kg weighed less (122 g, 95% CI: 6-249, P = 0.040), had similar BMI z-score (0.2SD, 95% CI: -0.06 to 0.55, P = 0.120), and lower incidence of emergency cesarean deliveries (11.5% vs. 23.1%, P = 0.044) compared to infants born by mothers whose GWG was >9 kg. When women were classified into GWG quartiles, women in Q1 (GWG range: -7.0 to 3.2 kg) gave birth to smaller infants (3,420 g, P = 0.015) with lower BMI z-score (-0.5SD, P = 0.041) than women in Q2 (3.3-7.1 kg), Q3 (7.2-10.9 kg) and Q4 (11.1-30.2 kg).ConclusionsLimiting GWG among women with pre-pregnancy overweight or obesity was associated with lower infant weight, BMI z-score, weight z-score, and abdominal circumference at birth. Moreover, GWG below the Institute of Medicine guideline of a maximum of 9 kg was associated with lower birthweight and fewer emergency cesarean deliveries.
Impact of milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity; Background: The impact of dairy intake on cardiometabolic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) needs further research.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (Dairy Health): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study; Background: Abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior.
Preliminary study: Soy milk as effective as skim milk in promoting weight loss; Calcium from dairy sources is beneficial to weight loss; however, no studies have compared the effects of dairy to nondairy sources of calcium on weight loss. This pilot study explored differences between soy and skim milk on changes in anthropometric values in premenopausal women. In a prospective randomized controlled trial, 14 women with overweight/obesity were randomly assigned to 720 mL soy milk (n=7) or an equivalent volume of skim milk (n=7) daily for 8 weeks. Subjects followed a 500-kcal deficit diet based on metabolic rate data. There were no anthropometric differences between soy and skim milk groups at baseline. Subjects followed an energy-restricted diet; both groups experienced reductions in kilogram weight (4.27 +/- 2.05 vs 3.76 +/- 2.25; P=0.668), body fat percent (1.30 +/- 1.37 vs 1.87 +/- 1.45; P=0.464), and abdominal circumference (11.28 +/- 5.23 vs 8.66 +/- 2.51; P=0.259) while attenuating losses of fat-free mass (1.12 +/- 1.29 vs 0.43 +/- 1.12; P=0.299) during the 8-week study. There were no significant differences in weight, fat percent, abdominal circumference, and fat-free mass between groups. To optimize the weight loss effects of calcium, one can consume 720 mL of either soy milk or skim milk daily.
Nutritional composition, glycemic index, glycemic load, and organoleptical quality of glucomannan-enriched soy milk ice cream; Over the past decades, the number of childhood obesity cases has increased significantly, which led to an increase in the number of adults suffering from degenerative diseases such as diabetes mellitus (DM). Glucomannan-Enriched Soy Milk Ice Cream (GSMIC) may prevent obesity in children. The aim of the study was to test the level of carbohydrates, protein, fat, dietary fiber, glycemic index, glycemic load, and organoleptic quality of GSMIC. This experiment used a completely randomized design to test three formulations of glucomannan flour and soy milk (0.5%, 1.5%, and 2.5%). The products were tested for nutritional composition, and evaluated on glycemic index, glycemic load, and organoleptic quality. GSMIC 2.5% had higher levels of dietary fiber and high carbohydrate, protein, and fat content compared to ice cream (3.99%, 30.7%, 1.50%, 1.33%, respectively). The glycemic index of ice cream and 2.5% GSMIC were 75.83 (75%) and 51.48 (51%), respectively, while the glycemic load of ice cream and 2.5% GSMIC were 9.04 and 11.61, respectively. Based on the organoleptic analysis, formulation preferred by the panellists was 2.5% glucomannan flour. Glucomannan flour affected the level of carbohydrates, protein, fat, dietary fiber, glycemic index, glycemic load, and organoleptic quality in soy milk ice cream.
Consumption of Yogurt, Low-Fat Milk, and Other Low-Fat Dairy Products Is Associated with Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome Incidence in an Elderly Mediterranean Population; Background: The association between consumption of dairy products and the risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) is unclear.
Daily fortified-synbiotic yogurt consumption facilitates appetite control in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome during a weight-loss program: a 10-week randomized controlled trial; Objective:Weight loss programm is known to increase the appetite and motivation to eat. The aim of the present study was to compare the effect of fortified-synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with calcium, whey protein and vitamin D with low-fat conventional yogurt (LFY) on appetite control in overweight/obese individuals during weight loss. Method and matrials: This was a randomized, double-blinded, parallel-arm, 10-week study. Participants were randomly allocated to two groups receiving either two servings (2x250 g)/day of a fortified synbiotic yogurt (FSY) with whey protein, calcium, and vitamin D (n=44) or a low-fat conventional yogurt (LFY) (n=43). All participants were put on a caloric-restricted diet throughout the 10-week study. Fasting Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) was used to measure subjective sensations of appetite in before commencing the study, at weeks 5 and 10 of the study. Fasting plasma concentrations of ghrelin were measured as well. Result: Both groups showed a significant (P<0.001) weight loss (-4.3 +/- 1.9 kg and -5.12 +/- 3.03 kg in the LFY and FSY groups, respectively). A treatment and timextreatment interaction effect indicated that weight loss with FSY induced a smaller increase in desire to eat and hunger and smaller reduction in fullness sensations (P<0.05). Intrisingly, per each kg body fat mass loss during the weight loss, the increase in the desire to eat and hunger as well as decrease in the fullness scores were significanity lower (P<0.05) in the FSY compared to LFY group. Furthermore, changes in ghrelin concentration correlated with those in desire to eat (r=0.34, P=0.001), hunger (r =0.64, P <0-001) and fullness (r= -0.39, P<0.001) sensations. Although changes in fasting ghrelin concentrations were not significantly diffrerent between groups at the end of the study; the FSY group showed smaller increase in gerlin after 10-weeks study. Conclusions: Collectively, our promising results showed that FSY supplementation attenuates the orexigenic effect of body weight loss compared with LFY and in overweight and obese individuals.
Effect of acute and short-term dietary fat ingestion on postprandial skeletal muscle protein synthesis rates in middle-aged, overweight, and obese men; Muscle anabolic resistance to dietary protein is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess consumption of fat to anabolic resistance is not well studied. The aim of these studies was to test the hypothesis that acute and short-term dietary fat overload will impair the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion. Eight overweight/obese men [46.4 +/- 1.4 yr, body mass index (BMI) 32.3 +/- 5.4 kg/m(2)] participated in the acute feeding study, which consisted of two randomized crossover trials. On each occasion, subjects ingested an oral meal (with and without fat emulsion), 4 h before the coingestion of milk protein, intrinsically labeled with [1-C-13]phenylalanine, and dextrose. Nine overweight/obese men (44.0 +/- 1.7 yr, BMI 30.1 +/- 1.1 kg/m(2)) participated in the chronic study, which consisted of a baseline, 1-wk isocaloric diet, followed by a 2-wk high-fat diet (+25% energy excess). Acutely, incorporation of dietary amino acids into the skeletal muscle was twofold higher (P < 0.05) in the lipid trial compared with control. There was no effect of prior lipid ingestion on indices of insulin sensitivity (muscle glucose uptake, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex activity, and Akt phosphorylation) in response to the protein/dextrose drink. Fat overfeeding had no effect on muscle protein synthesis or glucose disposal in response to whey protein ingestion, despite increased muscle diacylglycerol C16:0 (P = 0.06) and ceramide C16:0 (P < 0.01) levels. Neither acute nor short-term dietary fat overload has a detrimental effect on the skeletal muscle protein synthetic response to dietary protein ingestion in overweight/obese men, suggesting that dietary-induced accumulation of intramuscular lipids per se is not associated with anabolic resistance.
Investigation of the Protective Effect of Kefir against Isoproterenol Induced Myocardial Infarction in Rats; This study aims to investigate the protective effects of kefir against myocardial infarction induced by isoproterenol (ISO). The rats were randomly divided into 4 groups, each group consisting of 8 rats. The control group, the kefir group (5 mL/kg/d kefir administered to rats as intra-gastric gavage for 60 d), the ISO group (100 mg/kg ISO was administered to rats, s.c. on 61. and 62. d), and kefir+ISO group (5 mL/kg/d kefir was administered to rats intra gastric gavage for 60 days prior to ISO, 100 mg/kg in two doses on day 61 and 62). 12 h after the last ISO dose, all rats were decapitated and their blood samples were collected. Cardiac tissue was reserved for histopathological examination. creatine kinase (CK), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), triglycerides, total cholesterol,very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and glucose were measured by autoanalyzer, whole blood malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH) and plasma advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) levels were measured spectrophotometrically. It was determined that in the group of kefir+ISO, the levels of AST (p<0.001), CK (p<0.001), LDH (p<0.001), MDA (p<0.001) and AOPP (p<0.001) were decreased, while the GSH (p<0.05) increased, compared to ISO group. There were no significant changes in lipid profile and glucose levels between these two groups. In conclusion, by examining cardiac enzymes and histopathological changes in cardiac tissue, it can be concluded that the administration of kefir in myocardial infarction induced by ISO can protect the heart with its antioxidant characteristic and minimize the toxic damage created by ISO.
Effects of two conjugated linoleic acid isomers on body fat mass in overweight humans; Objective: To examine the effects of two different conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomers at two different intakes on body composition in overweight humans.
Skim milk compared with a fruit drink acutely reduces appetite and energy intake in overweight men and women; Background: Several studies show that proteins, including whey and casein, are more satiating than carbohydrates. It follows that skim milk would be more satiating than sugar-rich beverages. However, this has yet to be shown.
Nutritional profile and obesity: results from a random-sample population-based study in Crdoba, Argentina; Obesity is a chronic, heterogeneous, multifactorial disease, which has sharply increased in prevalence in both developed and developing countries. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of obesity and to identify socio-demographic risk factors associated with it, with special emphasis on diet.
An energy-reduced dietary pattern, including moderate protein and increased nonfat dairy intake combined with walking promotes beneficial body composition and metabolic changes in women with excess adiposity: a randomized comparative trial; Moderate protein and nonfat dairy intake within an energy-reduced diet (ERD) may contribute to health benefits achieved with body weight (BW) loss. The current study examined the effectiveness of a weight-loss/weight-loss maintenance intervention using an ERD with moderate dietary protein (30% of kcals) and increased nonfat dairy intake (4-5 svg/d), including yogurt (INT group) and daily walking compared to an ERD with standard protein (16-17% of kcals) and standard nonfat dairy intake (3 svg/d) (COM group) with daily walking. A randomized comparative trial with 104 healthy premenopausal women with overweight/obesity was conducted in a university setting. Women were randomized to INT group or COM group. Anthropometric measurements, as well as dietary intake, selected vital signs, resting energy expenditure, blood lipids, glucose, insulin, and selected adipose-derived hormones were measured at baseline, and weeks 2, 12, and 24. Targets for dietary protein and nonfat dairy intake, while initially achieved, were not sustained in the INT group. There were no significant effects of diet group on anthropometric measurements. Women in the INT group and COM group, respectively, reduced BW (-4.9 +/- 3.2 and -4.3 +/- 3.3 kg, P < 0.001) and fat mass (-3.0 +/- 2.2 and -2.3 +/- 2.3 kg, P < 0.001) during the 12-week weight-loss phase and maintained these losses at 24 weeks. Both groups experienced significant decreases in body mass index, fat-free soft tissue mass, body fat percentage, waist and hip circumferences and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, and leptin (all P < 0.001). Healthy premenopausal women with excess adiposity effectively lost BW and fat mass and improved some metabolic risk factors following an ERD with approximately 20% protein and 3 svg/d of nonfat dairy intake.
Dairy-Rich Diets Augment Fat Loss on an Energy-Restricted Diet: A Multicenter Trial; A 12-week randomized controlled multi-center clinical trial was conducted in 106 overweight and obese adults. Diets were designed to produce a 2,093 kJ/day energy deficit with either low calcium (LC; similar to 600 mg/day), high calcium (HC; similar to 1,400 mg/day), or high dairy (HD; three dairy servings, diet totaling similar to 1,400 mg/day). Ninety-three subjects completed the trial, and 68 met all a priori weekly compliance criteria. Both HC and HD contained comparable levels of calcium, but HC was only similar to 30% as effective as HD in suppressing 1,25-(OH)(2)D and exerted no significant effects on weight loss or body composition compared to LC. In the group that met compliance criteria, HD resulted in similar to two-fold augmentation of fat loss compared to LC and HC (HD: -4.43 +/- 0.53 kg; LC: -2.69 +/- 0.0.53 kg; HC: -2.23 +/- 0.73kg, p < 0.025); assessment of all completers and an intent-to-treat analysis produced similar trends. HD augmentated central (trunk) fat loss (HD: -2.38 +/- 0.30 kg; HC: -1.42 +/- 0.30 kg; LC: -1.36 +/- 0.42 kg, p < 0.05) and waist circumference (HD: -7.65 +/- 0.75 cm; LC: -4.92 +/- 0.74 cm; LC: -4.95 +/- 1.05 cm, p < 0.025). Similar effects were noted among all subjects completing the study and in an intent-to-treat analysis. These data indicate that dairy-rich diets augment weight loss by targeting the fat compartment during energy restriction.
Effect of a High Protein Weight Loss Diet on Weight, High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein, and Cardiovascular Risk among Overweight and Obese Women: A Parallel Clinical Trial; Studies regarding the effects of high protein (HP) diets on cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors have reported contradictory results. We aimed to determine the effects of an HP diet on CVD risk factors and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) among overweight and obese women. In this randomized controlled trial, we recruited 60 overweight and obese women, aged 20-65, into an HP or energy-restricted control diet for three months (protein, carbohydrate, and fat: 25%, 45%, and 30% versus 15%, 55%, and 30%, resp.). Total protein was divided between animal and plant sources in a 1 : 1 ratio, and animal sources were distributed equally between meats and dairy products. Fasting blood samples, hs-CRP, lipid profile, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines. Percent change was significantly different between the two diet groups for weight (standard protein (SP): -3.90 +/- 0.26 versus HP: -6.10 +/- 0.34%; P < 0.0001, resp.) and waist circumference (SP: -3.03 +/- 0.21 versus HP: -5.06 +/- 0.28%; P < 0.0001, resp.). Percent change of fasting blood glucose (FBG) substantially decreased in the control group compared to the HP group (-9.13 +/- 0.67 versus -4.93 +/- 1.4%; P = 0.01, resp.). Total cholesterol, systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased both in the HP and in the control diet groups (P = 0.06, P = 0.07, and P = 0.09, resp.); however, the results were marginally significant. Serum levels of hs-CRP were reduced both in the control (-0.08 +/- 0.11%, P = 0.06) and in the high protein groups (-0.04 +/- 0.09%, P = 0.06). The energy-restricted HP diet resulted in more beneficial effects on weight loss and reduction of waist circumference. CVD risk factors may improve with HP diets among overweight and obese women. When using isoenergetic weight loss diets, total cholesterol, hs-CRP, and SBP were marginally significantly reduced, independent of dietary protein content. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01763528.
The effect of slow spaced eating on hunger and satiety in overweight and obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Slow spaced eating is associated with improved satiety and gut hormone responses in normal-weight participants. This crossover study compared the effect of slow and rapid eating patterns on hunger, fullness, glucose, insulin, and the appetite-related gut hormones peptide YY (PYY), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), and ghrelin in overweight and obese participants with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Effects of phytonutrients alone or in combination with monensin on productivity in lactating dairy cows; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of phytonutrients, compared with monensin as a positive control, on productivity, milk fatty acids, fat mobilization, and blood cells in lactating dairy cows. Thirty-six Holstein cows were used in a 9-wk randomized complete block design study. Following a 2-wk covariate period, cows were blocked by days in milk, parity, and milk yield and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments (12 cows/treatment): 450 mg/cow per day of monensin (MO), 250 mg/cow per day of capsicum plus 450 mg/cow per day of MO (MOCAP), and 1,000 mg/cow per day of a mixture of cinnamaldehyde, eugenol, and capsicum (CEC). Dry matter intake and milk yield were not affected by treatment. Supplementation of CEC increased feed efficiency compared with MO, but did not affect feed efficiency on an energy-corrected milk basis. Milk composition (fat, protein, and lactose), milk fatty acid profile, and blood concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate were also not affected by treatment. The expression of hormone-sensitive lipase in adipose tissues tended to increase for MOCAP compared with MO. Counts of total white blood cell, neutrophils, lymphocytes, eosinophils, and basophils were not affected by treatment, although monocytes count tended to be decreased by CEC. Treatments had no effect on red blood cells, hemoglobin, and platelets. Results indicate that dietary supplementation of CEC and capsicum had no production or other effects in dairy cows, compared with MO, except CEC increased feed efficiency and tended to decrease blood monocytes count.
Increased Dairy Consumption Differentially Improves Metabolic Syndrome Markers in Male and Female Adults; Background: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria. Methods: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.19.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (LFD) (10oz of 1% milk, 6oz of nonfat yogurt, 4oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22). Results: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4 +/- 9.1 vs. 98.9 +/- 10.6mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=-0.537; P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=-0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics. Conclusions: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population.
Impact of Dairy Intake on Plasma F<sub>2</sub>-IsoProstane Profiles in Overweight Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia: A Randomized Crossover Trial; F-2-IsoProstanes (F-2-IsoPs) are major biomarkers of oxidative stress and are associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Further, plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs may be modified by dairy products. The aim is to investigate the effect of high dairy product (HD) consumption compared to an adequate dairy product (AD) consumption on the level of F-2-IsoPs among hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this crossover study, participants were randomized in two groups: HD (>= 4 servings/day), or AD (<= 2 servings/day) for six weeks. Fasting blood glucose and insulin were measured. The homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated. Six isomers of F-2-IsoPs were quantified by HPLC-MS/MS. Twenty-seven subjects with hyperinsulinemia (mean age; 55 +/- 13 years, BMI; 31.4 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and HOMA-IR were unchanged after HD or AD intervention. After HD intake, the total level of F-2-IsoPs (p = 0.03), 5-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.002), and 8-F-2t-IsoP (p = 0.004) decreased compared to AD. The 15-F-2t-IsoP tended to be positively correlated with fasting blood glucose (r = 0.39, p = 0.08). Generally, F-2-IsoPs levels were higher among men compared to women regardless of the dairy intake. Overall, intake of HD decreased plasma levels of F-2-IsoPs compared to AD without modifying glycemic parameters.
A field study on negative energy balance in periparturient dairy cows kept in small-holder farms: Effect on milk production and reproduction; Impact of negative energy balance (NEB) and its consequences on milk production and reproduction were studied in 51 dairy cows. All cows were randomly selected from 11 small-holder farms according to their calving date during December 2006 to May 2007. Body condition score and milk yield were recorded. Blood samples were collected from all cows at 2 weeks before expected calving date and at 2 and 4 weeks after calving to determine glucose, nonesterifed fatty acids, triacylglycerol, cholesterol and urea nitrogen concentrations. Postpartum reproductive activities were also recorded. Results showed that dairy cows in this study had significantly lower serum glucose and triacylglycerol, and significantly higher serum of non-esterified fatty acids concentrations after parturition. Cows also lost their weights during postpartum period as compared with prepartum period. Results indicated that these cows suffered from NEB. The average milk yields during 16 weeks of lactation did not show the peak of yield. Pregnancy rates of these cows were 28.6, 11.1, and 12.0% for first, second, and third artificial insemination. In conclusion, these dairy cows went into a periparturient NEB period, and its consequences on suboptimal milk yields and lower conception rates were observed. Prevention of the adverse effects of NEB and its consequences would result in an increase of performance of dairy cows raised in small-holder farms.
Ezetimibe and simvastatin combination inhibits and reverses the pro-inflammatory and pro-atherogenic effects of cream in obese patients; Background and aims: Inflammation and postprandial lipemia are associated with increased cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether ezetimibe and simvastatin combination, a lipid lowering combination of simvastatin and ezetimibe, exerts an anti-inflammatory effect in the fasting state and after dairy cream intake.
Increased consumption of calcium from fat-free milk, energy-restricted diet and educational activities improves metabolic control in overweight type 2 diabetic patients; We assessed the effects of increased Ca consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet and educational activities in the metabolic control of overweight type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Fourteen subjects with T2DM (BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects were randomly allocated to one of the two interventions: drink containing 700 mg of Ca (DAIR) or drink containing 0 mg of Ca (CONT) for ninety consecutive days each. Energy-restricted diets (-500 kcal/d; -2092 kJ/d), containing 800 mg of Ca from dietary sources/d, were prescribed for both groups. Questionnaires were applied at baseline and at the end of the study to assess the subjects' knowledge on the disease and on self-care, biochemical variables and physical activity. Blood pressure, food intake, body composition and anthropometry were assessed at baseline, days 45 and 90. There was a higher reduction of body fat %, waist circumference, hip circumference, neck circumference, waist:hip ratio, sagittal abdominal diameter, diastolic/systolic blood pressure and an increase in fat-free mass % in DAIR than in CONT. Uric acid, fasting glucose, Hb1Ac, parathyroid hormone and alanine aminotransferase concentrations reduced and vitamin D concentration increased after 90 d in DAIR compared with CONT. The consumption of energy-restricted diet containing 1200 mg Ca/d seems to favour metabolic control in subjects with T2DM. The educational activities increased the knowledge on the disease care.
Milk and dairy consumption and incidence of cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: The consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, but conflicting findings have been reported.
Effect of dairy intake with or without energy restriction on body composition of adults: overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials; Context: Some studies suggest that consumption of dairy products can aid in weight loss, while others suggest a negative effect or no effect Objective: An overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses was conducted to examine the effect of dairy product consumption on changes in body composition. Data Sources: PRISMA guidelines were followed to ensure transparent reporting of evidence. The MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases were searched from inception to April 2018. Study Selection: Six systematic reviews and 47 associated meta-analyses (which included the results of 58 different randomized controlled trials) published in English or Spanish and reporting data on dairy intake and changes in weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference were included. Data Extraction: Two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the AMSTAR2 tool. Results: Dairy consumption interventions without dietary energy restriction had no significant effects on weight, fat mass, lean mass, or waist circumference. Interventions in energy-restricted settings had significant effects on fat mass and body weight. Conclusions: Increasing total dairy intake without energy restriction in adults does not affect body composition. In the context of an energy-restricted diet, however, increased dairy intake results in lower fat mass and body weight but has no conclusive effects on waist circumference or lean mass.
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Serum Omentin-1, Adropin, and Nesfatin-1 Concentrations in Overweight and Obese Participants Under Low-Calorie Diet; Data on the effects of probiotics on adipokines such as omentin-1, nesfatin-1, and adropin are limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic yogurt along with a low-calorie diet (LCD) on serum omentin-1, adropin, and nesfatin-1 concentrations in obese and overweight individuals. Sixty obese or overweight individuals aged 20-50 years old were involved in this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to consume either probiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 (10(8) CFU/g each) (n = 30) or regular yogurt (n = 30) along with a LCD in both groups for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 8-week intervention to determine related variables. A significant decrease in body fat percentage was observed in the probiotic group compared with the regular group after 8 weeks (- 1.51 +/- 069 vs - 0.88 +/- 0.68%, P = 0.002). After the 8-week intervention, a significant difference in serum adropin concentration (6.04 +/- 24.46 vs - 8.16 +/- 24.66 pg/ml, P = 0.03 and serum omentin-1 concentration (0.09 +/- 1.51 vs - 1.5 +/- 1.8 ng/ml, P = 0.003) was observed between two groups. We did not observe any significant changes in nesfatin-1 and other anthropometric measures. Overall, probiotic yogurt for 8 weeks among overweight or obese individuals along with LCD had beneficial effects on body fat percentage, serum omentin-1, and adropin concentration, but it did not have any effect on nesfatin-1 level.
Milk polar lipids reduce lipid cardiovascular risk factors in overweight postmenopausal women: towards a gut sphingomyelin-cholesterol interplay; Objective To investigate whether milk polar lipids (PL) impact human intestinal lipid absorption, metabolism, microbiota and associated markers of cardiometabolic health.
Effects of milk, milk replacer, and milk replacer plus ethoxyquin on the growth performance, weaning stress, and the fecal microbiota of Holstein dairy calves; The growth and health statuses of calves during the early stages of development have a significant effect on milk production during their first lactation period. Using appropriate milk replacers helps meet the long-term targets of dairy farmers. This study aimed to examine the effects of milk, milk replacer, and milk replacer plus ethoxyquin on growth performance, antioxidant status, immune function, and the gut microbiota of Holstein dairy calves. A total of 36 neonatal dairy calves were randomly divided into three groups and fed different diets: one group was fed milk, another group was fed milk replacer, and the third group was given milk replacer plus ethoxyquin. The supplementation with ethoxyquin was started on day 35 of the feeding period. The calves were weaned on day 45, and the experiment was conducted until day 49. The blood and fecal samples were collected at the end of the animal experiment. The results showed that milk replacers induced poor growth performance (body weight and average daily gain). However, milk replacer plus ethoxyquin aided in growth performance, enhanced the starter intake and blood antioxidative ability, and elevated the concentration of fecal valeric acid. Moreover, fecal fermentation and 16S rRNA analyses showed that milk replacer plus ethoxyquin altered the microbial composition (reducing Alistipes and Ruminococcaceae and increasing Bacteroides and Alloprevotella). Pearson's correlation assays showed that alterations in fecal microbiota strongly correlated with average daily gain and antioxidative ability. The results indicated the potential of milk replacer plus ethoxyquin in modulating the growth of dairy calves and in enhancing their ability to combat stress.
The effects of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on serum liver function biomarkers in adults with abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial; Introduction Vitamin D deficiency has been reported to affect liver function biomarkers. This study was aimed to investigate the effect of consuming vitamin D fortified low-fat dairy products on liver function tests in adults with abdominal obesity.Methods This total blinded randomized controlled trial was undertaken on otherwise healthy abdominally obese adults living in Mashhad, Iran. Milk and yogurt were fortified with 1500 IU vitamin D-3 nano-capsules. Participants were randomized to receive fortified milk (n = 73), plain milk (n = 73), fortified yogurt (n = 69), and plain yogurt (n = 74) for 10 weeks. Blood samples were taken at baseline and at the end of the study to assess serum levels of vitamin D, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and Gamma glutamyl transferase.Results A total of 289 participants completed the study (54% female). The groups were homogenous in terms of age, sex, weight, energy intake, and physical activity level (p-value > 0.05). After the trial, vitamin D serum levels were significantly increased in both groups receiving fortified products (both p < 0.001). There was a significant time*group effect only in serum ALP (p < 0.001).Conclusion Consumption of dairy products fortified by 1500 IU vitamin D-3 might have detrimental effects on serum levels of some liver enzymes in individuals with abdominal obesity. Further studies needed to determine these effects and underlying mechanisms.
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults; Milk protein ingestion reduces post-meal glycemia when consumed either before or together with carbohydrate foods. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of dairy and soy milk consumed either before (preload) or together with (co-ingestion) a carbohydrate (bread), on postprandial blood glucose, insulin and gastric emptying in healthy participants.
A pilot study to determine the short-term effects of milk with differing glycaemic properties on sleep among toddlers: a randomised controlled trial; Background: Sleep is important for children as it directly impacts their mental and physical development. Sleep is not only influenced by the timing but also the macronutrient (carbohydrate and protein) content of meals. Glycaemic index (GI) and glycaemic load (GL) describe the quality of carbohydrates in a food and the burden of these foods on the body's blood glucose response. Diets with a high GI/GL may increase the risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. The present study is piloted to evaluate the short-term impact of milk products with differing glycaemic properties on the sleep patterns of toddlers.
Efficacy of calcium supplementation for management of overweight and obesity: systematic review of randomized clinical trials; Numerous dietary supplements are marketed as slimming aids, but the efficacy of most has not been proven. One such slimming aid is calcium. Presented here are the results of a systematic review that aimed to evaluate the evidence for or against the efficacy of calcium supplements for body-weight reduction in overweight and obese individuals. Electronic searches were conducted to identify relevant randomized clinical trials of at least 6 months duration. No restrictions of age, gender, language, or time of publication were imposed. Two reviewers independently determined the eligibility of studies, assessed the reporting quality of the studies included, and extracted data. Twenty-four eligible trials were identified, and seven were included. Five of the randomized clinical trials included were not of good reporting quality. A meta-analysis revealed a small, significant reduction in body weight for calcium compared with placebo (mean difference, -0.74 kg; 95% confidence interval, -1.00--0.48). A small, significant reduction in body fat favoring calcium over placebo was also noted (mean difference, -0.93 kg; 95% confidence interval, -1.16--0.71). In conclusion, the evidence from randomized clinical trials suggests calcium supplementation generates small, statistically significant weight loss in overweight and obese individuals, but the clinical relevance of this finding is uncertain.
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence; Background: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat.
Diets High in Protein or Saturated Fat Do Not Affect Insulin Sensitivity or Plasma Concentrations of Lipids and Lipoproteins in Overweight and Obese Adults; Background: Previous human studies reported inconsistent effects of dietary protein and branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) on insulin action and glucose metabolism. Similarly, it is unclear whether saturated fat (SF) intake influences these metabolic variables.
Calcium and vitamin D supplementation is associated with decreased abdominal visceral adipose tissue in overweight and obese adults; Background: Several studies suggest that calcium and vitamin D (CaD) may play a role in the regulation of abdominal fat mass.
Consumption of Whey in Combination with Dairy Medium-Chain Fatty Acids (MCFAs) may Reduce Lipid Storage due to Urinary Loss of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Intermediates and Increased Rates of MCFAs Oxidation; Scope: The aim of the paper is to investigate whether changes in the metabolome could explain observed changes in body composition in overweight adults after consumption of butter with high level of medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) in combination with casein or whey.
Prevalence of Stroke and Stroke Risk Factors in a South-Western Community of Nepal; Background: Stroke related studies in Nepal are primarily hospital-based and mainly from the capital city. Objectives: We aimed to estimate the prevalence of stroke and stroke risk factors in the South-Western community of Nepal. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted from May to August 2018 among 549 randomly selected Nepalese participants from diverse ethnicity, aged >15 years, in a region with the availability of neurological support facilities. Data were collected using a stroke questionnaire designed for the purpose. Stroke was identified by enumerators using the Balance-Eyes-Face-Arms-Speech-Time (BEFAST) scale, and a senior neurologist confirmed it. We assessed the presence of major risk factors associated with stroke. Results: The crude and age-standardised prevalence of stroke were 2368 and 2967 per 100,000 respectively. Of all the surveyed participants, 61% (n=335) reported consumption of full-fat dairy products >3 days per week, 87.6% (n=481) reported a high intake of salt (>5 g/day), 83.6% (n=459) with a low intake of fruits and vegetables (<400 g/day), 45.2% (n=248) with perceived stress related to work or home, 51.6% (n=283) with financial stress (283, 51.6%), 86.7% (n=457) with low high-density lipoprotein, 96.2% (n=507) with high blood urea nitrogen, 47.1% (n=356) were either overweight or obese 20.4% (n=112) with hypertension and 6.2% (n=34) with diabetes. Conclusions: The prevalence of stroke in the community of the South-Western part of Nepal is relatively higher than that estimated in South-Asia and global context. Our findings suggest an urgent community intervention, particularly with healthy lifestyles changes for future stroke prevention in the high-risk group.
Two-year effect of semaglutide 2.4 mg on control of eating in adults with overweight/obesity: STEP 5; Objective: This study evaluated the effect of once-weekly semaglutide 2.4 mg on 2-year control of eating.Methods: In STEP 5, adults with overweight/obesity were randomized 1:1 to semaglutide 2.4 mg or placebo, plus lifestyle modification, for 104 weeks. A 19-item Control of Eating Questionnaire was administered at weeks 0, 20, 52, and 104 in a subgroup of participants. P values were not controlled for multiplicity.Results: In participants completing the Control of Eating Questionnaire (semaglutide, n = 88; placebo, n = 86), mean body weight changes were -14.8% (semaglutide) and -2.4% (placebo). Scores significantly improved with semaglutide versus placebo for Craving Control and Craving for Savory domains at weeks 20, 52, and 104 (p < 0.01); for Positive Mood and Craving for Sweet domains at weeks 20 and 52 (p < 0.05); and for hunger and fullness at week 20 (p < 0.001). Improvements in craving domain scores were positively correlated with reductions in body weight from baseline to week 104 with semaglutide. At 104 weeks, scores for desire to eat salty and spicy food, cravings for dairy and starchy foods, difficulty in resisting cravings, and control of eating were significantly reduced with semaglutide versus placebo (all p < 0.05).Conclusions:: In adults with overweight/obesity, semaglutide 2.4 mg improved short- and longer-term control of eating associated with substantial weight loss.
Effect of feeding an energy supplement prepartum and postpartum on milk yield and composition, and incidence of ketosis in dairy cows; Forty dry pregnant multiparous Holstein cows housed in a free stall barn on a commercial dairy were blocked and assigned randomly to treatments to evaluate the effect of feeding an energy supplement for 3 weeks prepartum and 3 weeks postpartum on milk production and composition, and incidence of ketosis. The energy supplement, which was in powder form, contained 78.43% propionic acid, 21.36% calcium, 0.155% zinc and 0.053% copper (DM basis). Diets were fed as total mixed rations (TMR) for ad libitum intake and contained (DM basis) approximately 56% forage and 44% concentrate for dry cows, and 44% forage and 56% concentrate for lactating cows. In addition, cows fed the supplemental diet received 0.11 kg per day of the energy supplement (DM basis). Prepartum DM intake by cows fed the TMR containing the energy supplement and cows fed the control TMR were 13.1 +/- 2.6 and 12.6 +/- 1.9 kg per day, respectively. Feeding cows the TMR containing the energy supplement decreased milk fat percentage (P = 0.02) and fat yield (P = 0.02), compared with cows fed the control TMR, during weeks 1-3 postpartum. There were no differences between treatments in milk yield, milk CP, milk true protein, milk urea N and somatic cell counts during weeks 1-3 postpartum, and urine ketone scores during weeks I and 2 postpartum. Feeding cows the TMR containing the energy supplement tended (P = 0.07) to decrease serum non-esterified fatty acids during week 1 postpartum, and decreased subclinical ketonuria during week 1 (P = 0.03) and week 2 (P < 0.01) postpartum compared with the control TMR. After feeding of the energy supplement was discontinued at week 3, cows previously fed the TMR containing the energy supplement tended (P = 0.17) to continue to produce milk containing a lower fat percentage during weeks 4-8 postpartum compared to cows fed the control TMR. There were no differences in milk yield, change in body condition score, milk CP, milk true protein, milk urea N, and somatic cell counts between treatments during weeks 4-8. Feeding an energy supplement containing largely propionic acid to Holstein cows for 3 weeks prepartum and 3 weeks postpartum lowered milk fat yield and tended to decrease the concentration of non-esterified fatty acids, thus suggesting lowered catabolism of adipose tissue in early lactation. Feeding this supplement to close up dry cows through early lactation could prevent fat mobilization and subclinical ketosis normally associated with calving. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary effects of linseed on fatty acid composition of milk and on liver, adipose and mammary gland metabolism of periparturient dairy cows; During the transition period in dairy cows, drastic adaptations within and between key tissues and cell types occur in a coordinated manner to support late gestation, the synthesis of large quantities of milk and metabolic homoeostasis. The start of lactation coincides with an increase of triacylglycerols in the liver, which has been associated with several economically important diseases in dairy cows (i.e. hepatic lipidiosis, mastitis). The polyunsaturated fatty acids have been used to improve liver metabolism and immune function in the mammary gland. Therefore, the effects of dietary linseed supplementation on milk quality and liver, adipose and mammary gland metabolism of periparturient dairy cows were studied in 14 cows that were randomly assigned to control or linseed supplementation. Animals were treated from 3weeks antepartum until 6weeks post-partum. Linseed did not modify dry matter intake, but increased milk yield and lactose yield, and decreased milk fat concentration, which coincided with lower proportion of C16 and higher proportions of stearic acid, conjugated linoleic acid and -linolenic acid in milk fat. Linseed supplementation did not significantly change the expression of key lipid metabolism genes in liver and adipose tissues, except of glucose transporter 2 (GLUT2) in liver, which was increased in cows supplemented with linseed, suggesting that more glucose was secreted and probably available for lactose synthesis compared with cows fed control diet. Large adaptations of transcription occurred in the mammary gland when dairy cows were supplemented with linseed. The main affected functional modules were related to energy metabolism, cell proliferation and remodelling, as well as the immune system response.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women.
An oat bran-based beverage reduce postprandial glycaemia equivalent to yoghurt in healthy overweight subjects; An acute meal study was performed to determine postprandial glucose and insulin responses after consumption of two fermented oat bran-based beverages (with and without exopolysaccharides) and yoghurt. This randomized, single-blind, within-subject study included 18 healthy, overweight participants. Four breakfast meals, including a reference meal, were tested; all meals contained 50 g of available carbohydrates, but differed in energy and macronutrient composition. All experimental meals reduced the postprandial glucose response compared with the reference meal. The oat drinks as well as the yoghurt elicited higher early (0-15 min) insulin responses, but the overall insulinaemia were similar to the reference meal. A new food product containing fermented liquid oat bran and milk reduced the postprandial blood glucose response as efficiently as yoghurt after a high-glycaemic index white wheat bread meal, but the presence of microbial exopolysaccharides did not affect the outcome.
Effect of Resistance Training and Various Sources of Protein Supplementation on Body Fat Mass and Metabolic Profile in Sarcopenic Overweight Older Adult Men: A Pilot Study; The decrease in resting energy expenditure (REE) and fat oxidation with aging is associated with an increase in fat mass (FM), and both could be prevented by exercise such as resistance training. Dairy consumption has also been shown to promote FM loss in different subpopulations and to be positively associated with fat oxidation. Therefore, we sought to determine whether resistance exercise combined with dairy supplementation could have an additive impact on FM and energy metabolism, especially in individuals with a deficit in muscle mass. Twenty-six older overweight sarcopenic men (65 +/- 5 years old) were recruited for the study. They participated in 4 months of resistance exercise and were randomized into three groups for postexercise shakes (control, dairy, and nondairy isocaloric and isoprotein supplement with 375 ml and similar to 280 calories per shake). Body composition was measured by dual X-ray absorptiometry and REE by indirect calorimetry. Fasting glucose, insulin, leptin, inflammatory profile, and blood lipid profile were also measured. Significant decreases were observed with FM only in the dairy supplement group; no changes were observed for any other variables. To conclude, FM may decrease without changes in metabolic parameters during resistance training and dairy supplementation with no caloric restriction without having any impact on metabolic properties. More studies are warranted to explain this significant decrease in FM.
Dietary calcium from dairy, body composition and glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes pursuing an energy restricted diet: A parallel group randomised clinical trial; In a 12-week duration parallel group randomised clinical trial, we evaluated the effect of increasing calcium (Ca) intake on body composition and insulin resistance in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Thirty-six subjects with low habitual Ca intake (<600 mg d(-1)), consumed low-Ca diet (CD group, 800 mg d(-1)) or high-Ca fat-free milk diet (MD group, 1500 mg d(-1)). MD group final anthropometric measures (body weight, BMI, waist circumference, waist-hip ratio, and fat mass) decreased compared with baseline. MD group showed greater decrease in waist circumference compared with CD group. Final fasting glucose decreased in CD group compared with baseline. Both groups reduced glycated haemoglobin. Consumption of high-Ca diet from dairy for 12 weeks was effective in reducing abdominal adiposity, but provided no additional effect on glycaemic control in overweight patients with T2DM. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of dairy products on oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Objective. - The aim of this randomized control trial was to assess the effect of dairy product (milk and yogurt) consumption on oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic patients.
Higher-protein diets improve indexes of sleep in energy-restricted overweight and obese adults: results from 2 randomized controlled trials; Background: Limited and inconsistent research findings exist about the effect of dietary protein intake on indexes of sleep.
Dietary calcium and dairy modulation of adiposity and obesity risk; Dietary calcium plays a key role in the regulation of energy metabolism and obesity risk. This appears to be mediated primarily by dietary calcium modulation of circulating calcitriol, which in turn regulates adipocyte intracellular calcium ([Ca2+]i). Increased [Ca2+]i stimulates lipogenic gene expression and activity and inhibits lipolysis, resulting in increased adipocyte lipid accumulation. Since calcitriol stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx, low calcium diets promote adiposity, while dietary calcium-suppression of calcitriol reduces adiposity. These concepts are confirmed in controlled rodent studies as well as by epidemiological and clincial trial data, all of which confirm protection from obesity with high calcium intakes. Moreover, dairy sources of calcium exert markedly greater effects which are most likely attributable to additional bioactive compounds in dairy which act synergistically with calcium to attenuate adiposity.
The Role of Dairy Foods and Dietary Calcium in Weight Management; Overweight and obesity are the foremost public health problems in the U.S., other industrialized countries, and is rapidly increasing in developing countries. Obesity is a multifaceted disease which requires multiple approaches to successfully combat its increase. Nutritional factors play a key role and include modification of energy balance, intake and expenditure, as well as other factors. Emerging scientific evidence over the past decade suggests that dairy foods may be beneficial when included in a moderate energy restricted diet and possibly for weight maintenance as well. This paper provides a review of some of the scientific evidence that has examined the effect of dairy foods and dietary calcium on weight management. Topic areas presented are observational or retrospective studies with adults as well as children and adolescents; randomized clinical trials on body weight and composition, energy expenditure, substrate oxidation and fecal fat loss; research from animal and in vitro studies provide possible mechanisms of action.
Effects of milk protein concentrate supplementation on metabolic parameters, adipocytokines and body composition in obese women under weight-loss diet: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Obesity impairs metabolic function and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Evidence suggests that high-protein diets help to increase weight loss and protect against weight gain. Milk protein concentrate (MPC) is a dairy product with a high protein content with a ratio of casein and whey protein similar to skim milk. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of MPC supplementation in obese women under a weight-loss diet. Methods and analysis We will conduct a 2-month open-label, parallel-group, randomised controlled trial to determine the effect of MPC supplementation on levels of glycaemic and lipid profile, leptin, adiponectin, appetite, waist circumference, body mass index and body composition in 44 premenopausal obese women on a weight-loss diet. Ethics and dissemination This protocol, approved by the Medical Ethics Committee of Ahvaz University of Medical Sciences, is in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki (approval number: IR.AJUMS.REC.1399.795). The trial results will be published in peer-reviewed journals.
Effects of probiotics fermented milk products on obesity measure among adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials; Current evidence suggests that gut dysbiosis has a pivotal role in progression of obesity. Probiotics fermented milk products (PFMP) by influencing the functions of gut microbiota might bring protective effects against obesity; however, findings of available randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are conflicting. The aim of this study was systematically review and analyse RCTs assessing the effects of PFMP supplementation on anthropometric indices. PubMed, Scopus, ISI Web of science and Cochrane Library were searched up to August 2020. A total of 19 RCTs (with 22 treatment arms) were included and reporting data about PFMP and body weight (BW), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC) and body fat percentage (BF%) were analyzed. Two authors independently extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias using the Cochran risk of bias tool PFMP intervention indicated a significant reduction in BW and BMI. Although this reduction in WC and BF% were nonsignificant. PFMP provide new opportunities to manage obesity.
The effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on body composition and weight reduction: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial; Background and aims: Multiple studies have suggested that calcium can supplement diet-induced weight loss, and that vitamin D is the most important regulator of intestinal calcium absorption. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calcium, vitamin D, and calcium and vitamin D (Ca + Vit D) supplementation on body composition and weight loss in overweight or obese women. Methods: In this triple-blind, randomized, parallel, placebo-controlled trial, 100 overweight or obese premenopausal women were randomly allocated to one of the following 4 treatment groups for 8 weeks: 1) calcium supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate), 2) vitamin D supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 200 IU vitamin D-3), 3) Ca + Vit D supplement (2 tablets per day, each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate plus 200 IU vitamin D-3), or 4) placebo (2 tablets per day, containing micro-cellulose). All groups received a2093 kJ (500 kcal) energy-restricted diet. Anthropometric measurements, body composition and serum vitamin D levels were measured before and after the intervention. Physical activity and 24 h dietary records were taken at baseline, week 4 and week 8 of the intervention. Results: There were significant reductions in body weight, body mass index, waist circumference (p<0.001 for all), and body fat mass (p<0.05) in all treatment groups after the intervention. However, the results were not significantly different among the four treatments groups after adjusting for potential covariates. Conclusion: Calcium, vitamin D, or Ca + Vit D supplements had no effect on body composition and weight loss even in low vitamin D and calcium consumers.
Consumption of Dairy Products in Relation to Changes in Anthropometric Variables in Adult Populations: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Background
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Fat Distribution and Gene Expression of Proinflammatory Factors in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Overweight and Obese People with or without Weight-Loss Diet; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight-loss diets.
Milk-Fat-Globule-Membrane-Enriched Dairy Milk Compared with a Soy-Lecithin-Enriched Beverage Did Not Adversely Affect Endotoxemia or Biomarkers of Gut Barrier Function and Cardiometabolic Risk in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial; Full-fat dairy milk may protect against cardiometabolic disorders, due to the milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), through anti-inflammatory and gut-health-promoting activities. We hypothesized that a MFGM-enriched milk beverage (MEB) would alleviate metabolic endotoxemia in metabolic syndrome (MetS) persons by improving gut barrier function and glucose tolerance. In a randomized crossover trial, MetS persons consumed for two-week period a controlled diet with MEB (2.3 g/d milk phospholipids) or a comparator beverage (COMP) formulated with soy phospholipid and palm/coconut oil. They then provided fasting blood and completed a high-fat/high-carbohydrate test meal challenge for evaluating postprandial metabolism and intestinal permeability. Participants had no adverse effects and achieved high compliance, and there were no between-trial differences in dietary intakes. Compared with COMP, fasting endotoxin, glucose, incretins, and triglyceride were unaffected by MEB. The meal challenge increased postprandial endotoxin, triglyceride, and incretins, but were unaffected by MEB. Insulin sensitivity; fecal calprotectin, myeloperoxidase, and short-chain fatty acids; and small intestinal and colonic permeability were also unaffected by MEB. This short-term study demonstrates that controlled administration of MEB in MetS persons does not affect gut barrier function, glucose tolerance, and other cardiometabolic health biomarkers, which contradicts observational evidence that full-fat milk heightens cardiometabolic risk. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03860584).
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid profile confirms compliance to a novel saturated fat-reduced, monounsaturated fat-enriched dairy product intervention in adults at moderate cardiovascular risk: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy products are a major contributor to dietary SFA. Partial replacement of milk SFA with unsaturated fatty acids (FAs) is possible through oleic-acid rich supplementation of the dairy cow diet. To assess adherence to the intervention of SFA-reduced, MUFA-enriched dairy product consumption in the RESET (REplacement of SaturatEd fat in dairy on Total cholesterol) study using 4-d weighed dietary records, in addition to plasma phospholipid FA (PL-FA) status.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on feed intake, energy balance, milk production, and composition in transition dairy cows; The objective was to investigate the effect of different dry cow feeding strategies on the degree of ketonemia postpartum. Epidemiologic studies provide evidence of an association between elevated beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) concentrations in postpartum dairy cows and a decreased risk for reproductive success as well as increased risk for several diseases in early lactation, such as displacement of the abomasum and metritis. The plane of energy fed to cows in the prepartum period has been shown to influence ketogenesis and the degree of negative energy balance postpartum. Our hypothesis was that a high-fiber, controlled-energy diet (C) fed during the dry period would lead to a lower degree of hyperketonemia in the first weeks postpartum compared with either a high-energy diet (H), or a diet where an intermediate level of energy would only be fed in the close-up period (starting at 28 d before expected parturition), following the same controlled-energy diet in the far-off period. Hyperketonemia in this study was defined as a blood BHBA concentration of >= 1.2 mmol/L. Holstein cows (n = 84) entering parity 2 or greater were enrolled using a randomized block design and housed in individual tiestalls. All treatment diets were fed for ad libitum intake and contained monensin. Cows received the same fresh cow ration after calving. Blood samples were obtained 3 times weekly before and after calving and analyzed for BHBA and nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA). Milk components, production, and dry matter intake were recorded and energy balance was calculated. Repeated measures ANOVA was conducted for the outcomes dry matter intake, energy balance, BHBA and NEFA concentrations, milk and energy-corrected milk yield, as well as milk composition. Predicted energy balance tended to be less negative postpartum in group C and cows in this group had fewer episodes of hyperketonemia compared with both the intermediate group and group H in the first 3 wk after calving. Postpartum BHBA and NEFA concentrations over time were highest in group H and lowest in group C, whereas milk production was not affected by prepartum plane of energy. Analysis of milk fatty acid composition showed a higher yield of preformed fatty acids in group H compared with group C, suggesting higher lipid mobilization for cows fed H. In this study, a 1-group, controlled-energy dry period approach decreased the degree of negative energy balance as well as the number of episodes and degree of hyperketonemia postpartum.
A Randomized Trial of High-Dairy-Protein, Variable-Carbohydrate Diets and Exercise on Body Composition in Adults with Obesity; Objective: This study determined the effects of 16-week high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate (CHO) diets and exercise training (EXT) on body composition in men and women with overweight/obesity.
Dairy consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: an updated meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Epidemiological studies to-date provided inconsistent findings on the effects of dairy consumption on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to examine the association of dairy consumption and its specific subtypes with CVD risk, including the risk of stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD) by a meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for articles published up to February 2014 to identify prospective cohort studies. Random-effects, model or fix-effects model was used to compute the summary risk estimates. Results: A total of 22 studies were eligible for analysis. An inverse association was found between dairy consumption and overall risk of CVD [9 studies; relative risk (RR)=0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.81, 0.96] and stroke (12 studies; RR-0.87, 95% CI: 0.77, 0.99). However, no association was established between dairy consumption and CHD risk (12 studies; RR=0.94, 95% CI: 0.82, 1.07). Stroke risk was significantly reduced by consumption of low-fat dairy (6 studies; RR=0.93, 95% CI: 0.88. 0.99) and cheese (4 studies; RR=0.91, 95% CI: 0.84, 0.98), and CHD risk was significantly lowered by cheese consumption (7 studies; RR=0.84, 95% CI: 0.71, 1.00). Restricting studies according to various inclusion criteria yielded similar results for CVD and CHD analyses, but showed attenuated results for stroke analysis. Heterogeneity across studies was found for stroke and CHD analyses, and publication bias was found for stroke analysis. Conclusion: This meta-analysis provided further evidence supporting the beneficial effect of dairy consumption on CVD. Low-fat dairy products and cheese may protect against stroke or CHD incidence.
Age and Sex Interact to Determine the Effects of Commonly Consumed Dairy Products on Postmeal Glycemia, Satiety, and Later Meal Food Intake in Adults; Background: Dairy consumption reduces postprandial glycemia and appetite when consumed with carbohydrates.
Effect of low-fat dairy products fortified with 1500IU nano encapsulated vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on cardiometabolic indicators in adults with abdominal obesity: a total blinded randomized controlled trial; Background & aims
A Randomized Intervention Trial of 24-wk Dairy Consumption on Waist Circumference, Blood Pressure, and Fasting Blood Sugar and Lipids in Japanese Men with Metabolic Syndrome; Dairy foods are postulated to have beneficial effects on blood pressure, body fat, serum lipids, and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. To evaluate the effects of the consumption of milk and dairy products, we performed a randomized dietary intervention trial for 24 wk in Japanese men, aged 20 to 60 y, with 2 or more components of the metabolic syndrome (Clinical trial registration: UMIN000006353). Subjects were randomized to a control group (n=98) that received dietary intervention focused on weight control supervised by registered dietitians, and a dairy-consumption group (n=102) that received both dietary intervention and regular home dairy delivery of 400 g/d for 24 wk. Co-primary endpoints included waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood sugar (PBS), and serum lipids. The dietary intervention decreased energy intake from 2,150 to 1,850 kcal/d in both groups (p<0.01). Mean rates of compliance with the dairy-consumption intervention were over 90%, resulting in increased calcium intake in the dairy-consumption group from 329 to 667 mg/d (p<0.01). Co-primary endpoints improved in both groups, but the degree of improvement was smaller in the dairy-consumption group (one-sided p=0.99). Subgroup analyses specified in the study protocol identified weight and leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) as significant effect modifiers. Differences in changes in systolic blood pressure compared with the control group were -8.0 mmHg (95% CI, -14.0 to -1.9, interaction; p<0.01) in the normal weight group and -5.8 mmHg (-11.4 to -0.2, interaction; p=0.02) in the moderate-to-high LTPA group, indicating lower systolic blood pressure in the dairy-consumption group among participants in these subgroups. In conclusion, although effects on the co-primary endpoints of dairy consumption were not shown, dairy consumption lowered systolic blood pressure in the subgroups with normal weight and moderate-to-high LTPA and lowered PBS in the subgroup with normal weight.
Is Butter Back? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Butter Consumption and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Total Mortality; Background
Effects of lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet <i>vs.</i> standard-weight-loss diet on obese and overweight adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomised clinical trial; The aim of the study was to compare the effects of a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet (LOV-D) vs. a standard weight-loss diet (SWL-D) on obese/overweight adults with NAFLD. Present randomised clinical trial recruited 75 overweight/obese adults with NAFLD, who were randomly assigned into LOV-D and SWL-D groups for 3 months. The LOV-D was designed based on eliminating meat, poultry, and fish; while including dairy products and eggs. The SWL-D was planned according to the standard food pyramid, which was free in all sources of food. Adherence to LOV-D significantly outperformed SWL-D in reducing levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), body weight, waist circumference, BMI, fasting blood sugar, insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triacylglycerol (TG), cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Furthermore, ultrasonography revealed a higher alleviation in NAFLD grade among LOV-D, compared with SWL-D. This study suggests that adherence to LOV-D for 3 months has beneficial effects on NAFLD improvement, anthropometric measures, glycaemic-related markers, and lipid profiles.
Effect of a 12-Week Polyphenol Rutin Intervention on Markers of Pancreatic β-Cell Function and Gut Microbiota in Adults with Overweight without Diabetes; Supplementation with prebiotic polyphenol rutin is a potential dietary therapy for type 2 diabetes prevention in adults with obesity, based on previous glycaemic improvement in transgenic mouse models. Gut microbiota are hypothesised to underpin these effects. We investigated the effect of rutin supplementation on pancreatic beta-cell function measured as C-peptide/glucose ratio, and 16S rRNA gene-based gut microbiota profiles, in a cohort of individuals with overweight plus normoglycaemia or prediabetes. Eighty-seven participants were enrolled, aged 18-65 years with BMI of 23-35 kg/m(2). This was a 12-week double-blind randomised controlled trial (RCT), with 3 treatments comprising (i) placebo control, (ii) 500 mg/day encapsulated rutin, and (iii) 500 mg/day rutin-supplemented yoghurt. A 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed at baseline and at the end of the trial, with faecal samples also collected. Compliance with treatment was high (similar to 90%), but rutin in both capsule and dietary format did not alter pancreatic beta-cell response to OGTT over 12 weeks. Gut bacterial community composition also did not significantly change, with Firmicutes dominating irrespective of treatment. Fasting plasma glucose negatively correlated with the abundance of the butyrate producer Roseburia inulinivorans, known for its anti-inflammatory capacity. This is the first RCT to investigate postprandial pancreatic beta-cell function in response to rutin supplementation.
Effects of calcium supplementation on body weight reduction in overweight calcium stone formers; A randomized, placebo-controlled trial was conducted in overweight calcium stone-forming (CSF) patients, to evaluate the effect of calcium supplementation associated with a calorie-restricted diet on body weight (BW) and fat reduction and its potential changes upon serum and urinary parameters. Fifteen patients were placed on a hypocaloric diet for 3 months, supplemented with either calcium carbonate (CaCO3, n = 8) or placebo (n = 7), 500 mg bid. Blood and 24-h urine samples were collected and body composition was assessed at baseline and after the intervention. At the end of the study, final BW was significantly lower vs baseline in both CaCO3 (74 +/- A 14 vs. 80 +/- A 14 kg, P = 0.01) and placebo groups (80 +/- A 10 vs. 87 +/- A 9 kg, P = 0.02) but the mean percentage of loss of body weight and body fat did not differ between CaCO3 and placebo (7.0 +/- A 2.0 vs. 8.0 +/- A 3.0%, P = 0.40 and 13.0 +/- A 7.0 vs. 13.0 +/- A 10.0%; P = 0.81, respectively). After CaCO3 or placebo, no significant differences versus baseline were observed for urinary parameters in both CaCO3 and placebo, except for a higher mean urinary citrate in placebo group. These data suggest that increasing calcium intake by calcium carbonate supplementation did not contribute to a further reduction of BW and fat in overweight CSF patients submitted to a hypocaloric diet nor altered urinary lithogenic parameters.
Probiotic plus low-calorie diet increase gene expression of Toll-like receptor 2 and FOXP3 in overweight and obese participants; We evaluated the effects of probiotic supplementation with a low-calorie diet on the gene expression of mediators of the immune system among overweight and obese individuals; participants were randomly divided into three groups of 25 each: group 1 consumed conventional yogurt with a low-calorie diet (CLCD); group 2 consumed probiotic yogurt with a low-calorie diet (PLCD) and group 3 consumed probiotic yogurt without a low calorie diet (PWLCD) for 8 weeks. Probiotic yogurt contained Lactobacillus acidophilus LAS, Lactobacillus casei DN001, Bifidobacterium lauds Bb12 and Streptococcus thermophiles (10(8) CFU/mL each). Quantitative results of RTPCR demonstrated that there was an increase in the gene expression of toll like receptor 2(TLR2) in PLCD group compared to CLCD and PWLCD groups (2.7 +/- 2.8 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.8, 1.9 +/- 1.6, respectively, P = 0.001) as well as an increase in FOXP3 gene in PLCD group compared to the other groups (11.2 +/- 6.7 vs. 6 +/- 2.5, 6.3 +/- 1.9, respectively, P < 0.001). Our study demonstrated that the 8-week consumption of PLCD among overweight and obese individuals resulted in a significant up-regulation in the expression of the TLR2.
The Effect of Dairy Products Subgroups Consumption on the Risk of Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Context: There is no global consensus on the issue that what dairy subgroups can affect diabetes; thus, this meta-analysis aims to shed light on this matter.
Influence of a supplement containing conjugated linoleic acid on dairy performance, milk fatty acid composition, and adipose tissue reactivity to lipolytic challenge in mid-lactation goats; The objective of this work was to evaluate the effect of the supplementation of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 4.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 C18:2 and 4.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 C18:2) on milk performance, milk fatty acid (FA) composition, and adipose tissue reactivity in dairy goats fed a high-concentrate diet based on corn silage. Twenty-four multiparous dairy goats in early to mid lactation were used in a 10-wk trial, with a 3-wk adaptation to the experimental total mixed ration that contained corn silage (35%, dry matter basis), beet pulp (20%), barley (15%), and a commercial concentrate (30%). Goats were randomly allocated to 2 experimental groups and they were fed 45 g/d of a lipid supplement (either CLA or Ca salts of palm oil added on top of the total mixed ration). Individual milk production and composition were recorded weekly, and milk FA composition was analyzed in wk 2, 5, and 6. In the last week of the trial, an isoproterenol challenge was performed for 12 goats before morning feeding. The CLA supplementation had no effect on dry matter intake (DMI), body weight (BW), milk yield, milk protein content, and lactose yield and content, but it significantly decreased milk fat yield and content by 18 and 15%, respectively. The decrease in milk fat yield was related to a lower secretion of FA synthesized de novo, of the medium-chain FA, and to a lesser extent of the long-chain FA that are taken up from the peripheral circulation. The CLA supplementation decreased the proportion of the sum of C16:0 and C16:1 and the sum of total cis C18:1, and it increased the proportions of the sum of long-chain (C>16) and the sum of iso FA without modification of the total trans C18:1 and the sum of FA synthesized de novo (C<16). During the first 25 min relative to isoproterenol injection, the maximal concentrations, the increases above basal concentration, the changes in area under the curve, and the total area under the curve for glucose and nonesterified FA were not affected by CLA treatment. In conclusion, CLA supplementation associated with a high-concentrate diet based on corn silage resulted in decreased milk fat yield, increased net energy balance, and it did not affect the sensitivity of the adipose tissue to lipolytic challenge in lactating goats.
Dairy consumption and body mass index: an inverse relationship; Objective: To assess the relationship between consumption of dairy products and body mass index (BMI) in Tehranian adults.
Low-fat dairy consumption improves intestinal immune function more than high-fat dairy in a diet-induced swine model of insulin resistance; Purpose To understand the effects of consuming high-fat and low-fat dairy products on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors and intestinal immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance. Methods LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental high fat diets and were fed for a total of 7 weeks: (1) Control high fat (LBW-CHF), (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of high-fat dairy (LBW-HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings of low-fat dairy (LBW-LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). At 11 weeks of age, all piglets underwent an established modified oral glucose and fat tolerance test. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized and ex vivo cytokine production by cells isolated from mesenteric lymph node (MLN) stimulated with mitogens was assessed. Results Dairy consumption did not modulate postprandial plasma lipid, inflammatory markers and glucose concentrations. A lower production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after pokeweed mitogen (PWM) stimulation was observed in LBW-CHF vs NBW-Chow (P < 0.05), suggesting impaired MLN T cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effects, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2 and TNF-alpha after PWM stimulation (P < 0.05). Conclusions Irrespective of fat content, dairy had a neutral effect on postprandial cardiometabolic risk factors. Low-fat dairy products improved intestinal T cell function to a greater extent than high-fat dairy in this swine model of obesity and insulin resistance.
Effect of dairy calcium from cheese and milk on fecal fat excretion, blood lipids, and appetite in young men; Background: Calcium from different dairy sources might affect blood lipids and fecal fat excretion differently because of differences in the food matrix and nutritional composition.
Effect of a Multicomponent mHealth Intervention on the Composition of Diet in a Population with Overweight and Obesity-Randomized Clinical Trial EVIDENT 3; A balanced diet can help in the prevention of chronic diseases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an mHealth intervention on the distribution of macronutrients and the intake of food groups. A total of 650 participants were included in this multi-center, clinical, randomized, controlled trial (Evident 3 study). All participants were given brief advice about diet and exercise. The intervention group received, in addition, an app (Evident 3) for the self-recording of their diet and an activity tracker wristband for 3 months. Follow-up visits were performed at 3 and 12 months to collect the diet composition using the Food Frequency Questionnaire. There were decreases in the intake of total calories, fat, protein and carbohydrates in both groups throughout the study, without significant differences between them. The intervention group reduced the intake of cholesterol (-30.8; 95% CI -59.9, -1.7) and full-fat dairies (-23.3; 95% CI -42.8, -3.8) and increased the intake of wholemeal bread (3.3; 95% CI -6.7, 13.3) and whole-grain cereals (3.4; 95% CI -6.8, 13.7) with respect to the control group. No differences were found in the rest of the nutritional parameters. The brief advice is useful to promote a healthier diet, and the app can be a support tool to obtain changes in relevant foods, such as integral foods, and the intake of cholesterol. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov with identifier NCT03175614.
Acute C-Terminal Crosslinking Telopeptide of Type I Collagen (CTX-1) Suppression with Milk Calcium or Calcium Carbonate Is Independent of Visceral Fat in a Randomized Crossover Study in Lean and Overweight Postmenopausal Women; Background: Postmenopausal women with higher visceral adipose tissue (VAT) present with suppressed bone resorption (lower C-terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen; CTX-1) and turnover (lower osteocalcin) but whether this blunts the effect of calcium is unknown.
Meta-analysis of traditional Chinese patent medicine for ischemic stroke; Background and Purpose - A large number of traditional Chinese patent medicine ( TCPM) are widely used for ischemic stroke in China. The aim of this study was to systematically review the existing clinical evidence on TCPM for ischemic stroke.
Effect of arginine supplementation on the production of milk fat in dairy cows; Arginine, one of the conditionally essential AA, has been reported to affect fat synthesis and metabolism in nonruminant animals by influencing adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase (AMPK) in some organs. In dairy cows, the effect of Arg on milk fat production is not clear, and any potential mechanism that underlies the effect is unknown. We tested the hypothesis that Arg infusion would improve the production of milk fat, and explored possible mechanism that might underlie any effect. We used 6 healthy lactating cows at 20 +/- 2 d in milk, in fourth parity, with a body weight of 508 +/- 14 kg, body condition score of 3.0 +/- 0, and a milk yield of 30.6 +/- 1.8 kg/d (mean +/- standard deviation). The cows were blocked by days in milk and milk yield and each cow received 3 treatments in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design, with each of the experimental periods lasting 7 d with a 14-d washout between each period. The treatments, delivered in random order, were (1) infusion of saline (control); (2) infusion of 0.216 mol/d of l-Arg in saline (Arg); (3) infusion of 0.868 mol/d of l-Ala in saline (the Arg and Ala treatments were iso-nitrogenous) through a jugular vein. On the last day of each experimental period, blood was sampled to measure insulin, nitric oxide, glucose, and nonesterified fatty acid, and the liver and mammary gland were biopsied to measure the expression of genes. Milk yield was recorded, and milk fat percentage was measured daily during each of the experimental periods. The yield and composition of fatty acid (FA) in milk was measured daily on the last 3 d during each of the experimental periods. The data were analyzed using a mixed model with treatment as a fixed factor, and cow, period, and block as random factors. The daily milk yield and milk fat yield when the cows were infused with Arg were 2.2 kg and 76 g, respectively, higher than that in control, and 1.8 kg and 111 g, respectively, higher than that in Ala. When the cows were infused with Arg they had higher concentration and yield of de novo synthesized FA, than when they received the control or Ala infusions, although milk fat percentage, daily feed intake, and the digestibility of nutrients were not affected by treatment. The serum concentration of nitric oxide and insulin were higher during Arg than during control or Ala, with no difference between control and Ala. In the liver, the expression of the genes coding for AMPK (PRKAA1, PRKAB1, and PRKAG1) and genes related to the oxidation of FA were higher during Arg than during control or Ala, whereas in the mammary gland the expression PRKAB1 was lowest, and the expression of genes involved in the synthesis of milk fat were highest, during Arg infusion. The results suggest the intravenous infusion of Arg enhanced the production of milk fat by promoting the de novo synthesis of FA and increasing milk yield.
The Impact of Dairy Products in the Development of Type 2 Diabetes: Where Does the Evidence Stand in 2019?; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has increased rapidly. Adopting a heathy diet is suggested as one of the effective behaviors to prevent or delay onset of T2D. Dairy consumption has been recommended as part of a healthy diet, but there remains uncertainty in both the scientific community and the public about the effect of different dairy products on T2D risk. In a recent workshop, the evidence on dairy products and T2D risk was presented and discussed by a group of experts. The main conclusions from the workshop are presented in this position paper and are as follows. 1) Available evidence from large prospective cohort studies and limited randomized controlled trials (RCTs) suggests that total dairy consumption has a neutral or moderately beneficial effect on T2D risk. 2) Increasing evidence from prospective cohort studies indicates that yogurt is most strongly associated with a lower T2D risk, but evidence from RCTs is scarce. 3) Fatty acids from dairy (medium-chain, odd, and very long-chain SFAs as well as trans-palmitoleic acid) are associated with lower T2D risk and improved metabolic health, but more research is needed on studies that explore cause and effect relations to exclude the possibility that the dairy fatty acids simply serve as markers of overall dairy consumption. 4) The food matrix can be a stronger determinant of health effects than SFA content. This review further identifies research gaps in the existing knowledge and highlights key research questions that need to be addressed to better understand the impact of dairy consumption on future T2D risk.
Effects of diets rich in ghee or olive oil on cardiometabolic risk factors in healthy adults: a two-period, crossover, randomised trial; This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular health-related effects of consuming ghee in the usual diet. Thirty healthy men and women were studied in a free-living outpatient regimen. The participants were instructed for the isoenergetic inclusion of ghee or olive oil in their diets for 4 weeks using a randomised crossover design. At the end of run-in (baseline), 2-week wash-out and interventions, fasting blood samples were drawn. In addition, 2-h postprandial blood samples were collected after ingestion of a meal containing olive oil or ghee at week 4 of each dietary intervention. Body weight was not different between the two interventions. Compared with the olive oil, the diet with ghee increased fasting plasma apo-B (apo B) (0 center dot 09, 95 % CI 0 center dot 02, 0 center dot 17 g/l, P = 0 center dot 018), non-HDL-cholesterol (non-HDL-cholesterol) (0 center dot 53, 95 % CI 0 center dot 01, 1 center dot 05 mmol/l, P = 0 center dot 046) and LDL-cholesterol did not differ significantly between diet groups (0 center dot 29, 95 % CI -0 center dot 05, 0 center dot 63 mmol/l, P = 0 center dot 092), but had no significant effect on total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio (0 center dot 75, 95 % CI - 0 center dot 24 to 1 center dot 74 mmol/l, P = 0 center dot 118). No significant difference was observed in fasting as well as 2-h postprandial plasma TAG, glucose, insulin and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 concentrations. This study showed that ghee that is predominantly saturated fats had an increasing effect on plasma apo B and non-HDL-cholesterol compared with olive oil, adding further evidence to the existing recommendations to replace dietary fats high in SFA with dietary fats high in unsaturated fats to reduce CVD risk.
Milk Products, Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure Management; High blood pressure (BP) is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, congestive heart failure, and kidney disease, Inverse associations between dairy product consumption and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) have been observed in cross-sectional studies; some studies, however, have reported an inverse association with only one BP parameter, predominantly SBP. Randomized clinical trials examining the effect of calcium and the combination of calcium, potassium and magnesium provide evidence for causality. In these studies, reductions in BP were generally modest (-1.27 to -4.6 mmHg for SBP, and -0.24 to -3.8 mmHg for DBP). Dairy nutrients, most notably calcium, potassium and magnesium, have been shown to have a blood pressure lowering effect. A low calcium intake increases intracellular calcium concentrations which increases 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 and parathyroid hormone (PTH), causing calcium influx into vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in greater vascular resistance. New research indicates that dairy peptides may act as angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, thereby inhibiting the renin angiotensin system with consequent vasodilation. A growing evidence base shows that dairy product consumption is involved in the regulation of BP. Consequently, inclusion of dairy products in a heart healthy diet is an important focal point to attain BP benefits.
Position statement on nutrition therapy for overweight and obesity: nutrition department of the Brazilian association for the study of obesity and metabolic syndrome (ABESO-2022); Obesity is a chronic disease resulting from multifactorial causes mainly related to lifestyle (sedentary lifestyle, inadequate eating habits) and to other conditions such as genetic, hereditary, psychological, cultural, and ethnic factors. The weight loss process is slow and complex, and involves lifestyle changes with an emphasis on nutritional therapy, physical activity practice, psychological interventions, and pharmacological or surgical treatment. Because the management of obesity is a long-term process, it is essential that the nutritional treatment contributes to the maintenance of the individual's global health. The main diet-related causes associated with excess weight are the high consumption of ultraprocessed foods, which are high in fats, sugars, and have high energy density; increased portion sizes; and low intake of fruits, vegetables, and grains. In addition, some situations negatively interfere with the weight loss process, such as fad diets that involve the belief in superfoods, the use of teas and phytotherapics, or even the avoidance of certain food groups, as has currently been the case for foods that are sources of carbohydrates. Individuals with obesity are often exposed to fad diets and, on a recurring basis, adhere to proposals with promises of quick solutions, which are not supported by the scientific literature. The adoption of a dietary pattern combining foods such as grains, lean meats, low-fat dairy, fruits, and vegetables, associated with an energy deficit, is the nutritional treatment recommended by the main international guidelines. Moreover, an emphasis on behavioral aspects including motivational interviewing and the encouragement for the individual to develop skills will contribute to achieve and maintain a healthy weight. Therefore, this Position Statement was prepared based on the analysis of the main randomized controlled studies and meta-analyses that tested different nutrition interventions for weight loss. Topics in the frontier of knowledge such as gut microbiota, inflammation, and nutritional genomics, as well as the processes involved in weight regain, were included in this document. This Position Statement was prepared by the Nutrition Department of the Brazilian Association for the Study of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (ABESO), with the collaboration of dietitians from research and clinical fields with an emphasis on strategies for weight loss.
Incorporating Milk Protein Isolate into an Energy-Restricted Western-Style Eating Pattern Augments Improvements in Blood Pressure and Triglycerides, but Not Body Composition Changes in Adults Classified as Overweight or Obese: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Unhealthy Western-style eating patterns (WSEP) predominate, adversely affecting health. Resistance to improving dietary patterns prompts interest to incorporate a potentially health-promoting ingredient into typical WSEP foods and beverages. We assessed the effect of incorporating isocalorically matched carbohydrates versus milk protein isolate (MPI) into a WSEP on weight loss-induced changes in cardiometabolic health and body composition. In a randomized, double-blind, parallel-design study, 44 participants (age 52 +/- 1 years, body mass index (BMI) 31.4 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2), mean +/- standard error) consumed a weight maintenance WSEP (0.8 g total protein/kg/day) for 3 weeks (baseline). After, participants consumed an energy-restricted (750 kcal/day below estimated requirement) WSEP for 16 weeks, randomly assigned to contain either an additional 0.7 g carbohydrate/kg/d (CON: n = 23, 0.8 g total protein/kg/day) or 0.7 g protein/kg/d from MPI (MPI: n = 21, 1.5 g total protein/kg/day) incorporated into foods and beverages. Compared to CON, the MPI favored reductions in average 24 h and sleeping systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), waking hours systolic BP, and fasting plasma triglyceride concentrations. Reductions in fasting plasma insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were not different between groups. Among all participants, whole body mass, lean mass, fat mass, and thigh muscle area, each decreased over time. For adults finding it difficult to deviate from a WSEP, replacing a portion of their carbohydrate with foods and beverages containing MPI may be an effective dietary strategy to reduce BP after weight loss.
Acetate Dose-Dependently Stimulates Milk Fat Synthesis in Lactating Dairy Cows; Background: Acetate is a short-chain fatty acid (FA) that is especially important to cows because it is the major substrate for de novo FA synthesis. However, the effect of acetate supply on mammary lipid synthesis is not clear.
Consumption of dairy products and CVD risk: results from the French prospective cohort NutriNet-Sante; In France, dairy products contribute to dietary saturated fat intake, of which reduced consumption is often recommended for CVD prevention. Epidemiological evidence on the association between dairy consumption and CVD risk remains unclear, suggesting either null or inverse associations. This study aimed to investigate the associations between dairy consumption (overall and specific foods) and CVD risk in a large cohort of French adults. This prospective analysis included participants aged >= 18 years from the NutriNet-Sante cohort (2009-2019). Daily dietary intakes were collected using 24-h dietary records. Total dairy, milk, cheese, yogurts, fermented and reduced-fat dairy intakes were investigated. CVD cases (n 1952) included cerebrovascular disease (n 878 cases) and CHD (n 1219 cases). Multivariable Cox models were performed to investigate associations. This analysis included 104 805 French adults (mean age at baseline 42 center dot 8 (sd 14 center dot 6) years, mean follow-up 5 center dot 5 (sd 3 center dot 0) years, i.e. 579 155 person-years). There were no significant associations between dairy intakes and total CVD or CHD risks. However, the consumption of at least 160 g/d of fermented dairy (e.g. cheese and yogurts) was associated with a reduced risk of cerebrovascular diseases compared with intakes below 57 g/d (hazard ratio = 0 center dot 81 (95 % CI 0 center dot 66, 0 center dot 98), P (trend) = 0 center dot 01). Despite being a major dietary source of saturated fats, dairy consumption was not associated with CVD or CHD risks in this study. However, fermented dairy was associated with a lower cerebrovascular disease risk. Robust randomised controlled trials are needed to further assess the impact of consuming different dairy foods on CVD risk and potential underlying mechanisms.
The impact of ethnicity and intra-pancreatic fat on the postprandial metabolome response to whey protein in overweight Asian Chinese and European Caucasian women with prediabetes; The "Thin on the Outside Fat on the Inside" TOFI_Asia study found Asian Chinese to be more susceptible to Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) compared to European Caucasians matched for gender and body mass index (BMI). This was influenced by degree of visceral adipose deposition and ectopic fat accumulation in key organs, including liver and pancreas, leading to altered fasting plasma glucose, insulin resistance, and differences in plasma lipid and metabolite profiles. It remains unclear how intra-pancreatic fat deposition (IPFD) impacts TOFI phenotype-related T2D risk factors associated with Asian Chinese. Cow's milk whey protein isolate (WPI) is an insulin secretagogue which can suppress hyperglycemia in prediabetes. In this dietary intervention, we used untargeted metabolomics to characterize the postprandial WPI response in 24 overweight women with prediabetes. Participants were classified by ethnicity (Asian Chinese, n=12; European Caucasian, n=12) and IPFD (low IPFD < 4.66%, n=10; high IPFD >= 4.66%, n=10). Using a cross-over design participants were randomized to consume three WPI beverages on separate occasions; 0 g (water control), 12.5 g (low protein, LP) and 50 g (high protein, HP), consumed when fasted. An exclusion pipeline for isolating metabolites with temporal (T0-240mins) WPI responses was implemented, and a support vector machine-recursive feature elimination (SVM-RFE) algorithm was used to model relevant metabolites by ethnicity and IPFD classes. Metabolic network analysis identified glycine as a central hub in both ethnicity and IPFD WPI response networks. A depletion of glycine relative to WPI concentration was detected in Chinese and high IPFD participants independent of BMI. Urea cycle metabolites were highly represented among the ethnicity WPI metabolome model, implicating a dysregulation in ammonia and nitrogen metabolism among Chinese participants. Uric acid and purine synthesis pathways were enriched within the high IPFD cohort's WPI metabolome response, implicating adipogenesis and insulin resistance pathways. In conclusion, the discrimination of ethnicity from WPI metabolome profiles was a stronger prediction model than IPFD in overweight women with prediabetes. Each models' discriminatory metabolites enriched different metabolic pathways that help to further characterize prediabetes in Asian Chinese women and women with increased IPFD, independently.
Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials on calcium supplements and dairy products for changes in body weight and obesity indices; This meta-analysis was performed to investigate whether calcium supplements and dairy products change obesity indices including fat mass. Original articles published in English between July 2009 and August 2019 were identified. Ten and 14 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with >= 12 weeks interventions of calcium supplements and dairy products among overweight or obese adults aged >= 18 were critically reviewed. Mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) were obtained using a random effect meta-analysis. Dairy products significantly changed fat mass (SMD, 95% CI; -0.40 [-0.77, -0.02]) and BMI (MD, 95% CI: -0.46 kg/m2 [-0.67, -0.26]), and calcium supplements also showed changes in fat mass (SMD, 95% CI; -0.15[-0.28, -0.02]). However, in the analysis of RCTs with low risk of bias scores, the significant changes remained only in the dairy-products intervention. Our findings suggest that dairy products without distinction of fat percentage may help reduce fat mass and BMI, but calcium supplements may not.
Effect of β-casein A1 or A2 milk on body composition, milk intake, and growth in Holstein, Simmental, and crossbred dairy calves of both sexes; The aim of this study was to compare the effects of feeding homozygous (3-CN A1 or A2 milk on the body composition, milk intake, and growth of German Holstein (GH), German Simmental (GS), and crossbred (CR) dairy calves of both sexes during the first 2 wk of life. A total of 104 calves (n = 54 female, f; and n = 50 male, m) from the breed groups GH (n = 23), GS (n = 61), and crossbred GH x GS (n = 20) were evaluated. Calves were weighed after birth and received colostrum ad libitum. On the second day, calves were alternately housed in pairs in double-igloo systems according to their random birth order and received either A1 milk (n = 52; 27 female and 25 male) or A2 milk (n = 52; 27 female and 25 male). They were offered 7.5 L/d, and the individual actual total milk intake was recorded. Daily energy-corrected milk intake was also calculated based on the milk composition (fat and protein). Fecal scores were recorded daily. On d 15, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) volume was assessed by open magnetic resonance imaging and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). In addition, fat and lean mass (g), as well as bone mineral content (g) and bone mineral density (g/cm2), 2 ), were determined by DXA. The body composition, milk intake, and growth were similar between the 2 types of milk in the first 2 wk of life. Female calves had more VAT and fat mass, but less lean mass than male calves. GH and CR calves had more VAT and less lean mass than GS calves. Male calves were heavier than female calves after birth and on d 15. The average days with diarrhea and diarrhea occurrence were similar between calves fed A1 and A2 milk and between both sex groups. GS calves presented slightly more days with diarrhea and increased odds of having diarrhea compared with GH calves, not differing from CR.
Fermented Dairy Products, Probiotic Supplementation, and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Fermented dairy foods (FDFs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs), respectively. The relation between the regular consumption of FDFs and CMD risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (PCSs), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on CMD parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. Twenty PCSs and 52 RCTs met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. In PCSs, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [RR (95% CI); 0.96 (0.94, 0.98)]; yogurt intake was associated with a risk reduction of 27% [RR (95% CI); 0.73 (0.70, 0.76)] for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 20% [RR (95% CI); 0.80 (0.74, 0.87)] for metabolic syndrome development. In RCTs, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices produced a greater reduction in lipid biomarkers than when added into capsules/powder in hypercholesterolemic subjects, and probiotic supplementation by capsules/powder produced a greater reduction in T2D biomarkers than when added into dairy matrices in diabetic subjects. Both treatments (dairy matrix and capsules/powder) resulted in a significant reduction in anthropometric parameters in obese subjects. In summary, fermented milk consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, while yogurt intake is associated with a reduced risk of T2D and metabolic syndrome development in the general population. Furthermore, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices could be considered beneficial for lowering lipid concentrations and reducing anthropometric parameters. Additionally, probiotic capsule/powder supplementation could contribute to T2D management and reduce anthropometric parameters. However, these results should be interpreted with caution due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the different probiotic strains used in the studies.
Effect of partial exchange of lactose with fat in milk replacer on ad libitum feed intake and performance in dairy calves; Compared with Holstein whole milk, commercial milk replacers (MR) for calves deliver relatively high levels of lactose and low levels of fat, and protein levels are rather comparable, resulting in a lower energy density and energy-to-protein ratio of the diet. Thus, the objective of this study was to determine the effects of partially exchanging lactose with fat in MR on voluntary feed intake, growth performance, and feeding behavior. Thirty-two male Holstein calves (2.1 +/- 0.16 d of age, 46.4 +/- 0.77 kg of body weight; BW) were assigned to 16 blocks of 2 calves per block based on arrival date and serum IgG. Within each block, calves were randomly assigned to 2 treatments: a high-lactose MR (HL; 17% fat; 44% lactose), or a high-fat MR (HF; 23% fat; 37% lactose). Lactose was exchanged by fat on a weight per weight basis, resulting in a 6% difference in metabolizable energy density per kilogram of MR. The experiment was divided into 3 phases: preweaning (P1; 0-35 d), weaning (P2; 36-56 d), and postweaning (P3; 57-84 d). For the first 2 wk of P1, calves were individually housed, fed their respective MR ad libitum through teat buckets, and provided access to water. At 14.2 +/- 0.5 d of age, calves were group-housed (4 blocks/pen, 8 calves) and housed in group pens for the remainder of the study. In the group pens, calves were fed ad libitum MR, starter feed, chopped wheat straw, and water via automated feeders. During P2, calves were gradually weaned until complete milk withdrawal by 57 d and then monitored until 84 d (P3). Measurements included daily intakes and feeding behavior (rewarded and unrewarded visits), weekly BW and body measurements, and biweekly blood samples. Increasing fat content at the expense of lactose decreased MR intake during P1 by 15% (HL = 1.32 +/- 0.04; HF = 1.17 +/- 0.04 kg of dry matter per day), whereas total starter intake was not affected by MR composition. Once MR was restricted during P2, HL calves were reported to have more unrewarded visits to the automatic milk feeder than HF calves (11.9 +/- 0.95 vs. 8.4 +/- 1.03 visits/d, respectively). Crude protein intake was higher for HL calves during P1 (352.1 +/- 11.2 vs. 319.6 +/- 11.6 g/d), which was attributed to the higher intake of MR during that period, and metabolizable energy intake and protein-to-energy ratio remained comparable between treatments. Plasma cholesterol and nonesterified fatty acids levels were higher in HF calves as a consequence of the diet. Nevertheless, final BW (84 d) did not differ between treatments. Overall, calves fed ad libitum seemed to regulate their intake of MR based on its energy density, without significant effects on solid feed intake and overall growth.
A Daily Snack Containing Leafy Green Vegetables, Fruit, and Milk before and during Pregnancy Prevents Gestational Diabetes in a Randomized, Controlled Trial in Mumbai, India; Background: Prospective observational studies suggest that maternal diets rich in leafy green vegetables and fruit may help prevent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid and acetate on milk fat synthesis and adipose lipogenesis in lactating dairy cows; During biohydrogenation-induced Milk fat depression (MFD), nutrients are spared from milk fat synthesis and are available for other metabolic uses. Acetate is the major carbon source spared and it may increase lipid synthesis in adipose tissue during MFD. The objective of this study was to compare the effect of trans-10,cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and the amount of acetate spared during CLA-induced MFD on adipose tissue lipogenesis. Nine multiparous, lactating, ruminally cannulated Holstein cows (244 +/- 107 d in milk; 25 +/- 8.4 kg of milk/d; mean standard deviation) were randomly assigned to treatments in a 3 x 3 Latin square design. Experimental periods were 4 d followed by a 10-d washout. Treatments were control (CON), ruminal infusion of acetate (AC; continuous infusion of 7 mol/d adjusted to pH 6.1 with sodium hydroxide), or abomasal infusion of CLA (10 g/d of both trans-10, cis-12 CLA and cis-9,trans-11 CLA). Dry matter intake, milk yield, and milk protein yield and percentage were not affected by treatments. Compared with CON, milk fat yield decreased 23% and fat percent decreased 28% in CLA, and milk fat yield increased 20% in AC. Concentration and yield of milk de novo synthesized fatty acids (<C16) were reduced and concentration of preformed fatty acids (>C16) was increased by CLA, compared with CON. Yield of de novo synthesized fatty acids and palmitic acid was increased by AC, compared with CON. Lipogenesis capacity of adipose tissue explants was decreased 72% by CLA, but was not affected by AC. Acetate oxidation by adipose explants was not affected by treatments. Treatments had no effect on expression of key lipogenic factors, lipogenic enzymes, and leptin; however, expression of fatty acid binding protein 4 was reduced in CLA compared with CON. Additionally, hormone-sensitive lipase and perilipin 1 were decreased by CLA and acetate. Plasma glucose and glucagon concentrations were not affected by treatments; however, CLA increased nonesterified fatty acids 17.7%, beta-hydroxybutyrate 16.1%, and insulin 27.8% compared with CON, and AC increased plasma 13-hydroxybutyrate 18%. In conclusion, during CLA-induced MFD in low-producing cow adipose tissue was sensitive to the anti-lipogenic effects of CLA, while spared acetate did not stimulate adipose lipogenesis. However, acetate may play an important role in stimulating lipogenesis and improving energy status in the mammary gland under normal conditions.
Developing Enteral Feeding Formulas for Stroke Patients Using Lactose-Free Milk and Mung Bean as The Non-Dairy Protein Source; This study aimed at developing two enteral feeding formulas; the milk-based Lactose-free Enteral Food (LEF) and a Mung Bean based Enteral Food (BEF) to replace the milk protein. This study used a complete randomized design. The factors that were tested were lactose-free-milk of 10, 14, and 18% (L1, L2, and L3 respectively); and the mung beans formulas of 7, 8, 9, and 10% (B0 or control, B1, B2, and B3 respectively). The parameters that were measured on the enteral feeding were osmolality value (osmometer), thickness, and nutritional content. The results showed that the osmolality value of the LEF was lower than the commercial product. Meanwhile, the osmolality value of the BEF was higher than control (p<0.05). Based on the estimated calorie density, the best formula of LEF was the L3. Whereas, the best formula of BEF was L1. We tested the qualitative thickness of the formula using gravity method, and all formulas were found to have good level of thickness due to the absence of obstruction while passing through the NGT (size of NGT=14 Fr). The nutritional content per serving size of 250 ml L3 formula was 6.3 g protein, 10.4 g fat, 35.5 g carbohydrates, 93.23 mg Na, and 189.55 mg K. The nutritional content per serving size of 200 ml B3 formula was 6.49 g protein, 2.67 g fat, 13.58 g carbohydrates, 73.15 mg Na, and 257.96 mg K. Therefore, L3 and B3 can be developed further as the alternative enteral food diet formulas for stroke patients
Dietary selenium intake in lactating dairy cows modifies fatty acid composition and volatile profile of milk and 30-day-ripened caciotta cheese; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of dietary selenium supplementation of dairy cows on chemical-nutritional and aromatic properties of milk and related caciotta cheese. 34 Friesian cows were randomly assigned to two groups. The control group (CG) received a conventional feeding strategy, while the experimental group (EG) was fed with a daily selenomethionine supplementation. Dietary selenium integration did not induce variations on milk yield and composition, but induced a marked decrease in somatic cell count. Both in milk and cheese the EG samples showed an increase in linoleic and rumenic acids. The volatile profile of dairy products was also positively affected by dietary selenium intake, with a decrease in concentration of hexanoic acid, hexanal, heptanal, and an increase in ethyl hexanoate, delta-octalactone, delta-decalactone, 2-heptanone, and 2-nonanone. Such findings could contribute to the production of cheeses with interesting nutritional and organoleptic properties, although further sensorial evaluations should be performed to deeply investigate the consumer acceptability.
Influence of CReatine supplementation on mUScle mass and strength after stroke (ICaRUS Stroke Trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background Stroke is a leading cause of mortality and disability, and its sequelae are associated with inadequate food intake which can lead to sarcopenia. The aim of this study is to verify the effectiveness of creatine supplementation on functional capacity, strength, and changes in muscle mass during hospitalization for stroke compared to usual care. An exploratory subanalysis will be performed to assess the inflammatory profiles of all participants, in addition to a follow-up 90 days after stroke, to verify functional capacity, muscle strength, mortality, and quality of life.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Modifies Plasma Glucose Concentrations and Glycated Hemoglobin: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Dairy product intake is inversely associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in numerous cohort studies; yet, the beneficial effects of increased dairy product intake on T2D risk factors such as fasting plasma glucose, fasting insulin, insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) remain inconclusive in clinical trials. The objective of this study was to systematically review clinical trials observing the effects of elevated compared with minimal intake of dairy products on T2D risk factors in subjects without diabetes. Five databases [Medline, EMBASE, Central, CINAHL, AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine)] were searched to identify randomized controlled trials that used elevated quantities of dairy products fromruminant sources in comparison with a lower intake in control groups. The review outcomeswere fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and HbA1c. Risk of bias and quality of evidence according to Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation were addressed. From the 10,627 citations screened, 44 studies (3016 participants) were included, 38 of which were used in the meta-analyses. Fasting glucose was positively associated with elevated dairy intake [34 studies, n = 2678; mean difference (MD): 0.07 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.12 mmol/L; P = 0.01, I-2 = 23%]. Fasting insulin (29 studies, n = 1902; MD: -2.97 pmol/L; 95% CI: -7.05, 1.10 pmol/L; P = 0.15, I-2 = 21%) and HOMA-IR (13 studies, n = 840; standardized MD: -0.07; 95% CI: -0.26, 0.12; P = 0.49, I-2 = 38%) were not associated with elevated dairy consumption. HbA1c was negatively associated with elevated dairy product intake in 4 studies (n = 512; MD: -0.09%; 95% CI: -0.09%, -0.03%; P= 0.005, I-2 = 0%). Most studies had high risk of bias and the quality of evidence was very low or low. In conclusion, evidence suggests that elevated dairy product intake is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose concentrations together with reduced HbA1c in nondiabetic subjects. Hence, the clinical significance of these results remains uncertain. Additional well-designed, long-term studies are required.
Increased postprandial glycaemia, insulinemia, and lipidemia after 10 weeks' sucrose-rich diet compared to an artificially sweetened diet: a randomised controlled trial; Background: The importance of exchanging sucrose for artificial sweeteners on risk factors for developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases is not yet clear.
Efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D<sub>3</sub> on systemic inflammation in adults with abdominal obesity; Background The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is increasing globally and is associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndrome, autoimmune disease, and cardiovascular disease. Vit D deficiency is also associated with increased systemic inflammation. The current study aimed to determine the efficacy of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D, on systemic inflammation in abdominal obese participants. Method This multi-center study was conducted using a 2.5-month parallel total-blind randomized clinical trial design. Two hundred and eighty nine subjects were allocated to four groups: low-fat milk fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 (200 mL/day). Simple milk (200 mL/day), low-fat yogurt fortified by 1500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 (150 g/day), and simple yogurt (150 g/day). Results The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets and red blood cell distribution width (RDW) were significantly lower before and after the intervention in fortified dairy groups. The results showed that serum levels of neutrophils, lymphocytes, platelets, and RDW before and after intervention in the fortified dairy groups were significantly lower (p < 0.05). The values of = neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelets to lymphocyte ratio, and RDW to platelets ratio (RPR) reduced significantly in the fortification group (p < 0.05). Conclusion Fortification with nano-encapsulated vitamin D-3 of dairy products may decrease inflammation in individuals with abdominal obesity.
Fermented dairy foods rich in probiotics and cardiometabolic risk factors: a narrative review from prospective cohort studies; Probiotic foods, including fermented dairy (FD) products such as yogurt and cheese, naturally contain live microorganisms, but the relationship between the consumption of probiotic foods and health is unclear. The aim of the present narrative review is to integrate the available information on the relationship between the most studied FD products, which are yogurt and cheese, and cardiometabolic risk factors obtained from meta-analysis, systematic reviews of prospective cohort studies (PCSs) and PCSs published up to 2 November 2019. Additionally, the effects identified by randomized controlled trials of less-studied FD products, such as kefir and kimchi, on cardiometabolic risk factors are provided. PCSs have shown that the consumption of cheese, despite its high saturated fat content, is not associated with expected hypercholesterolemia and an increased cardiovascular risk. PCSs have revealed that the total consumption of FD appears to be associated with a lower risk of developing stroke and cardiovascular disease. The consumption of yogurt seems to be associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. There is a lack of sufficient evidence of a protective relationship between FD or cheese consumption and metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the association of FD, cheese and yogurt with hypertension needs further evidence. In conclusion, the intake of fermented foods containing probiotics, particularly yogurt and cheese (of an undetermined type), opens up new opportunities for the management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Protective effects of cinnamon powder against hyperlipidemia and hepatotoxicity in butter fed female albino mice; A butter-enriched high-fat diet changes lipid metabolism, resulting in fat storage, hyperlipidemia and obesity. Effects of cinnamon powder were investigated in butter-fed mice. 40 Swiss Albino mice, aged 28 to 30 days, were randomly assigned into two groups. Group A was an untreated control group (n = 8) and another group (n = 32) was a butter-treated group fed 10% butter. In the fifth week, mice of the butter-fed group were further divided into four equal groups: B, C, D, and E (n = 8), fed 10% butter with cinnamon 200 mg, 400 mg, and 600 mg powder per liter drinking water, respectively for 10 weeks. The butter-fed group was gained the most weight. Cinnamon supplementation significantly normalized weight gain and had no harmful effects on hematological parameters. Butter supplementation significantly increased total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-c) whereas, cinnamon powder significantly reduced TC, LDL-c and glucose levels. In butter-fed mice, a significant increase was observed in the liver enzymes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels with subsequent fat deposition in the liver. Excitingly, these enzymes were decreased and no fat depositions were observed in the liver of cinnamon-treated mice. Applying different concentrations of cinnamon powder improved the lipid profile in butter-fed female albino mice. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University.
Effect of High versus Low Dairy Consumption on the Gut Microbiome: Results of a Randomized, Cross-Over Study; The influence of dairy on the gut microbiome has not been studied extensively. We performed a randomized cross-over study to analyze the effect of high dairy intake on the gut microbiome. Subjects were randomly assigned to a high-dairy diet (HDD) (5-6 dairy portions per day) and a low-dairy diet (LDD) (<= 1 dairy portion per day) for 6 weeks with a washout period of 4 weeks in between both diets. The gut microbiome was assessed using 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Compositionality and functionality of the gut microbiome was assessed using Quantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME) and Phylogenetic Investigation of Communities by Reconstruction of Unobserved States (PICRUSt). Stool consistency was evaluated using the Bristol stool chart. In total, 46 healthy overweight subjects (BMI range 25-30 kg/m(2)) completed both intervention periods. During the HDD, there was a significantly higher abundance of the generaStreptococcus,Leuconostoc, andLactococcus, and the speciesStreptococcusthermophilus,ErysipelatoclostridiumramosumandLeuconostocmesenteroides(p(FDR)< 0.10). Furthermore, during the HDD, there was a significantly lower abundance of the generaFaecalibacteriumandBilophila, and the speciesFaecalibacteriumprausnitzii,Clostridiumaldenense,Acetivibrioethanolgignens,BilophilawadsworthiaandLactococcuslactis(p(FDR)< 0.10). There were eight subjects who became constipated during the HDD and these subjects all had a lower abundance ofF. prausnitzii. This is the first cross-over study in which the effect of an HDD compared to an LDD on the gut microbiome has been studied. An HDD led to a significantly different composition of the gut microbiome, with a particularly lower abundance ofF. prausnitziiand a higher abundance ofS. thermophilus. Constipation was observed in several subjects during the HDD. Predicted metabolic pathways were not significantly altered due to an HDD.
Butter naturally enriched in <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 CLA prevents hyperinsulinemia and increases both serum HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels in rats; Background: Evidence from in vitro and animal studies indicates that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) possesses anti-diabetic properties, which appear to be attributed to cis-9, trans-11 CLA, the major CLA isomer in ruminant fat. However, there is a shortage of studies addressing CLA from natural source. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of butter naturally enriched in cis-9, trans-11 CLA on parameters related to glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and dyslipidemia in rats.
The effects of proteins and medium-chain fatty acids from milk on body composition, insulin sensitivity and blood pressure in abdominally obese adults; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether intake of whey protein and butter naturally enriched in medium-chain fatty acids (MC-SFAs) (C6-C12) affected body composition, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure (BP) and plasma cholesterol concentrations.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients.
Variable Glycemic Responses to Intact and Hydrolyzed Milk Proteins in Overweight and Obese Adults Reveal the Need for Precision Nutrition; Background: Dietary modifications can contribute to improved pancreatic beta cell function and enhance glycemic control.
The effect of fresh goat's milk on the anthropometric overview in healthy women; Context: Most people believe that goat milk contains high fat; therefore, regular consumption of goat milk will increase body weight. This assumption needs to be proven to be able to utilize the use of milk to improve public health.
Whey Protein Supplementation and Higher Total Protein Intake Do Not Influence Bone Quantity in Overweight and Obese Adults Following a 36-Week Exercise and Diet Intervention; Background: Controversy exists concerning the effects of higher total protein intake (TPro) on bone health, which may be associated with reduced bone mineral density (BMD). However, whey protein (WP) may induce bone formation because of its basic component, milk basic protein.
Dietary fat and not calcium supplementation or dairy product consumption is associated with changes in anthropometrics during a randomized, placebo-controlled energy-restriction trial; Insufficient calcium intake has been proposed to cause unbalanced energy partitioning leading to obesity. However, weight loss interventions including dietary calcium or dairy product consumption have not reported changes in lipid metabolism measured by the plasma lipidome.
Effects of probiotics on body weight, body mass index, fat mass and fat percentage in subjects with overweight or obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to examine the effects of probiotic supplementation on body weight, body mass index (BMI), fat mass and fat percentage in subjects with overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg m(-2)) or obesity (BMI >= 30 kg m(-2)). MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched for studies published between 1946 and September 2016. A meta-analysis, using a random effects model, was performed to calculate the weighted mean difference between the intervention and control groups. Of 800 studies identified through the literature search, 15 were finally included. The studies comprised a total of 957 subjects (63% women), with the mean BMI being 27.6 kg m(-2) and the duration of the interventions ranging from 3 to 12 weeks. Administration of probiotics resulted in a significantly larger reduction in body weight (weighted mean difference [95% confidence interval]; -0.60 [-1.19, -0.01] kg, I-2 = 49%), BMI (-0.27 [-0.45, -0.08] kg m(-2), I-2 = 57%) and fat percentage (-0.60 [-1.20, -0.01] %, I-2 = 19%), compared with placebo; however, the effect sizes were small. The effect of probiotics on fat mass was non-significant (-0.42 [-1.08, 0.23] kg, I-2 = 84%).
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Heart associations recommend limited intake of saturated fat. However, effects of saturated fat on low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol concentrations and cardiovascular disease risk might depend on nutrients and specific saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in food.
Improved breast milk proteome coverage by DIA based LC-MS/MS method; The breast milk composition includes a multitude of bioactive factors such as viable cells, lipids and proteins. Measuring the levels of specific proteins in breast milk plasma can be challenging because of the large dynamic range of protein concentrations and the presence of interfering substances. Therefore, most proteomic studies of breast milk have been able to identify under 1000 proteins. Optimised procedures and the latest separation technologies used in milk proteome research could lead to more precise knowledge of breast milk proteome. This study (n = 53) utilizes three different protein quantification methods, including direct DIA, library-based DIA method and a hybrid method combining direct DIA and library-based DIA. On average we identified 2400 proteins by hybrid method. By applying these methods, we quantified body mass index (BMI) associated variation in breast milk proteomes. There were 210 significantly different proteins when comparing the breast milk proteome of obese and overweight mothers. In addition, we analysed a small cohort (n = 5, randomly selected from 53 samples) by high field asymmetric waveform ion mobility spectrometry (FAIMS). FAIMS coupled with the Orbitrap Fusion Lumos mass spectrometer, which led to 41.7% higher number of protein identifications compared to Q Exactive HF mass spectrometer.
Mechanisms of breast feeding actions on obesity prevention: a systematic review; Background/Objective: The worldwide increasing prevalence of obesity necessitates research studies that focus on exploring the simple and inexpensive ways to prevent it. Breast feeding (BF) is one of the easiest methods that might protect against obesity. Given the lack of a review on the mechanisms of BF actions in the prevention of obesity this study aims to focus on the effects of BF on obesity prevention during infancy, childhood, adolescence, and adult life with emphasis on possible mechanisms. Methods: Databases of PubMed and Science direct were searched for terms: "breast milk" plus obesity, and "human milk" plus obesity from 2005 till March 2015. Searching was limited to articles with English language. Review articles, case reports, abstract in symposium and congress, studies on preterm infants and non-healthy babies, non-human studies, and unpublished studies were excluded. Based on critically appraise, eligibility of included articles were evaluated. Results: After applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 27 articles from 456 studies remained for further consideration. Eighteen studies on comparison of feeding type effects, 7 studies on hormones and bioactive compounds in breast milk, and 2 studies on macronutrient contents of breast milk were reviewed. Most of the studies showed positive effects of BF on obesity prevention during infancy, childhood, adolescence, and even adult life with aforementioned mechanisms. Conclusion: Evidence from recent studies suggests that BF may prevent not only childhood obesity, but also in other periods of life with various mechanisms including hormones, bioactive compounds, and macronutrient contents in breast milk. Further clinical trials about BF mechanisms of actions controlling for confounding variables, especially maternal pre-pregnancy overweight, is suggested.
Skim milk powder enhances trabecular bone architecture compared with casein or whey in diet-induced obese rats; Objective: We previously showed that skim milk powder (SMP) prevents weight gain more so than casein or whey alone. Dairy foods and changes in body mass can affect bone architecture; therefore, our objective was to examine the effect of dairy proteins on bone structure in the tibia of dietary-induced obese rats.
A 12-week intervention with nonivamide, a TRPV1 agonist, prevents a dietary-induced body fat gain and increases peripheral serotonin in moderately overweight subjects; Scope: A bolus administration of 0.15 mg nonivamide has previously been demonstrated to reduce energy intake in moderately overweight men. This 12-week intervention investigated whether a daily consumption of nonivamide in a protein-based product formulation promotes a reduction in body weight in healthy overweight subjects and affects outcome measures associated with mechanisms regulating food intake, e.g. plasma concentrations of (an) orexigenic hormones, energy substrates as well as changes in fecal microbiota.
Dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome: a systematic review of findings and methodological issues; P>A growing body of observational research suggests that dairy consumption may have a beneficial effect on the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is a clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors within an individual that carries with it an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease. A systematic search of electronic databases identified cross-sectional studies (n = 10) and prospective cohort studies (n = 3) that assessed dairy intake in relation to MetS. The quality of the included studies was assessed based on study methodology, measurement and reporting of dietary intake, use of standardized MetS diagnostic criteria and statistical analysis. Dairy intake was inversely associated with incidence or prevalence of MetS in seven out of 13 studies. Three studies found no association between dairy and MetS. Three studies reported mixed relationships between specific dairy foods and MetS. The majority of studies suggested a potential benefit of dairy consumption on the risk of having MetS, but methodological differences, potential biases and other limitations in the studies conducted prevent conclusions to be drawn. Future randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the effect of dairy consumption on MetS.
Possibility to Estimate Same Day Energy Status of Dairy Cows during First Half of Lactation by Non-Invasive Markers with Emphasis to Milk Fatty Acids; Simple Summary Negative energy balance experienced by dairy cows postpartum can cause problems to the animal and financial loss to the farmer. Therefore, a wide array of invasive and non-invasive methods for assessing the energy status of dairy cows have been developed. The present study compares the predictive ability of milk fatty acids and traditional indirect markers and suggests that milk fatty acid composition may be the potential sole predictor of the energy status in dairy cows. Postpartum negative energy balance (NEB) is detrimental to cows and decreases profitability in dairy farming. The two origins of milk fatty acids (FA), de novo synthesized in the mammary gland and plasma lipids initially originating from feed, rumen microbes and the animal's adipose tissue, make milk FA candidates as possible NEB biomarkers. The aim of this study was to assess the possibility to predict EB in cows in the first 150 days of lactation with BCS, milk traits and selected individual milk FA and the ratios of blood-derived and de novo synthesized FA. The daily EB of Estonian Holstein cows (N = 30) was calculated based on body weights and BCS values. Milk FA were analyzed with gas chromatography. The variance partitioning analysis revealed that milk production traits, BCS at calving, FA ratios and days in milk accounted for 67.1% of the EB variance. Random forest analysis indicated the highest impact of the ratios C18:1cis9/C12:0+C14:0, C18:1cis9+C18:0/C12:0+C14:0, C18:1cis9/C14:0, C18:1cis9+C18:0/C14:0, C18:1cis9/sum C5:0 to C14:0, C18:1cis9+C18:0/sum C5:0 to C14:0 or C18:1cis9/C15:0. FA and their ratios alone explained 63.6% of the EB variance, indicating the possibility to use milk FA and their ratios as sole predictors for the energy status in dairy cows.
Acute effects of prior dietary fat ingestion on postprandial metabolic responses to protein and carbohydrate co-ingestion in overweight and obese men: A randomised crossover trial; Background: Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with an impaired sensitivity to anabolic stimuli such as dietary protein (anabolic resistance). Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) may be protective against the deleterious effects of saturated fatty acids (SFA) on insulin resistance. However, the contribution of excess fat consumption to anabolic and insulin resistance and the interaction between SFA and n-3 PUFA is not well studied.
Structured diet and exercise guidance in pregnancy to improve health in women and their offspring: study protocol for the <i>Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP)</i> randomized controlled trial; BackgroundEvidence from epidemiological and animal studies support the concept of programming fetal, neonatal, and adult health in response to in utero exposures such as maternal obesity and lifestyle variables. Excess gestational weight gain (GWG), maternal physical activity, and sub-optimal and excess nutrition during pregnancy may program the offspring's risk of obesity. Maternal intake of dairy foods rich in high-quality proteins, calcium, and vitamin D may influence later bone health status. Current clinical practice guidelines for managing GWG are not founded on randomized trials and lack specific active intervention ingredients. The Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP) study is a randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to test the effectiveness of a novel structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise intervention in pregnant women of all pre-pregnancy weight categories (except extreme obesity), delivered through prenatal care in community settings (rather than in hospital settings), on the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG and a benefit to bone status of offspring and mother at birth and sixmonths postpartum.MethodsThe BHIP study is a two-site RCT that will recruit up to 242 participants aged >18years at 12-17 weeks of gestation. After baseline measures, participants are randomized to either a structured and monitored Nutrition + Exercise (intervention) or usual care (control) program for the duration of their pregnancy. The primary outcome of the study is the percent of women who achieve GWG within the Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines. The secondary outcomes include: (1) maternal bone status via blood bone biomarkers during pregnancy; (2) infant bone status in cord blood; (3) mother and infant bone status measured by dual-energy absorptiometry scanning (DXA scan) at sixmonths postpartum; (4) other measures including maternal blood pressure, blood glucose and lipid profiles, % body fat, and postpartum weight retention; and (5) infant weight z-scores and fat mass at sixmonths of age.DiscussionIf effective, this RCT will generate high-quality evidence to refine the nutrition guidelines during pregnancy to improve the likelihood of women achieving recommended GWG. It will also demonstrate the importance of early nutrition on bone health in the offspring.
Alleviation of Metabolic Endotoxemia by Milk Fat Globule Membrane: Rationale, Design, and Methods of a Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled, Crossover Dietary Intervention in Adults with Metabolic Syndrome; Background: Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a phospholipid-rich component of dairy fat that might explain the benefits of full-fat dairy products on cardiometabolic risk. Preclinical studies support that MFGM decreases gut permeability, which could attenuate gut-derived endotoxin translocation and consequent inflammatory responses that impair cardiometabolic health.
Milk Intake and Its Association with Metabolic Syndrome in Korean: Analysis of the Third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III); Although previous studies have shown that milk intake has some protective effects on metabolic syndrome (MS), there are few data on the relation between MS and milk consumption in Korean. To evaluate the association between milk intake frequency and MS, 4,890 subjects (2,052 men and 2,838 women) were included in the analysis, based on the national data from representative random sample of the third Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES III) in 2005. We conducted both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis with adjustment for confounding factors associated with MS. Mean (+/- SD) age of subjects was 47.1 +/- 15.5 yr. In univariate analysis, the risk of MS was inversely associated with the frequency of milk intake, but this relation was attenuated in multivariate regression. In the individuals with BMI >= 23 kg/m(2), those with highest quartile of milk consumption (once daily or more) had significantly lower risk of MS (OR [95% CI] 0.72 [0.57-0.92] compared with lowest quartile [those rarely consumed]) after adjustment, but not among leaner individuals (BMI <23 kg/m(2)). Korean overweight adults who drink milk more frequently may be protected against MS. But it seems that this relation is somewhat different among MS components.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome; Background: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte- and macrophage-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity.
Dairy Intake Enhances Body Weight and Composition Changes during Energy Restriction in 18-50-Year-Old Adults-A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aims: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed to investigate the effects of dairy food or supplements during energy restriction on body weight and composition in 18-50-year-old. Methods: RCTs >= 4 weeks comparing the effect of dairy consumption (whole food or supplements) with control diets lower in dairy during energy restriction on body weight, fat and lean mass were identified by searching MEDLINE, EMBASE, Pubmed, Cochrane Central and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) until March 2016. Reports were identified and critically appraised in duplicate. Data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Chi(2)- and I-2-statistics indicated heterogeneity. Dose effect was assessed using meta-regression analysis. GRADE guidelines were used to rate the quality (QR) of the evidence considering risk of bias, inconsistency, indirectness, imprecision, publication bias and effect estimates. Results: 27 RCTs were reviewed. Participants consumed between 2 and 4 standard servings/day of dairy food or 20-84 g/day of whey protein compared to low dairy control diets, over a median of 16 weeks. A greater reduction in body weight (-1.16 kg [-1.66, -0.66 kg], p < 0.001, I-2 = 11%, QR = high, n = 644) and body fat mass (-1.49 kg [-2.06, -0.92 kg], p < 0.001, I-2 = 21%, n = 521, QR = high) were found in studies largely including women (90% women). These effects were absent in studies that imposed resistance training (QR = low-moderate). Dairy intake resulted in smaller loss of lean mass (all trials pooled: 0.36 kg [0.01, 0.71 kg], p = 0.04, I-2 = 64%, n = 651, QR = moderate). No between study dose-response effects were seen. Conclusions: Increased dairy intake as part of energy restricted diets resulted in greater loss in bodyweight and fat mass while attenuating lean mass loss in 18-50-year-old adults. Further research in males is needed to investigate sex effects.
Effects of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation and feeding level on dairy performance, milk fatty acid composition, and body fat changes in mid-lactation goats; The objective of this trial was to study the interaction between the supplementation of lipid-encapsulated conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 4.5 g of cis-9,trans-11 C18:2 and 4.5 g of trans-10,cis-12 C18:2) and feeding level to test if milk performance or milk fatty acid (FA) profile are affected by the interaction between CLA and feeding level. Twenty-four dairy goats were used in an 8-wk trial with a 3-wk adaptation to the experimental ration that contained corn silage, beet pulp, barley, and a commercial concentrate. During the third week, goats were assigned into blocks of 2 goats according to their dry matter intake (DMI), raw milk yield, and fat yield. Each block was randomly allocated to control (45 g of Ca salt of palm oil/d) or CLA treatment. Within each block, one goat was fed to cover 100% (FL100) of the calculated energy requirements and the other was fed 85% of the DMI of the first goat (FL85). Individual milk production and composition were recorded weekly, and milk FA composition was analyzed in wk 3, 5, and 7. Conjugated linoleic acid supplementation reduced milk fat content and fat yield by 17 and 19%, respectively, independent of the feeding level. It reduced both the secretion of milk FA synthesized de novo, and those taken up from the blood. No interaction between CLA and feeding level was observed on milk secretion of any group of FA. The CLA supplementation had no effect on DMI, milk yield, protein, and lactose yields but it improved calculated net energy for lactation balance. Goats fed the FL100 x CLA diet tended to have the highest DMI and protein yield. The interaction between CLA and feeding level was not significant for any other variables. Compared with the goats fed FL100, those fed FL85 had lower DMI, lower net energy for lactation balance, and lower digestible protein in the intestine balance. The body weight; milk yield; milk fat, protein, and lactose yields; and fat, protein, lactose, and urea contents in milk were not affected by feeding level. In conclusion, reduction in energy spared via fat yield reduction after CLA supplementation was not partitioned toward milk lactose or protein in goats at a low feeding level, possibly because of a simultaneous shortage of energy and amino acids. In goats on the high feeding level, energy spared tended to be partitioned toward milk protein yield, and at the same time to the prevention of excessive lipid mobilization.
Effect of dairy and non-dairy calcium on fecal fat excretion in lactose digester and maldigester obese adults; Background: The effect of dietary calcium (Ca) on fecal fat excretion in lactose maldigestion is not known. Objective: To investigate the effect of dairy and non-dairy dietary Ca on fecal fat excretion in lactose digesters and maldigesters during moderate energy restriction.
Dairy Consumption Lowers Systemic Inflammation and Liver Enzymes in Typically Low-Dairy Consumers with Clinical Characteristics of Metabolic Syndrome; Objectives: A 6-week cross-over study design was used to determine the effect of increased dairy consumption in typically low-dairy consumers (n = 37) with metabolic syndrome (MetS) on systemic inflammation and hepatic enzymes.
Feasibility and Acceptability of Metformin to Augment Low Milk Supply: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metformin improves insulin action, but feasibility in treating low milk supply is unknown. Research aim: To determine the feasibility of a metformin-versus-placebo definitive randomized clinical trial in women with low milk production and signs of insulin resistance. Methods: Pilot trial criteria included: Mother 1-8 weeks postpartum (ideally 1-2 weeks), low milk production, and >= 1 insulin resistance sign; and singleton, healthy, term infant. Eligible mothers were randomly assigned 2:1 (metformin:placebo) and instructed in frequent milk removal for 28 days with option to stop at 14 days. Results: From 02/2015 through 06/2016, we screened 114 women, completed baseline assessments on 46, and trialed 15 (median, 36 days postpartum). Comparing metformin-assigned (n = 10) to placebo (n = 5), 70% versus 80% continued to day 28; peak median change in milk output was +8 versus -58 mL/24 hr (p = .31) and 80% peaked at Day 14 for both groups; 0% versus 20% desired to continue assigned drug after study completion; 44% versus 0% reported nausea/vomiting. Post-hoc, median peak change in milk output was +22 (metformin completers, n = 8) versus -58 mL/24 hr (placebo + non-completers, n = 7, p = .07). At baseline assessment, median milk production was significantly lower in those with (n = 31), versus those without (n = 15) signs of insulin resistance (p = .002). Conclusions: Although results trend toward hypothesized direction, trial feasibility concerns include late enrollment and only 20% of metformin-assigned participants sustaining improved milk output to Day 28, with none perceiving metformin worthwhile. Better tools are needed to identify and treat metabolically-driven low milk production. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02179788) on 02/JUL/2014.
Feeding butter with elevated content of trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid to obese-prone rats impairs glucose and insulin tolerance; Background: We recently demonstrated that feeding a natural CLA(t10,c12)-enriched butter to lean female rats resulted in small, but significant increases in fasting glucose and insulin concentrations, and impaired insulin tolerance. Our goal was to extend these findings by utilizing the diabetes-prone female fatty Zucker rat. Rats were fed custom diets containing 45 % kcal of fat derived from control and CLA(t10,c12)-enriched butter for 8 weeks.
The Effect of a Fish Oil and/or Probiotic Intervention from Early Pregnancy Onwards on Colostrum Immune Mediators: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blinded Clinical Trial in Overweight/Obese Mothers; ScopeModifying the composition of colostrum by external factors may provide opportunities to improve the infant's health. Here, we evaluated how fish oil and/or probiotics supplementation modify concentrations of colostrum immune mediators and their associations with perinatal clinical factors on mothers with overweight/obesity. Methods and resultsPregnant women were randomized in a double-blind manner into four intervention groups, and the supplements were consumed daily from early pregnancy onwards. Colostrum samples were collected from 187 mothers, and 16 immune mediators were measured using bead-based immunoassays.Interventions modified colostrum composition; the fish oil+probiotics group had higher concentrations of IL-12p70 than probiotics+placebo and higher FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 ligand (FLT-3L) than fish oil+placebo and probiotics+placebo (one-way analysis of variance, post-hoc Tukey's test). Although the fish oil+probiotics group had higher levels of IFN alpha 2 compared to the fish oil+placebo group, these differences were not statistically significant after correction for multiple testing. Multivariate linear model revealed significant associations between several immune mediators and the perinatal use of medication. ConclusionFish oil/probiotics intervention exerted a minor effect on concentrations of colostrum immune mediators. However, medication during the perinatal period modulated the immune mediators. These changes in colostrum's composition may contribute to immune system development in the infant.
Effect of bypass fat on milk lipid quality and reproductive efficiency of dairy cows; Narino (Colombia) has high dairy potential; however, their herds present difficulties in the nutritional component (energy imbalance) of the cows, affecting their productivity. This research evaluated the effect of a bypass fat supplement on lipid concentration in milk and the reproductive efficiency of dairy cows. The study was based on 21 Holstein x Simmental cows between first and third calving and the following was supplied: forage + concentrate (T1); forage + concentrate + 250 g/day of bypass fat (T2) and forage + concentrate + 250 g/day of bypass fat enriched with omega-three (T3). The experiment was conducted from day 15 pre-calving until day 105 of lactation. During this period, milk quantity, quality, composition, and reproductive behavior were recorded. For data analysis, a repeated measure mixed design with time-series data was used, where the fixed effects were the treatments, periods, and their interaction, the animals represented the random effect, and the covariable was the estimated milk yield during lactation. The results showed normal mobilization of adipose tissue; the compositional quality of the milk did not vary across treatments, although T2 presented a higher estimated production per lactation, and T3 presented a higher percentage of fatty acid C18:2. In the reproductive indicators, they were not influenced between the treatments; concluding that the base diet offered in the herd presents a nutritional balance appropriate to the requirements of the cows in production.
Effect of soy milk consumption on glycemic status, blood pressure, fibrinogen and malondialdehyde in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled trial; Objective: Diet plays a critical role in the management of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Studies on the NAFLD's experimental models have reported that soy had positive effects on the improvement of metabolic parameters. However, there is a lack of clinical trials regarding the efficacy of whole soy foods. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the effect of soy milk on some of the metabolic characteristics in patients with NAFLD.
Dairy products consumption and the risk of hypertension in adults: An updated systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Aims: With an increase in the number of published prospective cohort studies, we sought to summarize the relationship between dairy products consumption and the risk of hypertension (HTN). Data synthesis: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Science direct, and Scopus. Pooled RRs and 95% CIs were calculated using a random effects model. The certainty of the evidence was assessed by Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE). Sixteen studies were included in the current meta-analysis. We found an inverse association between total dairy products (RR = 0.90; 95% CI: 0.87, 0.94; n = 16), low-fat dairy products (RR = 0.86; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.96; n = 8), milk (RR = 0.94; 95% CI: 0.90, 0.99; n = 11), and fermented dairy (RR = 0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.99; n = 8) consumption and the risk of HTN. However, in subgroup analysis, despite a significant association for total dairy products in women, Americans, longer and larger studies, and self-reported HTN, no associations were found in males, Europeans, or Asians, and studies which followed participants for <10 years or had <3000 participants or measured HTN. Dose-response analysis revealed a non-linear association between total dairy products and milk consumption and the risk of HTN, but a linear association for low-fat dairy products. Conclusions: Higher dairy products consumption was associated with reduced risk of HTN. This association was dependent on sex, geographical region of study, and the stage of HTN. However, the certainty of the evidence was graded either as low or very low. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> Dad-13 powder consumption on the gut microbiota and intestinal health of overweight adults; BACKGROUND
Effects of Modern Food Retailers on Adult and Child Diets and Nutrition; In many developing countries, food environments are changing rapidly, with modern retailers-such as supermarkets-gaining in importance. Previous studies have suggested that the rise of modern retailers contributes to overweight and obesity. Effects of modern retailers on dietary quality have not been analyzed previously due to the unavailability of individual-level dietary data. Here, we address this research gap with data from randomly selected households in Lusaka, Zambia. Anthropometric and food-intake data from 930 adults and 499 children were analyzed to estimate effects of purchasing food in modern retailers on body weight, height, and dietary quality while controlling for income and other confounding factors. The food expenditure share spent in modern retailers was found to be positively associated with overweight in adults, but not in children. For children, a positive association between expenditures in modern retailers and height was identified. Modern retailers contribute to higher consumption of ultra-processed foods and calories. But they also increase protein and micronutrient intakes among adults and children, mainly through higher consumption of meat and dairy. The findings underline that modern retailers can influence diets and nutrition in positive and negative ways. Differentiated regulatory policies are needed to shape food environments for healthy food choices and nutrition.
Dairy foods, dietary calcium and obesity: A short review of the evidence; The possible association between dairy products consumption and body weight regulation has been the subject of several recent publications. The interest in this issue arose after biologically plausible mechanisms for this association were identified: most of these suggested a key role for calcium intake from dairy products, although calcium-independent mechanisms have also been proposed. Data from cross-sectional epidemiological studies support the hypothesis that a dairy food-rich diet is associated with lower fat accumulation in adults and children; however, prospective studies and randomised controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Different reasons could explain these findings that regard the evaluation of either the "exposure" (i.e. the methodological problems in the assessment of dietary intake of nutrients over a tong time) and the "outcome" (i.e. multiple factors involved in the regulation of body weight). Moreover, it could also be hypothesised that high consumption of dairy foods would be a marker of healthier lifestyles, or that nutritional differences exist within dairy products. Available data do not unequivocally support the hypothesis that a causal relationship exists between high dairy food intake -and/or high dietary calcium intake- and tower fat mass deposition. However, research in this field should aim to define the health impact of dairy foods even beyond obesity. (C) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Probiotic Yogurt on Glycemic Control in Type 2 Diabetes or Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Randomized Controlled Trials; Probiotic yogurt is suggested as a nutritional approach in type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of probiotic yogurt on glycemic outcomes in T2D or obesity. The databases used to search for RCTs included Medline and Scopus. The RCTs were eligible if outcomes included selected glycemic markers. In nine eligible trials, 237 and 235 subjects were in treatment (probiotic yogurt) and control (mostly conventional yogurt) groups, respectively. There was no significant difference for pooled unstandardized mean difference (USMD) hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) by probiotic yogurt compared with the control in T2D (USMD: -0.366; 95% CI: -0.755, 0.024, p = 0.066) and obesity (USMD: 0.116, 95% CI: -0.007, 0.238, p = 0.065). Similarly, there were no effects of probiotic yogurt on fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, or insulin resistance (estimated by homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in either T2D or obesity. In conclusion, the present meta-analysis has not demonstrated the benefits of consuming probiotic compared with conventional yogurt for improving glucose control in patients with diabetes or obesity. Larger trials are needed to verify the benefits of probiotic and/or conventional yogurt or other probiotic fermented milk (e.g., kefir) on glycemic markers in patients with diabetes and obesity.
Nutritional factors in stroke; Observational studies support the role of modifying lifestyle-related risk factors such as diet, physical activity and alcohol use in stroke prevention. For example, increased Na intake is associated with hypertension, and reduction in salt consumption may significantly lower blood pressure and may reduce stroke mortality. Moderately elevated homocysteine levels may be associated with stroke and are associated with deficiency of dietary intake of folate, vitamin B-6 and vitamin B-12. Consumption of a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, folate, K, Ca, Mg, dietary fibre, fish and milk may protect against stroke. Regular physical activity may also protect against stroke through its role in controlling various risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus and obesity. The role of fat intake as a risk factor for stroke remains uncertain, whereas the association between stroke and cholesterol has more convincingly been demonstrated by the recent intervention trials using statins. There is also evidence that a low serum albumin may be causally linked to stroke risk and outcome and that a significant number of stroke patients are undernourished on admission and their nutritional status deteriorates further whilst in hospital. Undernutrition is associated with increasing morbidity and mortality and nutritional supplements may have some beneficial effect on some outcome measures.
Functional foods in the management of obesity and type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review The aim of this article is to evaluate food properties able to influence specific physiological targets that maybe helpful for the prevention and management of overweight and diabetes.
Does Yogurt Enriched with Platelet-Activating Factor Inhibitors from Olive Oil By-Products Affect Gut Microbiota and Faecal Metabolites in Healthy Overweight Subjects? (A randomized, parallel, three arm trial.); Objective : The effect of the daily consumption of a low -fat yogurt (150 g) enriched with Platelet -Activating Factor receptor (PAF-R) antagonists, or the plain one, on gut microbiota and faecal metabolites was investigated in healthy overweight subjects. Methods : A randomized, three -arm, double-blind, placebo -controlled, parallel -group study was performed that lasted 8 weeks. Blood and stools were collected and analyzed before and after the intervention. Results : Our findings revealed that the intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in a significant increase in the levels of Bifidobacterium spp., Clostridium perfringens group and Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio. On the other hand, a significant increase in the levels of Lactobacillus and C. perfringens group was detected after the intake of the plain yogurt. The increase in the levels of C. perfringens group was inversely associated with the plasma catabolic enzyme of PAF, namely LpPLA 2 (lipoprotein -associated phospholipase A 2 ), a cardiovascular risk marker that has been linked with inflammation and atherosclerosis. Moreover, in the enriched with PAF-R antagonists yogurt group, the increased levels of C. perfringens group were also associated with lower PAF action assessed as ex vivo human platelet -rich plasma (PRP) aggregation. Additionally, a higher % increase in molar ratio of Branched Short Chain Fatty Acids (BSCFAs) was detected for both yogurt groups after the 8 week -intervention compared to control. The consumption of the enriched yogurt also resulted in a significant drop in faecal caproic levels and a trend for lower ratio of butyrate to total volatile fatty acids (VFAs) compared to baseline levels. Conclusion : Yogurt consumption seems to favorably affect gut microbiota while its enrichment with PAF-R antagonists from olive oil by-products, may provide further benefits in healthy overweight subjects. Clinical Trial Registration : ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02259205).
Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium BB12, and Lactobacillus casei DN001 modulate gene expression of subset specific transcription factors and cytokines in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of obese and overweight people; Probiotics are believed to have interaction with immune cells through sustained effects on gene expression of different cytokines and transcription factors. The present randomized doubled-blind controlled clinical trial was performed recruiting 75 individuals with BMI 25-35, who were randomly assigned to the following three groups: Group 1 (n=25) who consumed regular yogurt as part of a low calorie diet [RLCD], group 2 (n=25) who received probiotic yogurt with a LCD [PLCD] and group 3 (n=25) who consumed probiotic yogurt without LCD [PWLCD] for 8 week. Participants in PLCD and PWLCD groups received 200 g/day yogurt containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5, Bifidobacterium Bb12, and lactobacillus casei DN001 10(8) cfu/gr. The expression of the FOXP3, T-bet, GATA3, TNF-, IFN-, TGF-, and ROR-t in PBMCs genes were assessed, before and after intervention. In three groups, ROR-t expression was reduced (P=0.007) and FOXP3 was increased (P<0.001). The expression of TNF, TGF, and GATA3 genes did not change among all groups after intervention. Interestingly, the expression of T-bet gene, which was significantly decreased in PLCD and PWLCD groups (P<0.001), whereas gene expression of IFN- decreased in all three groups. Our results suggest that weight loss diet and probiotic yogurt had synergistic effects on T-cell subset specific gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells among overweight and obese individuals. (c) 2013 BioFactors, 39(6):633-643, 2013
The effect of yoghurt and its probiotics on blood pressure and serum lipid profile; a randomised controlled trial; Background and aims: Despite strong mechanistic data, and promising results from in vitro and animal studies, the ability of probiotic bacteria to improve blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in humans remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp lactis Bb12, provided in either yoghurt or capsule form, on home blood pressure and serum lipid profile.
Effects of commercial non-dairy tea whitener consumption in comparison to milk on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes in animal model; The pandemic of obesity and other diet-related non-communicable diseases are serious threats to the wellbeing and financial prosperity around the globe. It has been documented that the consumption of processed foods with high levels of refined sugars and fats are the main cause contributing to this phenomenon. The present work was therefore conducted to assess the effects of the consumption of non-dairy tea whiteners (NDTW's) on lipid profile, histopathology, and liver enzymes of rats for a period of three months. To this end, 30 albino Wister rats (7 weeks old, 130 +/- 5 g) was divided into five groups namely control (G1), fed with whole milk (G2), and groups fed with defined dose of commercial NDTW's (G3, G4, and G5). All rats were provided feed and water ad libitum during the experimental period. At trial completion, the rats were decapitated, and samples (blood, liver) were collected and subjected to blood chemistry (lipid profile) and liver histopathological analyses. Results indicated that as compared to milk, powder NDTW consumption increased the level of cholesterol (69%), triglycerides (98%), and LDL (84%), whereas HDL was non-significantly affected. On the other hand, liquid NDTW consumption led to the increase in triglyceride levels for all NDTW, and yielded 130% increase as compared to milk, which might have been attributed to composition of NDTW. Additionally, liver and renal functional tests yielded non-significant results. The present work concluded that the consumption of NDTW contributed towards derangement and elevation in lipid profile parameters as compared to milk, particularly if consumed for longer period of time.
Association of lactase persistence genotype with milk consumption, obesity and blood pressure: a Mendelian randomization study in the 1982 Pelotas (Brazil) Birth Cohort, with a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Milk intake has been associated with lower blood pressure (BP) in observational studies, and randomized controlled trials suggested that milk-derived tripeptides have BP-lowering effects. Milk intake has also been associated with body mass index (BMI). Nevertheless, it is unclear whether increasing milk consumption would reduce BP in the general population.
An examination of the impact of unmelted, melted, and deconstructed cheese on lipid metabolism: a 6-week randomised trial; Background: Evidence suggests cheese has a favourable or neutral effect on cardiometabolic health, compared to butter. To date, studies have only considered the cheese matrix in its unmelted form, while the effect of melted cheese remains unknown. Objective: To test the effect of 6-week daily consumption of similar to 40 g dairy fat, eaten in either as unmelted cheese, melted cheese, or in a fully deconstructed form, on markers of metabolic health in overweight adults aged >= 50 years of age. Design: A 6-week randomised parallel intervention, where 162 participants (43.3% male) received similar to 40 g of dairy fat per day, in 1 of 3 treatments: (A) 120 g full-fat Irish grass-fed cheddar cheese, eaten in unmelted form (n 58); (B) 120 g full-fat Irish grass-fed cheddar cheese eaten in melted form (n 53); or (C) the equivalent components; butter (49 g), calcium caseinate powder (30 g), and Ca supplement (CaCO3; 500 mg) (n 51). Results: There was no difference in weight, fasting glucose, or insulin between the groups post-intervention. Melted cheese, compared to unmelted cheese, increased total cholesterol (0.23 +/- 0.79 mmol L-1vs. 0.02 +/- 0.67 mmol L-1, P = 0.008) and triglyceride concentrations (0.17 +/- 0.39 mmol L-1vs. 0.00 +/- 0.42 mmol L-1, P = 0.016). Melted cheese increased total cholesterol concentrations by 0.20 +/- 0.15 mmol L-1 and triglyceride concentrations by 0.17 +/- 0.08 mmol L-1 compared to unmelted cheese. No significant differences were observed between the cheese forms for change in HDL, LDL or VLDL cholesterol. Conclusion: Compared to unmelted cheese, melted cheese was found to increase total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in middle-aged, overweight adults with no effect on weight or glycaemic control.
A Reduced-Calorie Dietary Pattern Including a Daily Sweet Snack Promotes Body Weight Reduction and Body Composition Improvements in Premenopausal Women Who Are Overweight and Obese: A Pilot Study; Reduced-calorie diets are difficult to follow because they often require elimination of certain foods, leading to poor compliance and limited success. However, a low-calorie, nutrient-dense diet has the potential to accommodate a daily snack without exceeding energy requirements, even during weight loss. This pilot study evaluated the effects of a reduced-calorie diet including either a daily dark chocolate snack or a non-chocolate snack on anthropometric and body composition measurements. In a randomized clinical trial, 26 overweight and obese (body mass index >= 25 to <= 43) premenopausal women were assigned to a reduced-calorie diet that included either a daily dark chocolate snack or non-chocolate snack (n=13 per group) for 18 weeks. At baseline and end of study, body weight and waist and hip circumferences were measured along with fat mass, lean mass, and body fat percentage by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Energy and macronutrient intakes were estimated from 4-day food records. Within- and between-group changes from baseline were analyzed using paired t tests and independent t tests, respectively. Women in both snack groups reduced estimated daily energy intake (P<0.001). Women in both the dark chocolate snack and non-chocolate snack groups, respectively, experienced decreases (P<0.001) in body weight (-5.1 vs -5.1 kg), hip circumference (-5.8 vs -5.4 cm), waist circumference (-5.7 vs -3.5 cm), fat mass (-3.9 vs -3.6 kg), and body fat percentage (-3.4% vs -3.1%), with no change in lean mass. Improvements in anthropometric and body composition measurements among overweight and obese premenopausal women can be achieved with a reduced-calorie diet including either a daily dark chocolate snack or non-chocolate snack. J Am Diet Assoc. 2011;111:1198-1203.
Impact of a High Intake of Dairy Product on Insulin Sensitivity in Hyperinsulinemic Adults: A Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Dairy product intake has been associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in cohort studies. However, results from clinical trials on T2D-related risk factors remain inconclusive.
Dietary leucine improves whole-body insulin sensitivity independent of body fat in diet-induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats; Dairy foods and dietary calcium (Ca) are potential regulators of body weight and insulin sensitivity. The specific components of dairy responsible for these actions are not known but may include leucine. Our objective was to determine the effect of dietary protein (casein, skim milk or leucine) and Ca level [low, 0.67% (LC) or high, 2.4% (HC)] on adiposity and insulin sensitivity. Obesity was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats with a 6-week period of high-fat/high-sucrose (HFHS) diet intake. Rats were randomly assigned to one of six HFHS diets for 8 weeks where dietary protein was provided as casein, skim milk or casein enriched with leucine, and contained either LC or HC. Body composition via dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity via euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp were measured. Microarray was used to assess gene expression in liver and skeletal muscle. Rats fed leucine had greater insulin sensitivity than those fed casein or skim milk (P<.05). Dietary protein differentially regulated hepatic and skeletal muscle genes associated with insulin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and mammalian target of rapamycin pathways. Specifically, two key genes responsible for insulin sensitivity, hepatic insulin receptor substrate (IRS) and protein kinase B (Akt), were altered in hepatic tissue in response to leucine. Rats fed skim milk and leucine diets had lower body weight compared to those fed casein (P<.05). HC reduced fat mass compared to LC (P<.05). While skim milk and leucine both reduced fat mass, only leucine improved insulin sensitivity compared to casein. Differential expression of genes such as IRS and Akt may be responsible for changes in insulin sensitivity in obese rats. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy product consumption and risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Background and aims: It is unclear whether regular consumption of dairy products is associated with the risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Thus, we con-ducted a systematic review followed by a meta-analysis of studies reporting on the association of dairy consumption with NAFLD risk.Methods and results: We comprehensively searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus for observational studies that evaluated the association between dairy intake and NAFLD likelihood that were published before September 1, 2022. The reported odds ratios (ORs) of fully adjusted models and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were pooled using a random-effects model for the meta-analysis. Out of 1206 articles retrieved, 11 observational studies, including 43,649 par-ticipants and 11,020 cases, were included. Pooled OR indicated a significant association between dairy intake and NAFLD (OR = 0.90; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.98; I2 = 67.8%, n = 11). Pooled ORs revealed that milk (OR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.95; I2 = 65.7%, n = 6), yogurt (OR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.82; I2 = 0.0%, n = 4), and high-fat dairy (OR: 0.38; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.75; I2 = 0.0%, n = 5) consumption was inversely associated with NAFLD while cheese was not linked to NAFLD risk.Conclusion: We observed that consumption of dairy products is linked to a reduced risk of devel-oping NAFLD. Overall, the data in the source articles is of low to moderate quality; therefore, further observational studies are required to support the current findings (PROSPERO Reg. num -ber: CRD42022319028).& COPY; 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Ital-ian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary approaches for weight loss with increased intakes of fruit, vegetables and dairy products; Aim: To assess the effectiveness of specific advice for increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake in free-living men participating in a weight loss study.
Regulation of abdominal adiposity by probiotics (<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055) in adults with obese tendencies in a randomized controlled trial; Background/Objectives: In spite of the much evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics, their anti-obesity effects have not been well examined. We evaluated the effects of the probiotic Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) on abdominal adiposity, body weight and other body measures in adults with obese tendencies.
Randomized controlled study of the effect of a butter naturally enriched in <i>trans</i> fatty acids on blood lipids in healthy women; Background: Whereas the negative effect of consuming trans fatty acids found in partially hydrogenated vegetable oils on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is well established, the effect of trans fatty acids from ruminant sources (rTFAs) on CVD risk factors has not yet been established, particularly among women.
Effects of biotin and nicotinamide supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism and milk production of transition dairy cows; This study aimed to evaluate the effect of supplementing biotin (BIO), nicotinamide (NAM) and their interaction on feed intake, milk production, and energy metabolism of transition dairy cows. Forty multiparous Holsteins were assigned randomly within block to 1 of the following 4 treatments: control (no supplementation), 30 mg/d BIO, 45 g/d NAM (ruminally unprotected), and 30 mg/d BIO + 45 g/d NAM. Cows were fed the same basal diet and received the supplements in drenches daily from about d -14 to 35 relative to parturition. Feed intake, energy balance and calf birth weight were not affected by BIO supplementation whereas NAM supplementation tended to increase prepartum dry matter intake and decrease body weight loss. Tendencies of BIO x NAM x week interaction were observed on energy balance during prepartum and entire period. The interaction of BIO x NAM was found on milk lactose percentage and fat yield. Supplementation of BIO resulted in increased concentration of BIO in plasma and decreased triglyceride concentration. The BIO x week interaction effects were detected for triglyceride, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. Supplementation of NAM increased plasma NAM and glucose while decreased nonesterified fatty acid, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, triglyceride, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein concentrations. The BIO x NAM x week interaction effect was observed on nonesterified fatty acid concentration during entire period. Blood insulin and total cholesterol concentrations were not affected. Supplementing BIO and NAM in a combination did not show additional benefits above those observed for BIO or NAM supplementation alone for most of the variables. In conclusion, drenching ruminally unprotected NAM at a high dose (45 g/d) is effective to provide utilizable NAM and elicit beneficial effects on the energy metabolism of transition dairy cows.
Reformulating ice cream to improve postprandial glucose response: an opportunity for industry to create shared value; Ultra-processed foods are associated with metabolic dysfunction and driving chronic diseases. The Metabolic Matrix is a tool used to reformulate products to promote positive metabolic outcomes. The Kuwait Danish Dairy Company (KDD) has used this tool to develop a no-added-sugar products. This clinical trial tested the glycaemic response of a no-added-sugar ice cream in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The hypothesis was that the no-added-sugar ice cream would have a substantially better postprandial glycemic response than conventional ice cream in patients with type 2 diabetes. In this randomized cross over designed study, postprandial glycemic response was measured after 300 grams of no-added-sugar ice cream or normal ice cream was consumed. Despite similar composition and palatability, the postprandial responses were better with the no-added sugar ice cream, albeit that the natural sugar in the product still resulted in a marked postprandial glycaemic response. This finding emphasizes the necessity of clearly communicating to both patients and healthcare professionals that "no-added-sugar" does not equate to "zero total sugar." The path to improved metabolic health involves not only product improvement but also transparent messaging to enable informed dietary choices. Reformulation resulting in palatable no-added sugar products provides an opportunity for companies to Create Shared Value by addressing the important social problems such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, by creating scalable solutions, that are profitable.Clinical trial registration:ClinicalTrials.gov, identifiers NCT06135935.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> BB536 and <i>Bifidobacterium breve</i> MCC1274 on Body Composition in Normal and Overweight Adults in Randomized Placebo-Controlled Study; Visceral fat accumulation is considered to be associated with a higher risk of chronic diseases. We investigated the effects of Bifidobacterium longum subsp. longum (B. longum) BB536 and Bifidobacterium breve (B. breve) MCC1274 on body composition, including visceral fat, in a randomized, parallel-group, placebo-controlled study. Participants were between 29 and 64 years of age and had a body mass index (BMI) of greater than 23 and less than 30. One hundred participants were randomly assigned to the probiotics group or placebo group. Participants were administered probiotic capsules containing 1 x 10(10) colony-forming units (CFUs) of B. longum BB536 and 5 x 10(9 )CFU of B. breve MCC1274 or placebo capsules without bifidobacteria for 16 weeks. In the probiotics group, abdominal visceral fat area, total abdominal fat area, and serum triglyceride levels were significantly decreased compared to those in the placebo group. Additionally, the increase in BMI observed in the placebo group was significantly suppressed in the probiotics group. This study showed that B. longum BB536 and B. breve MCC1274 reduced abdominal visceral fat and total fat levels in healthy normal and overweight adults, suggesting their beneficial effects on body composition.
Low-fat yogurt consumption reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and inhibits markers of endotoxin exposure in healthy premenopausal women: a randomised controlled trial; The anti-inflammatory mechanisms of low-fat dairy product consumption are largely unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether low-fat yogurt reduces biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in women. Premenopausal women (BMI 18.5-27 and 30-40 kg/m(2)) were randomised to consume 339 g of low-fat yogurt (yogurt non-obese (YN); yogurt obese (YO)) or 324 g of soya pudding (control non-obese; control obese (CO)) daily for 9 weeks (n 30/group). Fasting blood samples were analysed for IL-6, TNF-alpha/soluble TNF II (sTNF-RII), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, 2-arachidonoyl glycerol, anandamide, monocyte gene expression, soluble CD14 (sCD14), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS binding protein (LBP), IgM endotoxin-core antibody (IgM EndoCAb), and zonulin. BMI, waist circumference and blood pressure were also determined. After 9-week yogurt consumption, YO and YN had decreased TNF-alpha/sTNFR-RII. Yogurt consumption increased plasma IgM EndoCAb regardless of obesity status. sCD14 was not affected by diet, but LBP/sCD14 was lowered by yogurt consumption in both YN and YO. Yogurt intervention increased plasma 2-arachidonoylglycerol in YO but not YN. YO peripheral blood mononuclear cells expression of NF-B inhibitor and transforming growth factor beta 1 increased relative to CO at 9 weeks. Other biomarkers were unchanged by diet. CO and YO gained approximately 0.9 kg in body weight. YO had 3.6 % lower diastolic blood pressure at week 3. Low-fat yogurt for 9 weeks reduced biomarkers of chronic inflammation and endotoxin exposure in premenopausal women compared with a non-dairy control food.
The association between health-related individual traits and dairy avoidance; Purpose The purpose of this research is to examine whether health-related personal traits such as hypochondriasis, health behavior and health locus of control can predict dairy avoidance. Design/methodology/approach The empirical study took place in Israel. The researchers administered questionnaires to gather self-reported data concerning the consumption dairy products in general without making a distinction among different types of dairy (fermented/nonfermented, low fat/high fat etc.). A random sample of 77 participants was recruited from among students at the University of Haifa, after culling out those who declared to have been medically diagnosed with lactose intolerance or dairy allergy. Findings High health behavior scores were associated with increased likelihood of avoiding milk and dairy products by a factor of 3.92 (OR = 3.92, 95% CI: 1.54-10.02,p = 0.004), whereas external health locus of control was associated with decreased likelihood of shunning milk and dairy (OR = 0.136, 95% CI: 0.032-0.580,p = 0.007). The connection between hypochondriasis and milk avoidance turned out insignificant. Practical implications The medical establishment should devise ways, means and measures to purvey well-established dietary guidelines for those who are willing to make an effort and invest in their health. Originality/value This study adds to the burgeoning body of literature seeking to relate personal traits or individual characteristics to a host of lifestyle choices. The most salient finding is that many individuals who perform an array of behaviors they deem beneficial to their health and well-being in an attempt to exercise control over their health, paradoxically run the risk of making uninformed lifestyle decisions including dietary choices - ones that might prove detrimental to their health over the long haul.
Effect of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 in fermented milk on abdominal adiposity in adults in a randomised controlled trial; Consumption of fermented milk (FM) containing a probiotic, Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055), previously showed a reduction in abdominal adiposity in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) using FM with 10 8 colony- forming units (cfu) of LG2055/ g. However, whether the effectiveness is observed at lower concentrations, the recommended minimum or intermediate levels of probiotics (10 6 or 10 7 cfu/ g, respectively), remains to be examined. A multi- centre, double- blind, parallel- group RCT was conducted using 210 healthy Japanese adults with large visceral fat areas (80.2- 187.8 cm 2). They were balanced for their baseline characteristics and randomly assigned to three groups receiving FM containing 10 7, 10 6 or 0 (control) cfu LG2055/ g of FM, and were asked to consume 200 g FM/ d for 12 weeks. Abdominal visceral fat areas, which were determined by computed tomography, at week 12, changed from baseline by an average of 28.5% (95% CI 211.9, 25.1; P, 0.01) in the 10 7 dose group, and by 28.2% (95% CI 210.8, 25.7; P, 0.01) in the 10 6 dose group. Other measures including BMI, waist and hip circumferences, and body fat mass were also significantly decreased from baseline at week 12 in both groups; interestingly, the cessation of taking FM for 4 weeks attenuated these effects. In the control group, none of these parameters significantly decreased from baseline. These findings demonstrate that consumption of LG2055 at doses as low as the order of 10 8 cfu/ d exhibited a significant lowering effect on abdominal adiposity, and suggest that constant consumption might be needed to maintain the effect.
Increasing palmitic acid intake enhances milk production and prevents glucose-stimulated fatty acid disappearance without modifying systemic glucose tolerance in mid-lactation dairy cows; Feeding saturated fatty acids may enhance milk yield in part by decreasing insulin sensitivity and shifting glucose utilization toward the mammary gland. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of palmitic acid (C16:0) on milk production and insulin sensitivity in cows. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows received a common sorghum silage-based diet and were randomly assigned to a diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration DM (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield by wk 7. Furthermore, PALM increased milk fat yield and energy-corrected milk at wk 3 and 7. Changes in milk production occurred in parallel with enhanced energy intake. Increased milk fat yield during PALM treatment was due to increased C16:0 and C16:1 incorporation; PALM had no effect on concentration of milk components, BW, or body condition score. Two weeks posttreatment, energy-corrected milk and milk fat yield remained elevated in PALM-fed cows whereas yields of milk were similar between treatments. Increased milk fat yield after PALM treatment was due to increased de novo lipogenesis and uptake of preformed fatty acids. The basal concentration of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma increased by d 4, 6, and 8 of PALM treatment, a response not observed thereafter. Although PALM supplementation did not modify in-sulin, glucose, or triacylglycerol levels in plasma, total cholesterol in plasma was elevated by wk 3. Estimated insulin sensitivity was lower during the first week of PALM treatment; however, glucose disposal following glucose tolerance tests was not modified. In contrast, C16:0 feeding reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance by wk 7. Results demonstrate that increasing dietary energy from C16:0 for 7 wk improves milk yield and milk composition without modifying systemic glucose tolerance. Reduced glucose-stimulated NEFA disappearance with C16:0 feeding and elevated circulating NEFA may reflect changes in adipose tissue insulin sensitivity.
Effects of Mediterranean diet supplemented with silybin-vitamin E-phospholipid complex in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is the most common liver disease worldwide. Aim: The aim of this study is to compare the metabolic effects of the Mediterranean diet versus the diet associated with silybin, phosphatidylcholine and vitamin E complex in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Methods: Thirty Caucasian overweight patients were randomized into three groups of 10 (Groups A, B and C). A personalized Mediterranean diet was started in Group A and B patients. In association with the diet, Group B patients were given Realsil complex, daily, for 6 months. Group C patients refused any treatment. Results: We showed that the Mediterranean diet alone, or in association with the Realsil complex, led to the significant variation in BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol and triglycerides. We also observed a statistically significant decrease in homeostasis model assessment technique in Group B patients.
Effect of probiotics on body weight and body-mass index: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Objective: To assess the efficacy of probiotic therapies on body weight and BMI using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials.Methods: Twenty studies with 25 trials (1931 participants with age over 18 years) were included. The pooled WMD was calculated by random effects model.Results: Probiotic consumption significantly reduced body weight by 0.59kg (95% CI, 0.30-0.87) and BMI by 0.49kg/m(2) (95% CI, 0.24-0.74). A greater reduction in BMI was found with multiple species of probiotics. Subgroup analysis of trials with intervention duration 8 weeks found a more significant reduction in BMI. Limiting analysis to trials with a baseline BMI 25kg/m(2) showed a greater reduction in BMI.Conclusion: Consuming probiotics could reduce body weight and BMI, with a potentially greater effect when multiple species of probiotics were consumed, the duration of intervention was 8 weeks, or the objects were overweight.
Health effects of milk consumption: phenome-wide Mendelian randomization study; Background We performed phenome-wide Mendelian randomization analysis (MR-PheWAS), two-sample MR analysis, and systemic review to comprehensively explore the health effects of milk consumption in the European population. Methods Rs4988235 located upstream of the LCT gene was used as the instrumental variable for milk consumption. MR-PheWAS analysis was conducted to map the association of genetically predicted milk consumption with 1081 phenotypes in the UK Biobank study (n=339,197). The associations identified in MR-PheWAS were examined by two-sample MR analysis using data from the FinnGen study (n=260,405) and international consortia. A systematic review of MR studies on milk consumption was further performed. Results PheWAS and two-sample MR analyses found robust evidence in support of inverse associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with risk of cataract (odds ratio (OR) per 50 g/day increase in milk consumption, 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84-0.94; p=3.81x10(-5)), hypercholesterolemia (OR, 0.91, 95% CI 0.86-0.96; p=2.97x10(-4)), and anal and rectal polyps (OR, 0.85, 95% CI, 0.77-0.94; p=0.001). An inverse association for type 2 diabetes risk (OR, 0.92, 95% CI, 0.86-0.97; p=0.003) was observed in MR analysis based on genetic data with body mass index adjustment but not in the corresponding data without body mass index adjustment. The systematic review additionally found evidence that genetically predicted milk consumption was inversely associated with asthma, hay fever, multiple sclerosis, colorectal cancer, and Alzheimer's disease, and positively associated with Parkinson's disease, renal cell carcinoma, metabolic syndrome, overweight, and obesity. Conclusions This study suggests several health effects of milk consumption in the European population.
An Observational Study Investigating Potential Risk Factors and Economic Impact for Bovine Ischaemic Teat Necrosis on Dairy Farms in Great Britain; Bovine ischaemic teat necrosis (ITN) is an emerging disease of unknown aetiology that affects the teats of dairy cattle. It causes economic and animal welfare issues with many animals being culled. No effective treatments or epidemiological data to inform control strategies are currently available. The aim of this observational study was to investigate farmer-reported experiences and identify potential farm-level risk factors. In January 2018, a questionnaire was sent to a random sample of 1,855 Great Britain (GB) dairy farmers. A usable response rate of 12.3% was obtained. Fifty-one per cent [95% confidence interval (CI): 44.4-57.8%] of farmers reported having experienced ITN on their farm between 1985 and 2018. Rising numbers of farms indicated that ITN is an emerging disease with 46.3% of farmers reporting the first case in the 3 years up to 2018. At the animal level, 47.3% (95% CI: 38.7-55.9%) of the cases occurred during the first lactation and 78.9% (95% CI: 75.2-82.6%) within the first 90 days in milk. Only 20.8% (95% CI: 15.9-26.4%) of the cases were reported to recover, whereas 22.8% (95% CI: 17.8-28.5%) of the cases required culling. The remaining cases experienced complications such as loss of a teat and/or mastitis. From these data, the cost of ITN, through production losses and expenditure, was estimated to be 1,121 pound per farm per year. The costs were estimated at 720 pound, 860 pound and 2,133 pound for recovered, complicated and culled cases, respectively. Univariable and multivariable logistic regression models were used to explore the associations between the presence of ITN on farm and various risk factors. The presence of udder cleft dermatitis (UCD) (odds ratio 2.80; 95% CI: 1.54-5.07; p < 0.01) and chapped teats (odds ratio 6.07; 95% CI: 1.96-18.76; p < 0.01) in the milking herd was associated with the presence of ITN at the farm level. This is the first national questionnaire of ITN within GB and highlights the association of UCD and chapped teats with ITN at the farm level. While there are many limitations and potential bias around farmer questionnaires, these findings highlight several key areas for further disease investigation and possible intervention.
The Effect of Normally Consumed Amounts of Sucrose or High Fructose Corn Syrup on Lipid Profiles, Body Composition and Related Parameters in Overweight/Obese Subjects; The American Heart Association (AHA) has advocated that women and men not consume more than 100 and 150 kcal/day, respectively, from added sugars. These levels are currently exceeded by over 90% of the adult population in the United States. Few data exist on longer-term metabolic effects when sucrose and High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), the principal sources of added dietary sugars, are consumed at levels typical of the general population. Sixty five overweight and obese individuals were placed on a eucaloric (weight stable) diet for 10-weeks, which incorporated sucrose- or HFCS-sweetened, low-fat milk at 10% or 20% of calories in a randomized, double-blinded study. All groups responded similarly (interaction p > 0.05). There was no change in body weight in any of the groups over the 10-week study, or in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Likewise, there were no changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), or apolipoprotein B (Apo B). We conclude that (1) when consumed as part of a eucaloric diet fructosewhen given with glucose (as normally consumed) does not promote weight gain or an atherogenic lipid profile even when consumed at two to four times the level recently recommended by the AHA. (2) There were no differences between HFCS and sucrose on these parameters.
Short- and Long-Term Eating Habit Modification Predicts Weight Change in Overweight, Postmenopausal Women: Results from the WOMAN Study; Background Standard behavioral obesity treatment produces poor long-term results. Focusing on healthy eating behaviors rather than energy intake may be an alternative strategy. In addition, impoitant behaviors might differ for short- vs long-term weight control.
High calcium intake from fat-free milk, body composition and glycaemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes: a randomised crossover clinical trial; We evaluated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk v. low-Ca control diet on adiposity and on glycaemic control. Fourteen subjects with type 2 diabetes (aged 49 center dot 5 (sd 8 center dot 6) years, BMI 29 center dot 4 (sd 4 center dot 5) kg/m(2), low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d)) were included in this randomised, crossover clinical trial. Subjects participated in two 12-week experimental sessions (high-Ca fat-free milk (HC) or low-Ca control (LC)) separated by 8-week washout. Subjects daily consumed in the laboratory a breakfast shake containing 700 mg (HC) or 6 center dot 4 mg (LC) of Ca. Energy-restricted diets containing 800 mg of dietary Ca/d were prescribed. Dietary records data indicated the consumption of 1200 mg of Ca/d during HC and of 525 mg of Ca/d during LC. There was a greater reduction in body weight, body fat mass, waist circumference and waist:hip ratio after HC. Serum 25-hydoxyvitamin D and homeostatic model assessment-2 beta-cell function (HOMA2-%B) increased, and serum uric acid, parathormone (PTH) and glycated Hb (HbA1c) concentrations reduced after HC. In addition, changes from baseline in terms of serum uric acid, glucose, HbA1c and PTH concentrations were lower, and those of HOMA2-%B, serum Ca and 25-hydoxyvitamin D were higher after the HC than after LC. The consumption of approximately three servings of fat-free milk and 1200 mg of dietary Ca/d enhanced weight loss, improved body composition and promoted glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d).
Stroking different body regions of dairy cows: Effects on avoidance and approach Behavior toward humans; Understanding perception of dairy cows to common human contact such as stroking is important for improving the human-animal relationship, animal welfare, and production. We hypothesized that repeated stroking of body regions licked most during social grooming, especially the ventral neck, would reduce cows' avoidance of and increase their approach to humans. Sixty tethered dairy cows were randomly allocated to 4 treatment groups that received 5 min of daily human contact 5 d/wk during 3 consecutive weeks: 3 groups were stroked on different body regions. The first group was stroked on the ventral part of the neck (neck); the second group on the withers (both licked often in social grooming); the third group on the lateral side of the chest (chest, licked rarely); and the last group (control) was exposed to simple human presence. The reactions to the person who had provided the treatment were measured using 2 tests in the home tie-stall assessing avoidance from an approaching person who tried to touch the head (approaching person test) and avoidance/approach reactions to a stationary person (stationary person test). Approach behavior was recorded in a novel environment using a standard arena test. In the home tie-stall, cows stroked on the neck showed less avoidance (median avoidance score: 3.33) in the approaching person test compared with cows stroked on the chest and the controls (both: 4.00). That is, at least 75% of the animals stroked on the neck tolerated the touching of their heads (75th percentile <= 3.75), whereas at least 50% of the cows in the other treatment groups did not accept it. The stationary person test did not reveal any differences between the treatment groups. In the arena test, the 3 stroked groups showed more approach behavior (median latencies to contact: from 145 to 240 s) compared with simple human presence (300 s), but stroking treatments did not differ from each other. Stroking, particularly the neck, reduced avoidance of and increased approach reactions to humans in both the home tie-stall and the arena. Increasing acceptance of being touched after being stroked on the neck suggests that this procedure should be adopted to improve routine handling of dairy cattle.
Acute Effects of Milk vs. Carbohydrate on Bone Turnover Biomarkers Following Loading Exercise in Young Adult Females; Dairy products and impact exercise have previously been identified to be independently beneficial for bone mineral properties, however, it is unknown how the combination of these two osteogenic interventions may alter acute bone turnover. Using a randomized crossover design, we compared the acute effects of consuming milk vs. an isoenergetic carbohydrate control beverage on bone biomarkers following loading exercise. Thirteen healthy female participants (Age = 20.3 +/- 2.3y; BMI = 21.0 +/- 1.1 kg/m(2)) consumed either 550 mL of 0% skim white milk (MILK) or 52.7 g of maltodextrin in 550 mL of water (CHO), both 5 min and 1 h following completion of a combined plyometric (198 impacts) and resistance exercise (3-4 sets/exercise, 8-12 reps/set, similar to 75% 1-RM) bout. Venous blood samples were obtained pre-exercise, and 15 min, 75 min, 24 h and 48 h post-exercise to assess serum concentrations of bone resorption biomarkers, specifically carboxyl-terminal crosslinking telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), receptor activator nuclear factor kappa-beta ligand (RANKL), and sclerostin (SOST), as well as bone formation biomarkers, specifically osteoprotegerin (OPG) and osteocalcin (OC). When absolute biomarker concentrations were examined, there were no interaction or group effects for any biomarker, however, there were main time effects (p < 0.05) for RANKL, SOST, and OC, which were lower, and the OPG: OPG/RANKL ratio, which was higher at 75 min post-exercise compared with baseline in both conditions. In addition to assessing absolute biomarker concentrations at specific timepoints, we also evaluated the relative (% change) cumulative post-exercise response (75 min to 48 h) using an area under the curve (AUC) analysis. This analysis showed that the relative post-exercise CTX response was significantly lower in the MILK compared to the CHO condition (p = 0.03), with no differences observed in the other biomarkers. These results show that while milk does not appear to alter absolute concentrations of bone biomarkers compared to CHO, it may attenuate relative post-exercise bone resorption (i.e., blunt the usual catabolic response to exercise).
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (<i>PPARγ</i>) agonist fails to overcome <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) inhibition of milk fat in dairy sheep; The trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) causes milk fat depression by downregulating expression of genes and transcription factors involved in lipogenesis and it has been proposed that peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma) can be inhibited by trans-10, cis-12 CLA. The PPAR gamma is a nuclear receptor activated by natural or synthetic ligands and promotes expression of lipogenic genes and its effect on mammary lipogenesis and the interaction with trans-10, cis-12 CLA in lactating ewes was evaluated using thiazolidinedione (TZD), a chemical PPAR gamma agonist. A total of 24 lactating ewes were randomly assigned to one of the following treatments for 7 days: (1) Control (5 ml/day of saline solution); (2) TZD (4 mg/kg of BW/day in 5 ml of saline solution); (3) CLA (27 g/day with 29.9% of trans-10, cis-12); (4) TZD+CLA. Compared with Control, milk fat content was not changed by TZD, but was decreased 22.3% and 20.5% by CLA and TZD+CLA treatments. In the mammary gland, TZD increased PPAR gamma gene expression by 174.8% and 207.8% compared with Control and TZD + CLA treatments, respectively. Conjugated linoleic acid reduced sterol regulatory element-binding transcription protein 1 (SREBP1) gene expression 89.2% and 75.3% compared with Control and TZD + CLA, respectively, demonstrating that TZD fails to overcome CLA inhibition of SREBP1 signaling. In adipose tissue, the expression of SREBP1 and stearoyl CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) genes were increased by the TZD+CLA treatment, compared with the other treatments. Conjugated linoleic acid decreased milk fat concentration and expression of lipogenic genes, while TZD had no effect on milk fat concentration, expression of lipogenic enzymes or regulators in the mammary gland and failed to overcome the inhibition of these by CLA. Therefore, CLA inhibition of milk fat synthesis was independent of the PPAR gamma pathway in lactating dairy ewes.
Effectiveness of the Nutritional App "MyNutriCart" on Food Choices Related to Purchase and Dietary Behavior: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: To pilot test the effectiveness of MyNutriCart, a smartphone application (app) that generates healthy grocery lists, on diet and weight. Methods: A pilot randomized trial was conducted to test the efficacy of using the MyNutriCart app compared to one face-to-face counseling session (Traditional group) in Hispanic overweight and obese adults. Household food purchasing behavior, three 24-h food recalls, Tucker's semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and weight were assessed at baseline and after 8 weeks. Statistical analyses included t tests, a Poisson regression model, and analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) using STATA. Results: 24 participants in the Traditional group and 27 in the App group completed the study. Most participants were women (>88%), with a mean age of 35.3 years, more than a high school education (>80%), a family composition of at least three members, and a mean baseline body mass index (BMI) of 34.5 kg/m(2). There were significant improvements in household purchasing of vegetables and whole grains, in individual intakes of refined grains, healthy proteins, whole-fat dairies, legumes, 100% fruit juices, and sweets and snacks; and in the individual frequency of intake of fruits and cold cuts/cured meats within the intervention group (p < 0.05). However, no significant differences were found between groups. No changes were detected in weight. Conclusions: MyNutriCart app use led to significant improvements in food-related behaviors compared to baseline, with no significant differences when compared to the Traditional group. Cost and resource savings of using the app compared to face-to-face counseling may make it a good option for interventionists.
Measures of Maternal Metabolic Health as Predictors of Severely Low Milk Production; Background: A comprehensive approach to breastfeeding support requires elucidation of how metabolic health influences milk production.Objective: We compared metabolic health indicators in women with severely low milk output versus those with moderate/normal milk output using a case-control study design, with nested and external control groups.Design: Cases and nested controls were derived from women screened for a low milk supply trial, with cases defined as severely low milk output (<300 mL/24 hours), and nested controls defined as moderate/normal milk output (>300 mL/24 hours). In addition, we included an external control group of exclusively breastfeeding women. All were enrolled at 2-10 weeks postdelivery of a healthy term infant. Milk output and breast emptying frequency were recorded through test-weigh. Metabolic health variables included all components of the metabolic syndrome, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).Results: Maximum milk output, mL/24 hours, ranged as follows: 30-281 in cases (n = 18), 372-801 in nested controls (n = 12), and 661-915 in external controls (n = 12). Mean breast emptying frequency in cases was not significantly different from nested or external controls. All metabolic syndrome components and HOMA-IR were significantly worse in cases as compared with both nested and external control groups (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the nested and external control groups for these variables. GDM prevalence was 39%, 0%, and 8%, across cases, nested control, and external control groups, respectively (chi-square p-value = 0.02).Conclusion: Results from this small case-control study identify class 2+ obesity and poor metabolic health as strong risk factors for severely low milk production. These findings should be further validated in larger prospective cohort studies designed to identify individuals at risk for metabolically driven low milk supply. In addition, clinical and qualitative research studies aimed at improving patient-centered approaches to the management of persistent low milk supply are needed.
<i>Agave</i> fructans enhance the effects of fermented milk products on obesity biomarkers: a randomised trial; Dysbiosis has been implicated in childhood obesity. Oral intake of fermented milk containing Lacticaseibacillus casei strain Shirota preserves gut microbiota (GM) diversity in children and adults. This study was a double-blind trial involving 37 overweight or obese children aged 6-10 years. Children were followed over a 6-week intervention period in which they received different fermented milk products containing L. casei Shirota: 10 in the first group received just L. casei Shirota; 13 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of inulin (L. casei+inulin); and 14 received L. casei Shirota with 3 g/day of fructans from Agave salmiana (L. casei+fructans). Principal component analysis showed the relationship between microbial abundance, GM metabolites, and other obesity-related markers. Supplementation with probiotics and synbiotics improved the HDL-cholesterol levels of overweight and obese children, although no changes in body composition were detected. We observed an increase in butyrate or propionate concentrations in the L. casei+fructans group compared to the end of the intervention (P<0.03). A diminished level of ANGPTL4 within the L. casei+fructans group (P=0.04) was also found, but no differences when lipopolysaccharide-binding protein was evaluated. The FFAR2+ cell frequency decreased between baseline and at the end of 6-week intervention in L. casei+inulin (P=0.02) and L. casei+fructans groups (P=0.04). In contrast, the percentage of CD14+FFAR3+ frequency increased in the same groups (P=0.04). The L. casei Shirota with inulin or fructans modulates GM, which improves the lipid profile and changes at a molecular level, such as expression of FFAR3 and FFAR2, ANGPTL4, propionate, and butyrate. It, therefore, could be considered an interesting therapeutic possibility for treating childhood overweight and obesity.
Effect of Probiotic (VSL#3) and Omega-3 on Lipid Profile, Insulin Sensitivity, Inflammatory Markers, and Gut Colonization in Overweight Adults: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; To evaluate the effects of probiotic (VSL# 3) and omega-3 fatty acid on insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, and inflammation, we conducted a clinical trial in 60 overweight (BMI > 25), healthy adults, aged 40-60 years. After initial screening the subjects were randomized into four groups with 15 per group. The four groups received, respectively, placebo, omega-3 fatty acid, probioticVSL#3, or both omega-3 and probiotic, for 6 weeks. Blood and fecal samples were collected at baseline and after 6 weeks. The probiotic (VSL#3) supplemented group had significant reduction in total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL, and VLDL and had increased HDL (P < 0.05) value. VSL# 3 improved insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01), decreased hsCRP, and favorably affected the composition of gut microbiota. Omega-3 had significant effect on insulin sensitivity and hsCRP but had no effect on gut microbiota. Addition of omega-3 fatty acid with VSL# 3 hadmore pronounced effect on HDL, insulin sensitivity and hsCRP. Subjects with low HDL, insulin resistance, and high hsCRP had significantly lower total lactobacilli and bifidobacteria count and higher E. coli and bacteroides
Whey Protein Supplementation Does Not Affect Exercise Training-Induced Changes in Body Composition and Indices of Metabolic Syndrome in Middle-Aged Overweight and Obese Adults; Little is known about the effects of different quantities of whey protein on exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults. Therefore, we examined the effects of consuming 0.8-MJ supplements with 0 (n = 126), 10 (n = 112), 20 (n = 44), or 30 (n = 45) g whey protein twice daily in conjunction with resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) exercise training in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, community-based 9-mo study in men (n = 117) and women (n = 210); (age: 48 +/- 7.9 y; BMI: 30.0 +/- 2.8 kg/m(2)). Whey protein supplementation did not influence any of the following outcomes, some of which were affected by training. Among all participants, strength increased by 15 +/- 12% (P < 0.001) and maximal oxygen uptake capacity (VO(2)max) increased by 9 +/- 15% (P < 0.001). Body weight was unchanged (0.1 +/- 3.7 kg, P = 0.80), lean body mass increased by 1.9 +/- 2.8% (0.95 +/- 1.3 kg, P < 0.001), and fat mass decreased by 2.6 +/- 9.4% (-0.86 +/- 3.1 kg, P = 0.001). Oral-glucose-tolerance testing showed that plasma glucose AUC was unchanged (-18.0 +/- 170 mmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.16), insulin AUC decreased by 2.6 +/- 32% (-7.5 +/- 29 nmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.01), and HOMA-IR (0.2 +/- 2.0, P = 0.81) and the insulin sensitivity index (0.3 +/- 3.0, P = 0.63) were unchanged. Plasma concentrations of TG; total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; C-reactive protein; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; blood pressure; and waist circumference were unchanged. Whey protein supplementation did not affect exercise training-induced responses in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults who maintained body weight. J. Nutr. 142: 1532-1539, 2012.
High dietary intake of whole milk and full-fat dairy products does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated blood pressure; Regular consumption of low- and nonfat dairy products reduces blood pressure (BP) in adults with elevated BP. Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products exert similar hypotensive effects. We hypothesized that adding full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce seated office and ambulatory BP (primary outcome) in adults with elevated BP when compared with a no dairy control. Using a randomized controlled crossover design, 60 adults with elevated systolic BP (systolic/diastolic BP: 120-159/<99 mm Hg) participated in a 4-week high-dairy (4 servings a day of full-fat dairy products + regular diet) and a 4-week no-dairy condition (plant-based food items + regular diet) separated by a 2-week washout period. Data were analyzed based on time, condition, and sex. Seated office systolic BP did not change significantly in either condition. There were no changes in systolic BP in male or female participants across either dietary period. Ambulatory (24-hour) systolic BP did not change significantly in the high-dairy (133 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg) or no-dairy conditions (132 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg). No significant changes were observed for diastolic BP or pulse pressure during condition for office or ambulatory measures. The solitary addition of full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated BP when compared to the no-dairy control. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of <i>Citrus depressa</i> Hayata Fruit Extract on Thigh Muscles Mass and Composition in Subacute Stroke Patients: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled Pilot Trial; Objective: This pilot study evaluated the effects of Citrus depressa Hayata fruit extract (CFEx) on thigh muscle cross-sectional area (CSA) and composition in subacute stroke patients with hemiparesis who were undergoing rehabilitation.Design and Intervention: This double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized pilot trial included 40 subacute stroke patients with moderate-to-severe hemiparesis, and they were randomly assigned to receive CFEx or placebo supplements for 12 weeks. The thigh muscle CSA was measured by computed tomography as total muscle area defined by Hounsfield units (HU) values of -29 to 150 HU. The total muscle area was divided into muscle area with fat infiltration and normal muscle area to evaluate muscle composition (-29 to 29 and 30 to 150 HU, respectively).Results: At baseline, the total muscle area and normal muscle area in the paretic thigh were lower than those in the nonparetic thigh. The nonparetic normal muscle area was significantly higher in the CFEx group than in the placebo group at 12 weeks, whereas the total muscle area was not different.Conclusions: The thigh muscle CSA and composition in the paretic side have already deteriorated in patients with moderate-to-severe hemiparesis at the subacute stroke stage. CFEx supplementation during rehabilitation might improve the nonparetic thigh muscle composition in subacute stroke patients. Findings of this study are needed to be verified by a large-scale randomized trial since this study was a pilot study with a small sample size.Trial registration: UMIN Clinical Trial Registry (UMIN ID: UMIN000012902).
Fatty acids as biomarkers of total dairy and dairy fat intakes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Context: Dairy intake in humans is commonly assessed using questionnaires, but the data collected are often biased. As a result, there is increasing interest in biomarkers of dairy fat. To date, there has been no overview of the fatty acids suitable for use as biomarkers of dairy fat intake. Objective: This systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies was performed to identify circulating fatty acids as biomarkers of total dairy and dairy fat intakes in the general population. Data Sources: MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Knowledge databases were searched for eligible studies published until June 2017. Study Selection: Articles were included when a correlation between circulating dairy fatty acids and intakes of total dairy and dairy fat was found, as measured by dietary assessment tools. Data Extraction: Two authors extracted data independently and assessed the risk of bias. An adapted form of the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used for quality assessment. Results: Data were pooled using the random-effects model. Meta-analysis revealed that the fatty acids in plasma/serum were significantly correlated with intakes of total dairy (C14:0 [r = 0.15; 95% CI, 0.11 - 0.18], C15:0 [r = 0.20; 95% CI, 0.13 - 0.27], and C17:0 [r = 0.10; 95% CI, 0.03 - 0.16] and dairy fat (C14:0 [r = 0.16; 95% CI, 0.10 - 0.22], C15:0 [r = 0.33; 95% CI, 0.27 - 0.39], C17:0 [r = 0.19; 95% CI, 0.14 - 0.25], and trans-C16:1n-7 [r = 0.21; 95% CI, 0.14 - 0.29). Conclusions: C14:0, C15:0, C17:0, and trans- C16:1n-7 were identified as biomarkers of total dairy and dairy fat intakes in the general population. In light of the suboptimal measurement techniques used in some studies, correlations with trans- C18:1n-7 and conjugated linoleic acid require further investigation.
Dairy Product Consumption Has No Impact on Biomarkers of Inflammation among Men and Women with Low-Grade Systemic Inflammation; Background: Randomized controlled trials specifically designed to assess inflammation-related outcomes in response to dairy consumption are lacking.
Lactase persistence, milk intake, and mortality in the Danish general population: a Mendelian randomization study; Meta-analyses have suggested no association between milk intake and mortality. Since only few studies have been conducted, we investigated the association between the lactase persistent genetic variant LCT-13910 C/T (rs4988235), a proxy for long-term low and high intake of milk, and mortality. We used two Danish population-based studies with self-reported intake of milk and genotyping for LCT-13910 C/T. We obtained information on all-cause and cause-specific mortality (cardiovascular and cancer) from the national Danish registries. We used multivariable adjusted Cox regression to assess the association between milk intake and mortality in 74,241 individuals, and both logistic and Cox-regression to assess the association between genetic lactase persistence and mortality in 82,964 individuals using a Mendelian randomization design. We applied per T-allele, co-dominant and dominant models. During a mean follow-up of 7 years, 9759 individuals died, 2166 from cardiovascular disease, and 2822 from cancer. Observationally, there was no association between intake of skimmed milk and all-cause or cardiovascular mortality, and we did not find any associations between intake of semi-skimmed or whole milk with all-cause or cause-specific mortality. Intake of skimmed milk was associated with lower cancer mortality with a hazard ratio of 0.97 (95% CI 0.96-1.00) per doubling in milk intake. Per T-allele, milk intake increased with 0.58 (0.50-0.68) glasses/week. Genetically, we found no associations between the lactase persistent LCT-13910 C/T genotype and all-cause or cause-specific mortality; per T-allele OR (95% CI) for all-cause mortality was 1.02 (0.97-1.06). Our study did not provide strong evidence of observational or genetic associations between milk intake and all-cause or cause-specific mortality.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women; Objectives: To determine the effects of dairy calcium on changes in body weight and body fat mass in obese women on a weight-loss diet.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: dairy consumption and hepatocellular carcinoma risk; Aim This study conducts a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the association between dairy consumption and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) risk.
Whey Protein Supplementation and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Risk Factors: An Umbrella Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Emerging research suggests whey protein (WP) supplementation may modify type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) risk factors, including glucose control. As systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) gain importance in nutrition literature, we conducted an umbrella systematic review to chronicle published systematic reviews and/or meta-analyses of RCTs pertinent to WP supplementation and T2DM modifiable risk factors. This review was conducted in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews standards. Potentially eligible articles were identified via a systematic search of 5 electronic health research databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, CINAHL [EBSCO], Scopus, and SPORTDiscus [EBSCO]). Included articles were assessed for quality using the "A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews 2" critical appraisal tool. Thirteen articles, representing 109 unique RCTs, of the 2205 identified articles met the inclusion criteria. Nine articles (69%) were deemed high quality, 2 (15%) moderate quality, and 2 (15%) low quality. Findings from this umbrella review of 13 systematic reviews, including 12 meta-analyses, suggest WP may lower hemoglobin A1c, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and fasting insulin in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; blood triglycerides in groups classified as overweight/obese or at risk for or with metabolic syndrome; and blood pressure in groups classified as overweight/obese. WP did not differentially affect C-reactive protein, body weight, body mass index, or waist circumference, nor did it adversely affect any T2DM risk factors. Insufficient evidence precluded assessing the influence of WP on glucose control-related outcomes in groups classified at lower risk for T2DM. Information regarding WP dose, duration, or types was insufficient to draw conclusions. Collectively, evidence suggests WP supplementation may improve multiple clinical indicators of glucose control, along with triglycerides and blood pressure, in groups of adults at increased risk of developing T2DM.
Constraint-induced aphasia therapy (CIAT): a randomised controlled trial in very early stroke rehabilitation; Background: Communication outcomes following stroke are improved when treatments for aphasia are administered early, within the first 3months after stroke, and provided for more than 2hours per week. However, uncertainty remains about the optimal type of aphasia therapy.
Associations between daily food intake and excess adiposity in Irish adults: towards the development of food-based dietary guidelines for reducing the prevalence of overweight and obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has nearly doubled in Ireland since 1990 and over half of the population has a large waist circumference (WC). No food-based, dietary guidelines exist in Ireland for a reduction in the prevalence of body fat or obesity.
The association between dairy food intake and the incidence of diabetes in Australia: the Australian Diabetes Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab); Objective: Several studies have suggested that dairy food may reduce the risk of obesity and metabolic abnormalities but few have been able to conclusively demonstrate that it reduces the risk of diabetes. The aim of the present analysis was to investigate if dairy food intake independently reduces the risk of diabetes.
No effects of low and high consumption of dairy products and calcium supplements on body composition and serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults; Objective: Epidemiologic studies have shown that a high calcium intake is related to lower body weight, fat, and serum lipids in obese individuals. However, clinical studies have shown inconclusive results. The present study was conducted to determine if dairy or calcium supplementation alters body composition or serum lipids in Puerto Rican obese adults without dietary energy restriction or exercise.
Effect of dairy products fortified with vitamin d<sub>3</sub> on restless legs syndrome in women with premenstrual syndrome, abdominal obesity and vitamin d deficiency: a pilot study; Backgrounds Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is an unpleasant condition that affects the quality of life of patients. Its prevalence in increased in women with premenstrual syndrome (PMS). Vitamin D plays a key role in female reproduction through its impact on calcium homeostasis and neurotransmitters. We aimed to evaluate the effect of dairy products fortified with Vitamin D-3 on RLS in women with PMS. Materials and methods We conducted a 2.5-month, randomized, total-blinded clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of low-fat milk and yogurt fortified with vitamin D on RLS in women with PMS. Among 141 middle-aged women with abdominal obesity, 71 and 70 cases received fortified and non-fortified low-fat dairy products, respectively. All subjects completed a Symptoms Screening Tool (PSST) and RLS questionnaires. Results The results showed that in the women with severe PMS (PSST > 28), serum levels of vitamin D increased significantly following vitamin D fortification. The mean restless legs score in the severe PMS subgroup (PSST > 28) was significantly lower after the intervention (p < 0.05. Serum Vitamin D levels significantly differed between intervention and control groups in all individuals (PSST < 19, PSST 19-28, and PSST > 28) (p < 0.05), but no significant differences were found between RLS scores of the intervention and control groups in the three PMS subgroups (p > 0.05). Conclusion Fortifying dairy products with vitamin D-3 can increase the serum levels of vitamin D and reduce the RLS severity in women with severe PMS, but not in other groups.
Effect of rumen-protected choline supplementation on liver and adipose gene expression during the transition period in dairy cattle; We previously reported that supplementation of rumen-protected choline (RPC) reduces the hepatic triacylglycerol concentration in periparturient dairy cows during early lactation. Here, we investigated the effect of RPC on the transcript levels of lipid metabolism- related genes in liver and adipose tissue biopsies, taken at wk -3, 1, 3, and 6 after calving, to elucidate the mechanisms underlying this RPC-induced reduction of hepatic lipidosis. Sixteen multiparous cows were blocked into 8 pairs and randomly allocated to either 1 of 2 treatments, with or without RPC. Treatments were applied from 3 wk before to 6 wk after calving. Both groups received a basal diet and concentrate mixture. One group received RPC supplementation, resulting in an intake of 14.4 g of choline per day, whereas controls received an isoenergetic mixture of palm oil and additional soybean meal. Liver and adipose tissue biopsies were taken at wk -3, 1, 3, and 6 to determine the mRNA abundance of 18 key genes involved in liver and adipose tissue lipid and energy metabolism. Milk samples were collected in wk 1, 2, 3, and 6 postpartum for analysis of milk fatty acid (FA) composition. The RPC-induced reduction in hepatic lipidosis could not be attributed to altered lipolysis in adipose tissue, as no treatment effect was observed on the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, lipoprotein lipase, or FA synthase in adipose tissue, or on the milk FA composition. Rumen-protected choline supplementation increased the expression of FA transport protein 5 and carnitine transporter SLC22A5 in the liver, suggesting an increase in the capacity of FA uptake and intracellular transport, but no treatment effect was observed on carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1A, transporting long-chain FA into mitochondria. In the same organ, RPC appeared to promote apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein assembly, as shown by elevated microsomal triglyceride transfer protein expression and apolipoprotein B100 expression. Cows supplemented with RPC displayed elevated levels of glucose transporter 2 mRNA and a reduced peak in pyruvate carboxylase mRNA immediately after calving, showing that supplementation also resulted in improved carbohydrate metabolism. The results from this study suggest that RPC supplementation reduces liver triacylglycerol by improved FA processing and very-low-density lipoprotein synthesis, and RPC also benefits hepatic carbohydrate metabolism.
Encapsulation of lipids as emulsion-alginate beads reduces food intake: a randomized placebo-controlled cross-over human trial in overweight adults; The objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy of lipid emulsions encapsulated in calcium-alginate beads in reducing food intake and appetite sensations. These emulsion-alginate beads were ingested in a yogurt (active) and compared to an equienergetic yogurt containing nonencapsulated nutrients with comparable sensory properties (control) in a randomized placebo-controlled trial with crossover design. Thirty-three healthy overweight volunteers (mean age: 43 years; body mass index: 27.7 kg/m(2); 14 male) received the 2 treatments. Test days started with a standardized small breakfast (t = 0) followed by an active or control yogurt (t = 90 minutes). Appetite sensations and gastrointestinal symptoms were monitored prior to and after consumption of the yogurt, and food intake was measured during ad libitum pasta meal consumption (t = 210 minutes). The hypothesis for this study was that delayed release of encapsulated lipids suppresses appetite sensations and reduces food intake. Food intake was significantly reduced with 51 +/- 20 kcal (213 +/- 84 kJ) (P =.016) after intake of the active yogurt (770 +/- 38 kcal (3222 +/- 159 kJ)) compared to the control (821 +/- 40 kcal (3435 +/- 167 kJ)). The approach that we chose is promising to reduce food intake and could contribute to the development of an easy-to-use product for weight management. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY SUPPLEMENTATION WITH DIFFERENT POLYUNSATURATED FATTY ACIDS ON EXPRESSION OF GENES RELATED TO SOMATOTROPIC AXIS FUNCTION IN THE LIVER, SELECTED BLOOD INDICATORS, MILK YIELD AND MILK FATTY ACIDS PROFILE IN DAIRY COWS; The objective of this study was to investigate whether dietary supplementation with different polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) affects expression of genes related to somatotropic axis and the plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta hydroxyl butyrate acids (BHBA) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1) and milk fatty acids profile. Right after calving, Holstein cows (n=45) were randomly assigned to one of three diets supplemented with roasted whole soybean as a source of omega-6 PUFA (omega-6, n=15), linseed as a source of omega-3 PUFA (omega-3, n=15) or palm oil (control, n=15). Each cow was in the study over a period of 70 days. Blood samples were collected every two weeks from day 1 to 70 of lactation and plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, NEFA, BHBA and IGF1 were determined. Liver samples were taken from a subset of 18 cows (6 per diet) at day 70 postpartum and hepatic mRNA level of total growth hormone-receptor 1A (GHR1A), insulin receptor (INSR), IGF1 and insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP2) was assessed. Experimental diets did not affect milk yield. Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were greater for omega-3 treatment compared to omega-6 and control treatments. Cows fed diets enriched in omega-3 exhibited greater INSR and GHR1A mRNA expression, and a tendency for greater IGF1 mRNA expression in the liver compared to omega-6 and control cows. Plasma IGF1 concentration was significantly higher in omega-3 treatment compared with omega-6 and control treatments. Results of this study suggest that feeding omega-3 PUFAs during early postpartum couples with the somatotropic axis, leading to an increase in plasma IGF1 concentration in dairy cows.
Effects of Vitamin D3 Fortified Low-fat Dairy Products on Bone Density Measures in Adults with Abdominal obesity: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Bone disease-related fractures constitute a heavy burden on the healthcare systems and economy. Vitamin D is an important regulator of bone health and its deficiency is a global problem. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the 1,500 IU nano-encapsulated vitamin D used for fortifying low-fat dairy products (milk and yogurt) on bone health parameters.
Weight Loss, but Not Dairy Composition of Diet, Moderately Affects Satiety and Postprandial Gut Hormone Patterns in Adults; Background: Inclusion of dairy in diet patterns has been shown to have mixed effects on weight loss. A prevailing hypothesis is that dairy improves weight loss by influencing endocrine systems associated with satiety and food intake regulation. Objectives: The objective of the current study was to evaluate the effect of weight loss with or without adequate dietary dairy on subjective and objective appetitive measures. Methods: Men and women who were habitual low dairy consumers (n = 65, 20-50 y) participated in a 12-wk randomized controlled feeding weight loss trial. During the 12-wk intervention, a low-dairy (<1 serving dairy/d) was compared with an adequate-dairy (3-4 servings dairy/d) diet, both with a 500-kcal deficit/d. Test days, before and at the end of the intervention, began with 2 fasting blood draws and visual analog scale (VAS) measures, followed by a standard breakfast (25% of prescribed restricted calories), 5 postbreakfast blood draws and VASs, a standard lunch (40% of restricted energy amount), and 12 postlunch blood draws and VASs. Blood samples were used for satiety hormone measurements. On a separate day when matching standard meals were consumed, an ad libitum buffet meal was provided as dinner, at a self-selected time. Meal duration and intermeal interval were recorded. Results: Weight loss (-6.1 kg), irrespective of dairy, resulted in reduced fasting insulin (-20%) and leptin (-25%), and increased fasting acylated ghrelin (+25%) and VAS desire to eat (+18%) (P < 0.05). There were no effects of dairy on objective or subjective satiety measures. Weight loss marginally reduced the intermeal interval (289 min compared with 276 min, P = 0.059) between lunch and the ad libitum buffet. Conclusions: These results do not support the hypothesis that inclusion of dairy in long-term dietary patterns influences appetite during weight loss. Weight loss per se has a modest impact on select systems that regulate hunger and satiety. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00858312. J Nutr 2021;151:245-254.
Calcium and weight: Clinical studies; Data from six observational studies and three controlled trials in which calcium intake was the independent variable (and either bone mass or blood pressure the original outcome variable) have been reanalyzed to evaluate the effect of calcium intake on body weight and body fat. Analysis reveals a consistent effect of higher calcium intakes, expressed as lower body fat and/or body weight, and reduced weight gain at midlife. Similarly, studies relating nutrient intake to body composition report negative associations between calcium intake and body weight at midlife and between calcium and body fat accumulation during childhood. There is a fairly consistent effect size, with each 300 mg increment in regular calcium intake associated with similar to 1 kg less body fat in children and 2.5-3.0 kg lower body weight in adults. Taken together these data suggest that increasing calcium intake by the equivalent of two dairy servings per day could reduce the risk of overweight substantially, perhaps by as much as 70 percent.
Effects of an exclusive human-milk diet in preterm neonates on early vascular aging risk factors (NEOVASC): study protocol for a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial; Background: Preterm birth accounts for approximately 11% of all livebirths globally. Due to improvements in perinatal care, more than 95% of these infants now survive into adulthood. Research has indicated a robust association between prematurity and increased cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular mortality. While the innate adverse effects of prematurity on these outcomes have been demonstrated, therapeutic strategies on the mitigation of these concerning developments are lacking. The primary objective of the NEOVASC clinical trial is therefore to investigate whether the administration of a prolonged exclusive human-milk diet in preterm infants is capable of alleviating the harmful effects of preterm birth on the early development of cardiovascular risk factors.
Macrophage infiltration in the omental and subcutaneous adipose tissues of dairy cows with displaced abomasum; High concentrations of plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEPA), a direct measure of lipolysis, are considered a risk factor for displaced abomasum (DA) and other clinical diseases. In nonruminants, uncontrolled lipolysis is commonly associated with adipose tissue macrophage (ATM) infiltration. In dairy cows, recent studies report ATM infiltration in specific adipose depots during the first week of lactation. Depending on their phenotype, ATM can be broadly classified as classically activated (M1) or alternatively activated (M2). The M1 ATM are considered pro-inflammatory, whereas M2 ATM enhance inflammation resolution. Currently, it is not known whether multiparous transition cows with DA have increased ATM infiltration, and the predominant phenotype of these mononuclear cells remains unclear. The objective of this study was to characterize ATM infiltration into different adipose tissue depots in transition cows with DA (days in milk = 7.8 +/- 4.6 d; body condition score = 2.95 +/- 0.10; n = 6). Serum samples and biopsies from omental (OM) and subcutaneous (SC) fat depots were obtained during corrective surgery for DA. In an effort to compare ATM infiltration in DA cows with that of healthy cows in anabolic state (AS), adipose biopsies and blood samples were collected from nonlactating, nongestating dairy cows at the time of slaughter (body condition score = 3.75 +/- 0.12; n = 6). Adipose tissues were digested and cells from the stromal vascular fraction (SVF) were analyzed using flow cytometry to establish cell surface expression of specific macrophage markers including CD14, CD11c, CD163, and CD172a. Tissue sections were analyzed by immunohistochemistry to assess ATM localization. Cows with DA were ketotic and had plasma NEFA above 1.0 mEq/L. The same group of cows had significant infiltration of ATM in OM characterized by increased numbers of SVF cells expressing CD14 and CD172a. At the same time, expression of CD11c, and CD163 was significantly higher in SVF from OM and SC of DA cows compared with those from AS animals. Expression of M1 macrophage inflammatory phenotype-related genes CCL2, 1E6, and TNF alpha in SVF from cows with DA was significantly higher than that in healthy cows (AS). Significant populations of ATM in OM and SC depots of cows with DA were localized in multiple cellular aggregates that included multinucleated cells. In contrast, ATM in AS cows were fewer and randomly localized in both SC and OM. Together, these results indicate that infiltration of classically activated ATM is a concurrent finding in DA cases and may be associated with metabolic stress around parturition contributing to the pro-inflammatory status of transition dairy cows. Future studies are needed to establish whether ATM infiltration is more pronounced in cows with DA compared with healthy dairy cows at the same lactation stage and if this increased mononuclear immune cell trafficking has any pathophysiological significance.
Whole-Genome Resequencing of Holstein Bulls for Indel Discovery and Identification of Genes Associated with Milk Composition Traits in Dairy Cattle; The use of whole-genome resequencing to obtain more information on genetic variation could produce a range of benefits for the dairy cattle industry, especially with regard to increasing milk production and improving milk composition. In this study, we sequenced the genomes of eight Holstein bulls from four half-or full-sib families, with high and low estimated breeding values (EBVs) of milk protein percentage and fat percentage at an average effective depth of 10x, using Illumina sequencing. Over 0.9 million nonredundant short insertions and deletions (indels) [1-49 base pairs (bp)] were obtained. Among them, 3,625 indels that were polymorphic between the high and low groups of bulls were revealed and subjected to further analysis. The vast majority (76.67%) of these indels were novel. Followup validation assays confirmed that most (70%) of the randomly selected indels represented true variations. The indels that were polymorphic between the two groups were annotated based on the cattle genome sequence assembly (UMD3.1.69); as a result, nearly 1,137 of them were found to be located within 767 annotated genes, only 5 (0.138%) of which were located in exons. Then, by integrated analysis of the 767 genes with known quantitative trait loci (QTL); significant single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) previously identified by genome-wide association studies (GWASs) to be associated with bovine milk protein and fat traits; and the well-known pathways involved in protein, fat synthesis, and metabolism, we identified a total of 11 promising candidate genes potentially affecting milk composition traits. These were FCGR2B, CENPE, RETSAT, ACSBG2, NFKB2, TBC1D1, NLK, MAP3K1, SLC30A2, ANGPT1 and UGDH. Our findings provide a basis for further study and reveal key genes for milk composition traits in dairy cattle.
Effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; BACKGROUND: Although several observational and experimental studies have investigated the effect of dairy consumption on weight and body composition, results are inconsistent.
Consistent magnitude of postpartum body weight loss within cows across lactations and the relation to reproductive performance; Great variation exists among cows in the magnitude of tissue mobilization during early lactation; however, it is not known whether this is an intrinsic trait. Our aims were (1) to test whether the degree of body weight (BW) loss is consistent within cows across lactations by examining daily BW records of 4 to 5 consecutive lactations and their relation to milk yield, health disorders, and reproductive performance; and (2) to examine, in an intensive study, the possible underlying physiological mechanism. Data from 416 first to fifth consecutive lactations obtained from 92 Israeli high-yielding Holstein dairy cows were analyzed. Cows were divided according to percentage of BW loss from wk 1 to 5 postpartum in their last lactation, into groups of (1) low weight loss (LWL; -3 to 6%; n = 37) and (2) high weight loss (HWL; 7 to 17%; n = 55). The average percentage of BW loss was 7.6% in the HWL group and 5.3% in the LWL group, and the pattern was consistent between groups across lactations. Milk and 4% fat-corrected milk yields during the first 30 d in milk across lactations were higher in HWL than in LWL groups, but 305-d yields were similar. The number of open days and the interval between lactations were consistent across lactations, 17 and 20 d longer, respectively, in HWL versus LWL cows. Across lactations, the conception rates from first, second, and third artificial inseminations were 9.6% higher in LWL than in HWL cows. No differences in the incidence of health disorders were observed between groups. The intensive study was conducted with 12 randomly selected peripartum cows divided into c-HWL and c-LWL groups according to the same criteria. Similar dry matter intake and efficiency calculations were observed between groups postpartum, implying that the differences may not be related to these factors. In response to a glucose-tolerance test, c-HWL cows had higher insulin secretion pre- and postpartum than c-LWL cows, suggesting the former had lower sensitivity to insulin. This is the first study demonstrating that the magnitude of BW loss postpartum within cows is consistent across lactations, and this trait is associated with reproductive performance. The degree of BW loss postpartum, regardless of genetic merit for milk production, seems to be an intrinsic trait that represents the variation in trade-off toward tissue mobilization between cows.
Physical exercise prepartum to support metabolic adaptation in the transition period of dairy cattle: A proof of concept; In dairy cattle, the hormonal changes around calving induce large metabolic changes to support milk production. Mobilization of adipose reserves is one of the changes involved, imposing a metabolic load on the liver. We hypothesized that the risk for excessive lipolysis and hepatic lipidosis postpartum can be reduced by starting fat mobilization and processing during the prepartum period by physical exercise, especially in cows with a high body condition score (BCS). As a proof of concept, 32 pregnant Holstein-Friesian dairy cows were selected for a 2 x 2 experimental design. Sixteen cows had a BCS < 3.25 (group LOW) and 16 cows a BCS >= 3.25 (group HIGH). Cows within each group were randomly allocated to one of two treatments: group STEP was walked twice daily for 45 min during the dry period while group CON remained indoors. Treatment was stopped at calving and cows were monitored until 6 weeks after calving. Liver biopsies were taken in a subset of 16 cows to determine liver triglyceride (TG) concentration. We found that calculated energy balance was more negative for group STEP prepartum, resulting in higher plasma non-esterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations. During the first 6 weeks postpartum, neither dry matter intake nor milk yield was affected by exercise. As expected, the cows in group HIGH had increased liver TG concentrations postpartum relative to group LOW with increased plasma non-esterified fatty acids directly after calving. Exercise during the dry period mitigated postpartal liver TG accumulation, but this did not seem to be related to increased plasma lipoprotein transport. We conclude that substantial physical activity prepartum can induce lipolysis and lipid utilization, thereby starting an early adaptation to lactation. This may be instrumental to reduce the risk for excessive liver TG accumulation postpartum, especially in cows with a high BCS at dry-off.
Dairy Intake Modifies the Level of the Bile Acid Precursor and Its Correlation with Serum Proteins Associated with Cholesterol Clearance in Subjects with Hyperinsulinemia; Bile acids regulate glucose homeostasis and lipid metabolism. Further, the levels of bile acids can be influenced by the intake of dairy products. Although the serum proteome can provide information on the biological pathways associated with different metabolites, it is unknown whether the intake of dairy modifies such associations between bile acids and the proteome. The objectives of this study were to examine plasma bile acid profiles, find the correlations between bile acids and lipid as well as glycemic markers, and to uncover the correlation between bile acids and proteins after high dairy (HD) and adequate dairy (AD) intake among 25 overweight individuals with hyperinsulinemia. In this randomized crossover-trial study, hyperinsulinemia adults were randomized to both HD (>= 4 servings/day) and AD (<= 2 servings/day) for 6 weeks. Measurements and analyses were performed on before- as well as after- AD and HD conditions. The results indicated that plasma 7 alpha-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one (7AC4) increased after HD in comparison with before HD intake (p = 0.03). After adjusting for BMI, age, and sex, 7AC4 positively correlated with triglyceride levels in the pre-AD (r = 0.44; p = 0.03) and post-HD (r = 0.42; p = 0.04). Further, 7AC4 correlated positively with proteins associated with high-density lipoprotein particle remodeling pathway and reverse cholesterol transport only after HD consumption. Thus, the consumption of higher dairy intake modifies the association between 7AC4-a biomarker for bile acid synthesis-and serum proteins involved in cholesterol clearance. Overall, higher dairy consumption may have a positive effect on cholesterol metabolism in subjects at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Association of dairy intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality in 21 countries from five continents (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background Dietary guidelines recommend minimising consumption of whole-fat dairy products, as they are a source of saturated fats and presumed to adversely affect blood lipids and increase cardiovascular disease and mortality. Evidence for this contention is sparse and few data for the effects of dairy consumption on health are available from low-income and middle-income countries. Therefore, we aimed to assess the associations between total dairy and specific types of dairy products with mortality and major cardiovascular disease.
Effect of isoflupredone acetate with or without insulin on energy metabolism, reproduction, milk production, and health in dairy cows in early lactation; Glucocorticoids are commonly used to treat cows with clinical ketosis and fatty liver disease, but their use is controversial. The objectives of the present study were to investigate the effects of isoflupredone acetate alone or with insulin on the energy metabolism of dairy cows in early lactation in a large double-blind, randomized clinical trial. A total of 1,162 Holstein cows and first-lactation heifers were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 3 treatments between the day of parturition and 8 DIM: group A, 20-mg i. m. injection of isoflupredone and 100 units of insulin; group B, 20-mg i. m. injection of isoflupredone; groupC( control group), 10-mL i. m. injection of sterile water. Treatments were randomized across 24 dairy farms located near Guelph, Ontario, Canada. Serum samples obtained at the time of treatment and at wk 1 and 2 following treatment were analyzed for beta-hydroxybutyrate, nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, calcium, potassium, sodium, and chloride. Cows were assigned a body condition score at the time of enrollment. Data were analyzed using a repeated-measures mixed model that accounted for the effects of parity and body condition score, and the random effects of cow and farm. Cows that received isoflupredone with insulin and isoflupredone alone had higher beta-hydroxybutyrate and nonesterified fatty acid concentrations 1 wk after treatment compared with control cows. Cows that received isoflupredone acetate plus insulin had lower glucose concentrations at 1 wk after treatment. Calcium concentrations 1 wk after treatment were lower for cows that received isoflupredone and insulin or isoflupredone only compared with control cows. Serum sodium, potassium, and chloride concentrations were not influenced by treatment. The effect of treatment on the proportion of cows with subclinical ketosis was evaluated with a logistic regression model. Over the 2 wk following treatment, a significant increase in the prevalence of subclinical ketosis was observed in the isoflupredone plus insulin group relative to the control group. Among 972 cows that were not ketotic at enrollment, cows that received isoflupredone acetate plus insulin or isoflupredone acetate only were, respectively, 1.72 and 1.59 times more likely than control cows to develop subclinical ketosis 1 wk after treatment. There were no treatment effects on test-day milk production, milk fat and protein percentages, or the intervals from calving to first insemination or pregnancy.
Effect of calcium from dairy and dietary supplements on faecal fat excretion: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Observational studies have found that dietary calcium intake is inversely related to body weight and body fat mass. One explanatory mechanism is that dietary calcium increases faecal fat excretion. To examine the effect of calcium from dietary supplements or dairy products on quantitative faecal fat excretion, we performed a systematic review with meta-analysis. We included randomized, controlled trials of calcium (supplements or dairy) in healthy subjects, where faecal fat excretion was measured. Meta-analyses used random-effects models with changes in faecal fat excreted expressed as standardized mean differences, as the studies assessed the same outcome but measured in different ways.
Weight loss with a modified Mediterranean-type diet using fat modification: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is evidence that Mediterranean diets with a high proportion of olive oil and nuts can be effective for weight management and prevention of cardiovascular disease. It might be difficult for populations with other eating habits to follow such diets. Therefore, a modified Mediterranean-type diet using fat modification through neutral and butter-flavored canola oil, walnuts and walnut oil with two portion-controlled sweet daily snacks was tested in Germany.
Eucaloric diets enriched in palm olein, cocoa butter, and soybean oil did not differentially affect liver fat concentration in healthy participants: a 16-week randomized controlled trial; Background: Effects of dietary fat quality on liver fat remain to be elucidated. Inconsistent evidence may be influenced by fatty acid saturation, chain-length, and regio-specificity within triacylglycerol (TAG) molecules.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Transcriptional regulation of <i>acetyl-CoA carboxylase</i> isoforms in dairy ewes during conjugated linoleic acid induced milk fat depression; Feeding trans-10, cis-12 CLA to lactating ewes reduces milk fat by down-regulating expression of enzymes involved in lipid synthesis in the mammary gland and increases adipose tissue lipogenesis. Acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC-) is a key regulated enzyme in de novo fatty acid synthesis and is decreased by CLA. In the ovine, the ACC- gene is expressed from three tissue-specific promoters (PI, PII and PIII). This study evaluated promoter-specific ACC- expression in mammary and adipose tissue of lactating cross-bred Lacaune/Texel ewes during milk fat depression induced by rumen-unprotected trans-10, cis-12 CLA supplement. In all, 12 ewes arranged in a completely randomized design were fed during early, mid and late lactation one of the following treatments for 14 days: Control (forage+0.9 kg of concentrate on a dry matter basis) and CLA (forage+0.9 kg of concentrate+27 g/day of CLA (29.9% trans-10, cis-12)). Mammary gland and adipose tissue biopsies were taken on day 14 for gene expression analysis by real-time PCR. Milk fat yield and concentration were reduced with CLA supplementation by 27%, 21% and 35% and 28%, 26% and 42% during early, mid and late lactation, respectively. Overall, our results suggest that trans-10, cis-12 CLA down-regulates mammary ACC- gene expression by decreasing expression from PII and PIII in mammary gland and up-regulates adipose ACC- gene expression by increasing expression from PI.
Co-Administration of Soluble Fibres and <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> NCDC19 Fermented Milk Prevents Adiposity and Insulin Resistance Via Modulation of Lipid Mobilization Genes in Diet-Induced Obese Mice; Background: Numerous reports explaining the beneficial health effects of soluble fibres and probiotics on lifestyle disorders have been published. However, a little information is available on coadministration of soluble fibres such as gum acacia & inulin and probiotic lactobacilli. Therefore, in the present study, we have evaluated the synergistic effects of soluble fibres and probiotic fermented milk on adiposity, insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in C57BL/6 mice fed high-fat and sucrose diet for 18 weeks.
Intake of dairy products and associations with major atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Specific types of dairy products may be differentially associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies to summarize findings on the associations between total dairy product intake and intake of dairy product subgroups and the risk of major atherosclerotic CVDs in the general adult population. Our protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42019125455). PubMed and Embase were systematically searched through 15 August 2019. For high versus low intake and dose-response meta-analysis, random-effects modelling was used to calculate summary risk ratios (RR). There were 13 cohort studies included for coronary heart disease (CHD), 7 for ischemic stroke and none for peripheral artery disease. High-fat milk was positively associated with CHD (RR 1.08 (95% confidence interval 1.00-1.16) per 200 g higher intake/day) and cheese was inversely associated with CHD (RR 0.96 (95% confidence interval 0.93-0.98) per 20 g higher intake/day). Heterogeneity, however, was observed in high versus low meta-analyses. Milk was inversely associated with ischemic stroke in high versus low meta-analysis only. In conclusion, this systematic review indicates a positive association of high-fat milk and an inverse association of cheese with CHD risk. The findings should be interpreted in the context of the observed heterogeneity.
GC-MS Based Metabolomics and NMR Spectroscopy Investigation of Food Intake Biomarkers for Milk and Cheese in Serum of Healthy Humans; The identification and validation of food intake biomarkers (FIBs) in human biofluids is a key objective for the evaluation of dietary intake. We report here the analysis of the GC-MS and 1H-NMR metabolomes of serum samples from a randomized cross-over study in 11 healthy volunteers having consumed isocaloric amounts of milk, cheese, and a soy drink as non-dairy alternative. Serum was collected at baseline, postprandially up to 6 h, and 24 h after consumption. A multivariate analysis of the untargeted serum metabolomes, combined with a targeted analysis of candidate FIBs previously reported in urine samples from the same study, identified galactitol, galactonate, and galactono-1,5-lactone (milk), 3-phenyllactic acid (cheese), and pinitol (soy drink) as candidate FIBs for these products. Serum metabolites not previously identified in the urine samples, e.g., 3-hydroxyisobutyrate after cheese intake, were detected. Finally, an analysis of the postprandial behavior of candidate FIBs, in particular the dairy fatty acids pentadecanoic acid and heptadecanoic acid, revealed specific kinetic patterns of relevance to their detection in future validation studies. Taken together, promising candidate FIBs for dairy intake appear to be lactose and metabolites thereof, for lactose-containing products, and microbial metabolites derived from amino acids, for fermented dairy products such as cheese.
Milk protein polymorphisms of Aosta Valley cattle breeds; Cow's milk proteins are encoded by highly polymorphic genes characterized by several mutations which result in different allelic variants. Each allelic variant has different possible effects on cheese-making properties and on human health. beta-casein A1-A3-I-B, k-casein B and beta-lactoglobulin B are supposed to influence milk cheese-making properties by increasing cheese or milk yield, by varying chemical parameters, by having small casein micelle size, and by influencing rennet coagulation time (RCT) and curd-firming rate (CFR). In addition, beta-casein A1-B are also considered to be a risk factor for different health diseases such as ischemic heart disease (IHD), type 1 diabetes (T1D), decreased glutathione (GSH) concentration, and milk intolerance. An LC-MS method was applied to profile, for the first time, the main milk proteins genetic variants from Aosta Valley autochtonous cattle breeds. Analyses performed on milk collected from bovines of three cattle breeds (Red Pied - VRP, Black Pied - VNP and Chestnut - CAS), either from IAR experimental farm or from herds of dairy-producers in Aosta Valley region, showed quite high frequencies of beta-casein A2 and A3/I, and low frequencies of beta-casein A1. Moreover, low frequencies of beta-casein B in VRP breed and high frequencies of the same variant in CAS, and VNP breeds have been found. As far as k-casein is concerned allelic variant B is the most diffused in VRP while allelic variant A in VNP and CAS breeds. Finally, beta-lactoglobulin most diffused allelic variant for all breeds is B. Results suggest that Aosta Valley milk has good cheese-making properties and good frequencies of beta-casein A2 which may be related to beneficial effects on human health. In light of these results, it is important to develop breeding programs which take into consideration milk proteins polymorphisms to further increase the milk suitability for cheese-making process and to decrease the presence of beta-casein A1 and B in drinking milk which can be a risk factor for human health.
The effect of milk proteins on appetite regulation and diet-induced thermogenesis; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is increasing evidence to support that a high-protein diet may promote weight loss and prevent weight (re) gain better than a low-protein diet, and that the effect is due to higher diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) and increased satiety. However, data on the effect of different types of protein are limited. In the present study we compare the effect of whey, casein and milk on DIT and satiety.
Postpartum responses of dairy cows supplemented with n-3 fatty acids for different durations during the peripartal period; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of different durations of n-3 supplementation during the peripartal period on production and reproduction performance of Holstein dairy cows. Thirty-two Holstein dry cows (16 multiparous and 16 primiparous) were blocked within parity for similar expected calving dates 8 wk before calving. Cows within blocks were assigned randomly to 1 of 4 treatments: (1) control without n-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation during the dry period; (2) n-3 FA supplementation during the whole dry period (8 wk); and (3) n-3 FA supplementation during the early dry period (first 5 wk; far-off), or (4) 11-3 FA supplementation during the late dry period (last 3 wk; close-up). All cows received the same diet without n-3 FA after calving for the first 6 wk of lactation. Ovaries of each cow were examined 10, 17, 24, and 34 d from calving (calving = d 0) by transrectal ultrasonography to determine follicular development. Blood samples were collected at 14-d intervals starting on the first day of the dry period (8 wk before expected calving) to determine plasma concentrations of glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate, nonesterified fatty acids, urea N, aspartate aminotransferase, and insulin. Blood samples were also collected on d 1, 10, 17, 24, 31, and 38 postpartum for determination of progesterone concentration. Milk yield was recorded daily throughout the experiment and samples were taken twice weekly (Monday and Thursday mornings) for analysis of fat, protein, and lactose. Yields. of milk and 4% fat-corrected milk and milk composition were similar among treatments except for fat proportion, which tended to be lower in cows that were fed n-3 FA throughout the dry period. We observed no differences among treatments for plasma concentrations of metabolites and hormones. The cows that were fed in the 3 n-3 FA treatments had larger ovulatory follicles compared with those fed the controlled diet. Treatments did not differ significantly in terms of the number of days open, day to first service, or number of services per pregnancy. In conclusion, n-3 FA supplementation throughout the dry period or in the early or late prepartal period had no carryover reproductive postpartum benefits and no effect on the production of Holstein dairy cows.
Effects of short-term variation in forage quality and forage to concentrate ratio on lactating dairy cows; Within-farm variation in forage composition can be substantial and potentially costly, and it presents challenges for sampling the forage accurately. We hypothesized that day-to-day variation in forage neutral detergent fiber (FNDF) concentrations and diet variation caused by sampling error would have negative effects on production measures in lactating dairy cows. Twenty-four Holstein cows (73 d in milk) were used in 8 replicated 3 x 3 Latin squares with 21-d periods. Treatments were (1) control (CON), (2) variable (VAR), and (3) overreacting (ORR). On average, over the 21-d period, all 3 treatments were the same [24.7% FNDF and 48.2% forage dry matter (DM) composed of 67% alfalfa silage and 33% grass silage]. The CON treatment was essentially consistent day-to-day in total forage and FNDF concentrations and proportion of alfalfa and grass silages. The VAR treatment changed daily (in a random pattern) in proportion of alfalfa and grass silages fed, which resulted in day-today changes in FNDF (range was 21.5 to 28%). The ORR treatment varied in a 5-d cyclic pattern in total forage and FNDF concentrations (26, 24, 28, and 21.5% FNDF). Over the 21 d, ORR (25.1 kg/d) had higher DM intake compared with CON (24.5 kg/d) and VAR (24.3 kg/d). Milk production (42.8 kg/d), milk fat (3.5%), and milk protein (2.8%) were not affected by treatment; however, a treatment x day interaction was observed for milk production. Lower daily milk yields for VAR and ORR compared with CON were rare; they only followed sustained 4- and 5-d periods of feeding higher FNDF diets compared with CON. In contrast, increased daily milk yields for VAR and ORR versus CON were more frequent and followed sustained diet changes of only 2 or 3 d. Lipolytic and lipogenic-related enzyme mRNA abundances in subcutaneous adipose tissue were not affected by treatment. Treatment x day interactions were observed for milk fatty acid markers of cellulolytic bacteria (iso-14:0, iso-15:0, iso-16:0) and lipolysis (18:0) and generally followed the expected response to changes in daily rations. Overall, extreme daily fluctuations in FNDF had no cumulative negative effect on production measures over a 21-d period, and daily responses to transient increases in FNDF were less than expected.
The effect of low-fat versus whole-fat dairy product intake on blood pressure and weight in young normotensive adults; Background:
Nudging and social marketing techniques encourage employees to make healthier food choices: a randomized controlled trial in 30 worksite cafeterias in The Netherlands; Background: Currently, many studies focus on how the environment can be changed to encourage healthier eating behavior, referred to as choice architecture or "nudging." However, to date, these strategies are not often investigated in real-life settings, such as worksite cafeterias, or are only done so on a short-term basis.
DUODENAL RAPESEED OIL INFUSION IN EARLY AND MIDLACTATION COWS .2. VOLUNTARY INTAKE, MILK-PRODUCTION, AND COMPOSITION; Rapeseed oil was infused continuously (1.0 to 1.1 kg/d) into the proximal duodenum of rumen- and duodenum-fistulated Holstein Friesian multiparous cows from 17 d before to 21 d after calving (6 oil-infused cows vs. 6 controls) (early lactation trial) or after 100 d of lactation (mid-lactation trial, 9 cows in a crossover design).  Oil-free DM intake was lower in oil-infused than in control cows in early (wk 3) and midlactation trials.  In early lactation, milk production tended to be lower in oil-infused cows but milk composition was unchanged.  In the midlactation trial, milk yield and lactose content were unaffected, milk fat content was slightly increased, and protein content sharply decreased in oil-infused cows.  Rapeseed oil infusion had a positive effect on the total metabolizable energy absorbed during the wk 1 and 2 of lactation but not in the wk 3 or in the midlactation trial.  Calculated energy balance was higher in oil-infused cows in both trials.  In early lactation, oil infusion did not reduce losses in empty BW, condition score, subcutaneous adipose cell diameter, and estimated body lipids.  In midlactation, empty BW and body condition score were decreased by oil infusion.
Effect of High-Fat and Low-Fat Dairy Products on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Immune Function in a Low Birthweight Swine Model of Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance; Although dairy intake has been shown to have a neutral or some beneficial effect on major cardiometabolic risk factors, the impact of dairy, and especially dairy fat, on immune function remains to be investigated. To understand the effect of consuming dairy fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and immune function, we used an established low birthweight (LBW) swine model of diet-induced insulin resistance to compare high-fat and low-fat dairy products to a control high-fat diet (CHF). LBW piglets were randomized to consume one of the 3 experimental HF diets: (1) CHF, (2) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of high-fat dairy (HFDairy) and (3) CHF diet supplemented with 3 servings/day of low-fat dairy (LFDairy). As comparison groups, normal birthweight (NBW) piglets were fed a CHF (NBW-CHF) or standard pig grower diet (NBW-Chow). A total of 35 pigs completed the study and were fed for a total of 7 weeks, including 1 week of CHF transition diet. At 12 weeks of age, piglets were euthanized. Fasting blood and tissue samples were collected. Ex vivo cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) stimulated with pokeweed (PWM), phytohemagglutinin (PHA) and phorbol myristate acetate-ionomycin (PMA-I) were assessed. As expected, LBW-CHF piglets showed early signs of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR, P model = 0.08). Feeding high-fat dairy products improved fasting plasma glucose concentrations more than low-fat dairy compared to LBW-CHF (P < 0.05). Irrespective of fat content, dairy consumption had neutral effect on fasting lipid profile. We have also observed lower production of IL-2 after PWM and PHA stimulation as well as lower production of TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation in LBW-CHF than in NBW-Chow (all, P < 0.05), suggesting impaired T cell and antigen presenting cell function. While feeding high-fat dairy had minimal effect on immune function, feeding low-fat dairy significantly improved the production of IL-2, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma after PWM stimulation, IL-2 and IFN-gamma after PHA stimulation as well as TNF-alpha after PMA-I stimulation compared to LBW-CHF (all, P < 0.05). These data provide novel insights into the role of dairy consumption in counteracting some obesity-related cardiometabolic and immune perturbations.
Alteration of gene expression in mammary gland tissue of dairy cows in response to dietary unsaturated fatty acids; The aim of this study was to determine the effects of supplementing unprotected dietary unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) from different plant oils on gene expression in the mammary gland of grazing dairy cows. A total of 28 Holstein-Friesian dairy cows in mid-lactation were blocked according to parity, days in milk, milk yield and fat percentage. The cows were then randomly assigned to four UFA sources based on rapeseed, soybean, linseed or a mixture of the three oils for 23 days, after which, all 28 cows were switched to a control diet for an additional 28 days. On the last day of both periods, mammary gland biopsies were taken to study genome-wide differences in gene expression on Affymetrix GeneChip (R) Bovine Genome Arrays (no. 900493) by ServiceXS (Leiden, The Netherlands). Supplementation with UFAs resulted in increased milk yield but decreased milk fat and protein percentages. Furthermore, the proportion of de novo fatty acids (FAs) in the milk was reduced, whereas that of long-chain FAs increased. Applying a statistical cut-off of false discovery rate of q-values < 0.05 together with an absolute fold change of 1.3, a total of 972 genes were found to be significantly affected through UFA supplementation, indicating that large transcriptional adaptations occurred in the mammary gland when grazing dairy cows were supplemented with unprotected dietary UFA. Gene sets related to cell development and remodeling, apoptosis, nutrient metabolic process, as well as immune system response were predominantly downregulated during UFA supplementation. Such molecular knowledge on the physiology of the mammary gland might provide the basis for further functional research on dairy cows.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects; Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA(1c) values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Effects of high-grain diet feeding on fatty acid profiles in milk, blood, muscle, and adipose tissue, and transcriptional expression of lipid-related genes in muscle and adipose tissue of dairy cows; BackgroundHigh-grain (HG) diets affect lipid metabolism in the liver and mammary tissue of dairy cows, but its effects on muscle and adipose tissue have not been wide evaluated. Thus, the aim of this study is to clarify this issue.MethodsTwelve Holstein cows were randomly divided into two groups: conventional diet group (CON, n = 6) and the HG diet group (n = 6). On day 7 of week 4, rumen fluid was sampled to measure pH, milk was sampled to measure components, and blood was sampled to measure biochemical parameters and fatty acid composition. After the experiment, cows were slaughtered to collect muscle and adipose tissue for fatty acid composition and transcriptome analysis.ResultsHG feeding decreased the ruminal pH, milk's fat content and long-chain fatty acid proportion (P < 0.05) and increased the proportion of short- and medium-chain fatty acids in the milk (P < 0.05) as compared with CON diets. The concentrations of blood cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, and polyunsaturated fatty acids in the HG cows were lower than those in CON cows (P < 0.05). In muscle tissue, HG feeding tended to increase the triacylglycerol (TG) concentration (P < 0.10). Transcriptome analysis revealed changes in the biosynthesis of the unsaturated fatty acids pathway, the regulation of lipolysis in the adipocytes pathway, and the PPAR signalling pathway. In adipose tissue, HG feeding increased the concentration of TG and decreased the concentration of C18:1 cis9 (P < 0.05). At the transcriptome level, the fatty acid biosynthesis pathway, linoleic acid metabolism pathway, and PPAR signalling pathway were activated.ConclusionHG feeding leads to subacute rumen acidosis and a decreased milk fat content. The fatty acid profiles in the milk and plasma of dairy cows were changed by HG feeding. In muscle and adipose tissue, HG feeding increased TG concentration and up-regulated the expression of genes related to adipogenesis, while down-regulated the expression of genes related to lipid transport. These results complement our knowledge of the fatty acid composition of muscle and adipose tissue in dairy cows and expand our understanding of the mechanisms by which HG diets affect lipid metabolism in muscle and adipose tissue.
Single-step genome-wide association for longitudinal traits of Canadian Ayrshire, Holstein, and Jersey dairy cattle; Estimating single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) effects over time is essential to identify and validate candidate genes (or quantitative trait loci) associated with time-dependent variation of economically important traits and to better understand the underlying mechanisms of lactation biology. Therefore, in this study, we aimed to estimate time-dependent effects of SNP and identifying candidate genes associated with milk (MY), fat (FY), and protein (PY) yields, and somatic cell score (SCS) in the first 3 lactations of Canadian Ayrshire, Holstein, and Jersey breeds, as well as suggest their potential pattern of phenotypic effect over time. Random regres.sion coefficients for the additive direct genetic effect were estimated for each animal using single-step genornic BLUP, based on 2 random regression models: one considering MY, FY, and PY in the first 3 lactations and the other considering SCS in the first 3 lactations. Thereafter, SNP solutions were obtained for random regression coefficients, which were used to estimate the SNP effects over time (from 5 to 305 d in lactation). The top 1% of SNP that showed a high magnitude of SNP effect in at least 1 d in lactation were selected as relevant SNP for further analyses of candidate genes, and clustered according to the trajectory of their SNP effects over time. The majority of SNP selected for MY, FY, and PY increased the magnitude of their effects over time, for all breeds. In contrast, for SCS, most selected SNP decreased the magnitude of their effects over time, especially for the Holstein and Jersey breeds. In general, we identified a different set of candidate genes for each breed, and similar genes were found across different lactations for the same trait in the same breed. For some of the candidate genes, the suggested pattern of phenotypic effect changed among lactations. Among the lactations, candidate genes (and their suggested phenotypic effect over time) identified for the second and third lactations were more similar to each other than for the first lactation. Well-known candidate genes with major effects on milk production traits presented different suggested patterns of phenotypic effect across breeds, traits, and lactations in which they were identified. The candidate genes identified in this study can be used as target genes in studies of gene expression.
Effect of a hypocaloric diet, increased protein intake and resistance training on lean mass gains and fat mass loss in overweight police officers; We compare the effects of a moderate hypocaloric, high-protein diet and resistance training, using two different protein supplements, versus hypocaloric diet alone on body compositional changes in overweight police officers. A randomized, prospective 12-week study was per formed comparing the changes in body composition produced by th ree different treatment modalities in th ree study groups. One group (n = 10) was placed on a non-lipogenic, hypocaloric diet atone (80% of predicted needs). A second group (n = 14) was placed on the hypocaloric diet plus resistance exercise plus a high-protein intake (1.5 g/kg/day) using a casein protein hydrolysate. In the third group (n = 14) treatment was identical to the second, except for the use of a whey protein hydrolysate. We found that weight loss was approximately 2.5 kg in all three groups. Mean percent body fat with diet alone decreased from a baseline of 27 +/- 1.8 to 25 +/- 1.3% at 12 weeks. With diet, exercise and casein the decrease was from 26 +/- 1.7 to 18 +/- 1.1% and with diet, exercise and whey protein the decrease was from 27 +/- 1.6 to 23 +/- 1.3%. The mean fat loss was 2.5 +/- 0.6, 7.0 +/- 2.1 and 4.2 +/- 0.9 kg in the three groups, respectively. Lean mass gains in the three groups did not change for diet alone, versus gains of 4 +/- 1.4 and 2 +/- 0.7 kg in the casein and whey groups, respectively. Mean increase in strength for chest, shoulder and legs was 59 +/- 9% for casein and 29 +/- 9% for whey, a significant group difference. This significant difference in body composition and strength is likely due to improved nitrogen retention and overall anticatabolic effects caused by the peptide components of the casein hydrolysate. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, Biomarkers of Inflammation, and Oxidative Stress in People with Overweight, Diabetes, and Coronary Heart Disease: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Synbiotics are known to exert multiple beneficial effects, including anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), biomarkers of inflammation, and oxidative stress in people with overweight, diabetes, and coronary heart disease (CHD). This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted and involved 60 people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD, aged 50-85years old. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to take either synbiotic supplements containing three probiotic bacteria spices Lactobacillus acidophilus strain T16 (IBRC-M10785), Lactobacillus casei strain T2 (IBRC-M10783), and Bifidobacterium bifidum strain T1 (IBRC-M10771) (2x10(9)CFU/g each) plus 800mg inulin or placebo (n=30 each group) for 12weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 12-week intervention period to determine metabolic variables. After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation significantly reduced serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-3101.7 +/- 5109.1 vs. -6.2 +/- 3163.6ng/mL, P=0.02), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) (-0.6 +/- 1.0 vs. -0.1 +/- 0.3mol/L, P=0.01), and significantly increased nitric oxide (NO) levels (+7.8 +/- 10.3 vs. -3.6 +/- 6.9mol/L, P<0.001). We did not observe any significant changes of synbiotic supplementation on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels. Overall, synbiotic supplementation for 12weeks among people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD had beneficial effects on serum hs-CRP, plasma NO, and MDA levels; however, it did not have any effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels.
Protein supplementation lowers blood pressure in overweight adults: effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure (PROPRES), a randomized trial; Background: Dietary protein intake may help to manage blood pressure (BP) and prevent complications associated with elevated BR
Response to conjugated linoleic acid in dairy cows differing in energy and protein status; The trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) isomer inhibits milk fat synthesis, whereas milk yield and synthesis of other milk components generally remain unchanged in established lactation. However, in some CLA studies increases in milk yield, milk protein yield, or both have been observed in cows limited in energy, either in early lactation or when grazing pasture. Our objective was to evaluate the performance and monitor peripheral tissue responses to homeostatic signals regulating lipolysis and glucose uptake with CLA supplementation when cows were limited in metabolizable energy in combination with moderate or excess metabolizable protein supply. Holstein cows (n = 48; 112 +/- 5 d in milk; mean +/- SE) were provided ad libitum access to a diet that met energy and protein requirements for a 16-d standardization interval. Based on performance during this interval, the Cornell Net Carbohydrate and Protein System was used to design energy-limiting rations that provided 80% of metabolizable energy requirements, and these were fed throughout the treatment periods. Cows were randomly allocated to 4 treatments, in a 2-period crossover design. Treatments were 1) moderate metabolizable protein ( MP) supply, 2) moderate MP supply + CLA, 3) excess MP supply, and 4) excess MP supply + CLA. Moderate and excess MP supply were at 88 and 117%, respectively, of the MP requirement established during the standardization period, as estimated by the Cornell Net Carbohydrate and Protein System. Each experimental period comprised 16 d, with crossover of CLA within each protein level. The lipid-encapsulated CLA supplement provided 12 g/d of trans-10, cis-12 CLA. Conjugated linoleic acid treatment reduced milk fat yield by 21% but increased milk yield and milk protein yield by 2.6 and 2.8%, respectively. Milk yield and content and yield of both milk protein and fat were unaltered by either protein treatment alone or in combination with CLA. Basal concentrations of glucose, insulin, and non-esterified fatty acids were unaffected by CLA supplementation. The fractional rate of glucose clearance in response to an insulin challenge and the nonesterified fatty acid response to an epinephrine challenge were also not altered by either CLA treatment or MP supply. Overall, the results demonstrate that CLA supplementation when cows are energy-limited allows for repartitioning of nutrients, resulting in increased yields of milk and milk protein, and this can occur without changes in whole-body glucose homeostasis and adipose tissue response to lipolytic stimuli.
Effects of Dairy Products Consumption on Body Weight and Body Composition Among Adults: An Updated Meta-Analysis of 37 Randomized Control Trials; Scope: Effects of dairy consumption on body weight and body composition have been inconsistently observed in randomized control trials (RCTs). Our meta-analysis aims to systematically evaluate the effects of dairy consumption on body weight and body composition among the adults.
Associations between Yogurt Consumption and Weight Gain and Risk of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review; The role of yogurt consumption in the risk of developing overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome has been the subject of epidemiologic studies over the last 10 y. A comprehensive literature search on MEDLINE and ISI Web of Knowledge from 1966 through June 2016 was conducted to examine the relation between yogurt consumption and weight gain, as well as the risk of overweight, obesity, or metabolic syndrome, in prospective cohort studies. Ten articles met all the inclusion criteria and were included in our systematic review. Of the 10 cohort studies, 3 analyzed the relation between yogurt consumption and the risk of overweight or obesity, 8 analyzed changes in waist circumference or weight changes, 3 studied the association with the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, and 1 studied the probability of abdominal obesity reversion. Although an inverse association between yogurt consumption and the risk of developing overweight or obesity was not fully consistent or always statistically significant, all studies but one showed in their point estimates inverse associations between yogurt consumption and changes in waist circumference, changes in weight, risk of overweight or obesity, and risk of metabolic syndrome during follow-up, although not all estimates were statistically significant ( 2 studies). Prospective cohort studies consistently suggested that yogurt consumption may contribute to a reduction in adiposity indexes and the risk of metabolic syndrome. Therefore, there is a need for more prospective studies and high-quality randomized clinical trials to confirm this apparent inverse association.
The effect of dairy consumption on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Introduction: There is no global consensus on the relationship of dairy products with cardiovascular diseases. This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of the consumption of dairy products on cardiovascular diseases, including stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD).
Dairy augmentation of total and central fat loss in obese subjects; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We have previously demonstrated an antiobesity effect of dietary Ca; this is largely mediated by Ca suppression of calcitriol levels, resulting in reduced adipocyte intracellular Ca2+ and, consequently, a coordinated increase in lipid utilization and decrease in lipogenesis. Notably, dairy Ca is markedly more effective than other Ca sources.
A high-protein low-glycemic index diet attenuates gestational weight gain in pregnant women with obesity: the "An optimized programming of healthy children" (APPROACH) randomized controlled trial; Background: Prepregnancy overweight and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) increase the risk of complications and offspring obesity.
Dairy food consumption is associated with a lower risk of the metabolic syndrome and its components: a systematic review and meta-analysis; A systematic review and a meta-analysis of observational studies were performed to assess the dose-response relationship between specific types of dairy foods and the risk of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. Studies of dairy foods and the risk of the MetS and its components published up to June 2016 were searched using PubMed, EMBASE and a reference search. Random-effects models were used to estimate the pooled relative risks (RR) with 95 % CI. Finally, ten cross-sectional studies, two nested case-control studies and twenty-nine cohort studies were included for the analysis. In a dose-response analysis of cohort studies and cross-sectional studies, the pooled RR of the MetS for a one-serving/d increment of total dairy food (nine studies) and milk (six studies) consumption (200 g/d) were 091 (95 % CI 085, 096) and 087 (95 % CI 079, 095), respectively. The pooled RR of the MetS for yogurt (three studies) consumption (100 g/d) was 082 (95 % CI 073, 091). Total dairy food consumption was associated with lower risk of MetS components, such as hyperglycaemia, elevated blood pressure, hypertriacylglycerolaemia and low HDL- cholesterol. A one-serving/d increment of milk was related to a 12 % lower risk of abdominal obesity, and a one-serving/d increment of yogurt was associated with a 16 % lower risk of hyperglycaemia. These associations were not significantly different by study design, study location or adjustment factors. This meta-analysis showed that specific types of dairy food consumption such as milk and yogurt as well as total dairy food consumption were inversely related to risk of the MetS and its components.
EFFECT OF LONG-TERM ADMINISTRATION OF HUMAN GROWTH HORMONE-RELEASING FACTOR AND (OR) THYROTROPIN-RELEASING FACTOR ON MILK-PRODUCTION, INSULIN-LIKE GROWTH FACTOR-I AND PLASMA CONSTITUENTS IN DAIRY-COWS; Forty-seven Holstein cows (51 +/- 7 d of lactation; 607 +/- 78 kg BW) were randomly subjected to a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement based on milk production.  Milk production and feed intake were recorded every day and milk and feed composition determined once a week for 33 wk (4 wk preinjection, 26 wk of injection and 3 wk postinjection).  During the injection period, cows received daily s.c. injections (10:00 h) in the cervical area of saline (control), human growth hormone-releasing factor (1-29)NH2 (GRF; 10-mu-g kg-1 BW), thyrotropin-releasing factor (TRF; 1-mu-g kg-1 BW) or the combination of both releasing factors (10 and 1-mu-g kg-1 BW, respectively).  Growth hormone-releasing factor enhanced milk production (P < 0.001; 22.1 vs. 24.2 kg 4% FCM per d), feed intake (P < 0.05; 19.0 vs. 19.8 kg DM per d), feed efficiency (P < 0.05; 1.14 vs. 1.21 kg 4% FCM per kg DM) and insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations (P < 0.05) but did not affect milk composition (P > 0.25) or average daily weight gain (P > 0.25).  Thyrotropin-releasing factor did not affect nor did it interact with GRF on any of these variables except for average daily weight gain which was reduced by TRF (P < 0.05; 0.24 vs. 0.12 kg d-1) during the injection period.  Milk production of GRF-treated cows returned to control levels after 3 wk following cessation of treatment.  GRF treatment depressed (P < 0.05) serum urea, creatinine, triglycerides and glutamate pyruvate transaminase concentrations, while TRF treatment increased glucose levels (P < 0.05).  In conclusion, daily s.c. injections of GRF for 6 months stimulated milk production by 9.5% and improved feed efficiency by 6.1% in dairy cows.
Effect of the use of a recombinant bovine somatotropin (rbST) in dairy grazing cows in a tropical environment; This study deals with the evaluation of the effect of a recombinant bovine somatotropin (rbST) oil dairy production and the metabolic status of dairy cows. Twenty crossbreed (Harton del Valle x Holstein) lactating cows (12 weeks of lactation) were selected at random, and separated into two groups (n=10 each), control group (GC) and treatment group (GT). The GT received 500 mg of rbST twice per month until 24 weeks of lactation. Daily milk yield was recorded every day until the end of the study, body condition score was evaluated, and the blood serum concentrations of glucose, cholesterol, and urea were analyzed, and milk urea was determined. Comparisons among groups to evaluate the effect of treatment and sampling period were made by using an ANOVA test. Milk production was higher (7.4%) in the GT (P<0.05). Body condition score was similar between groups (P>0.05). Mean blood serum concentration of glucose and cholesterol was similar between groups (P>0.05). There was a tendency for the concentration of urea in the milk (P=0.20) to be lower in the GT. The use of rbST induced a higher milk yield in dairy cows in a tropical environment, but the nutritional requirements of the cows in both groups were higher and the feed intakes were not sufficiently high to support these additional requirements.
Effects of garlic oil on milk fatty acid profile and lipogenesis-related gene expression in mammary gland of dairy goats; BACKGROUND: Garlic oil (GO) has blood lipid-lowering effects. Milk fatty acid (FA) originates partly from plasma, and can be affected by the mammary lipogenesis. This study aimed to investigate GO effects on milk FA profile and mammary lipogenesis-related gene expression. Early-lactation goats were randomly allocated to four treatments with six goats each, and offered corn silage ad libitum and fixed amount of 0.79 kg day-1 dry matter (DM) concentrate mixed with GO (0, 0.57, 1.14, 1.71 g kg-1 DM) for 30 days consisting of 26-day adaptation. RESULTS: Intake of corn silage reduced (P=0.05) as GO level increased in the concentrate. Lipase activity and lactose content linearly increased, while non-esterified FA concentration quadratically decreased with increasing GO level (P=0.05). The proportions of short- and medium-chain (C14:0, C15:0 and C16:0) and saturated FA decreased, whereas C18, cis9 trans11 conjugated linoleic acid (c9t11 CLA), t10c12 CLA, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated FA, and some = C20 FA proportions increased in a linear manner with increasing GO level (P=0.05). The mRNA abundance of genes remained unchanged (P > 0.1) as GO level increased. CONCLUSION: Garlic oil altered milk FA profile and these effects may not be related to the mammary lipogenesis-related genes expression. (C) 2012 Society of Chemical Industry
Preventive effects of multiple domain interventions on lifestyle and risk factor changes in stroke survivors: Evidence from a two-year randomized trial; Background and aim Behavioral and lifestyle interventions in stroke patients need to be intense enough to result in sustainable treatment differences among groups of a randomized trial. Therefore, we report the effects of multidomain interventions on lifestyle and laboratory parameters after 12 and 24 months from a trial that examined whether intensive risk factor management can prevent cognitive decline in ischemic stroke patients.
Skim milk as a recovery beverage after exercise is superior to a sports drink for reducing next-day postprandial blood glucose and increasing postprandial fat oxidation; Wedetermined the effect of consuming low-glycemic index (LGI) skimmilk compared to a high-glycemic index (HGI) sports drink following evening exercise on fat oxidation and blood lipids after a subsequent high-energy breakfast. We hypothesized that postexercise skim milk consumption, compared to sports drink, would increase fat oxidation and lower harmful blood lipid and glucose concentrations after a next-day high-energy breakfast. In this randomized counterbalanced crossover trial, 20 overweight-obese participants (bodymass index = 25 kg/m(2)) underwent 4 conditions: 90-minute exercise (50% VO2peak) followed by sports drink (EX-HGI), exercise followed by isoenergetic skimmilk (EX-LGI), exercise followed bywater (Exercise), and a control condition (Control). The amount of the sports drink or milk consumed postexercise was based on the energy used during exercise plus 10%. Blood lipids, glucose, and fat oxidation were assessed before and for 6 hours after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. Fat oxidation was highest for EX-LGI (6.7 +/- 2.7 g/h) and lowest for EX-HGI (6.0 +/- 1.8 g/h) (conditionmain effect; P =.042). Triglyceride concentration and total area under the curve were higher with EX-HGI than Exercise (1.7 +/- 1.6 vs 1.3 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, P =.037, and 11.7 +/- 9.4 vs 8.6 +/- 6.0 mmol L-1 h, P =.005, respectively). Glucose concentration was lower with EX-LGI than EX-HGI (4.1 +/- 1.1 vs 4.4 +/- 1.1 mmol/L, P =.027). Homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance was higher with EXHGI than Control (2.32 +/- 1.15 vs 1.86 +/- 0.97, P =.005). In conclusion, evening postexercise skim milk consumption, compared with a high-GI sports drink, significantly reduced blood glucose and possibly increased fat oxidation after a high-energy breakfast the next morning. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of Palm Stearin versus Butter in the Context of Low-Carbohydrate/High-Fat and High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diets on Circulating Lipids in a Controlled Feeding Study in Healthy Humans; Background. Foods rich in saturated fatty acids (SFAs) have been discouraged by virtue of their cholesterol-raising potential, but this effect is modulated by the food source and background level of carbohydrate. Objective. We aimed to compare the consumption of palm stearin (PS) versus butter on circulating cholesterol responses in the setting of both a low-carbohydrate/high-fat (LC/HF) and high-carbohydrate/low-fat (HC/LF) diet in healthy subjects. We also explored effects on plasma lipoprotein particle distribution and fatty acid composition. Methods. We performed a randomized, controlled-feeding, cross-over study that compared a PS- versus a Butter-based diet in a group of normocholesterolemic, non-obese adults. A controlled canola oil-based 'Run-In' diet preceded the experimental PS and Butter diets. All diets were eucaloric, provided for 3-weeks, and had the same macronutrient distribution but varied in primary fat source (40% of the total fat). The same Run-In and cross-over experiments were done in two separate groups who self-selected to either a LC/HF (n = 12) or a HC/LF (n = 12) diet track. The primary outcomes were low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-C, triglycerides, and LDL particle distribution. Results. Compared to PS, Butter resulted in higher LDL-C in both the LC/HF (13.4%, p = 0.003) and HC/LF (10.8%, p = 0.002) groups, which was primarily attributed to large LDL I and LDL IIa particles. There were no differences between PS and Butter in HDL-C, triglycerides, or small LDL particles. Oxidized LDL was lower after PS than Butter in LC/HF (p = 0.011), but not the HC/LF group. Conclusions. These results demonstrate that Butter raises LDL-C relative to PS in healthy normocholesterolemic adults regardless of background variations in carbohydrate and fat, an effect primarily attributed to larger cholesterol-rich LDL particles.
<i>Short communication</i>: Relationship between body condition score and plasma adipokines in early-lactating Holstein dairy cows; We hypothesized that plasma adipokine concentrations of early-lactation dairy cows are related to body condition score (BCS) at calving and to markers of metabolic status of the cow. As part of a larger study with 117 multiparous Holstein dairy cows, which had high BCS (BCS >4.0) or normal BCS (3.25-3.5) at calving, 22 cows were randomly selected (n = 11 per group) to be enrolled in this study. Cows were divided into 2 groups based on their BCS at calving: (1) normal BCS with BCS of 3.35 +/- 0.13 (mean +/- SD) and (2) high BCS cows with BCS of 4.14 +/- 0.17. The 22 selected animals did not have a clinically diagnosed health problem after calving. Blood samples were taken right after calving (d 1) and before morning feeding on d 8, 15, and 21 postpartum concurrently with body condition scoring for all cows. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma adiponectin, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and IL-6. The mean BCS remained highest in high-BCS cows during the first 21 d in milk. Leptin concentrations decreased progressively for all cows after calving. However, differences in BCS at calving were not related to leptin concentrations. Adiponectin, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were neither influenced by days in milk nor BCS after calving. Leptin and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio did not show any correlation at any time point during the first 21 d in milk with plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids or beta-hydroxybutyrate, which are considered as markers of metabolic status. Only for IL-6 at d 8 did we find a strong correlation with metabolic status indicators. In conclusion, plasma adipokine concentrations during the first 3 wk postpartum were not related to BCS in lactating Holstein cows that were clinically healthy at calving.
Daily milk consumption and all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease and stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational cohort studies; Background: Observational studies and meta-analyses relating milk consumption by adults to all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease and stroke have obtained contradictory results. Some studies found a protective effect of milk consumption, whilst other found an increased risk.
Effect of milk protein intake and casein-to-whey ratio in breakfast meals on postprandial glucose, satiety ratings, and subsequent meal intake; Whey and casein proteins differentially affect postprandial blood glucose and satiety mechanisms, with relevance for type 2 diabetes and obesity. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to investigate the effect of the casein-to-whey protein ratio and total protein concentration of milks consumed with cereal on postprandial blood glucose, appetite ratings, and subsequent food intake in a randomized, controlled, double-blinded study with healthy young adults (n = 32, 23.4 +/- 3.1 yr, body mass index = 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)). Fasted participants consumed milk (250 mL) with either 80:20 or 40:60 (modified) casein-to-whey protein ratios at commercially normal (3.1%, wt) or high protein (9.3%, wt) concentration, or control (water with whey permeate), each along with 2 servings of oat-based breakfast cereal. Blood glucose concentrations were determined from finger prick blood samples and appetite was assessed using visual analog scales. Participants consumed a measured ad libitum pizza lunch at 120 min and blood glucose determination and appetite assessment continued following the lunch meal (140-200 min) to observe the second meal effect. Pre-lunch (0-120 min) incremental area under the curve (iAUC) and mean change from baseline blood glucose were reduced with consumption of all milk treatments relative to control. However, we found no differences between all treatments on pre-lunch appetite change from baseline and total area under the curve (tAUC) or lunch meal food intake. In terms of protein concentration results, high protein (9.3%, wt) treatments contrasted to normal protein (3.1%, wt) treatments lowered blood glucose change from baseline and iAUC, and post-lunch appetite change from baseline and tAUC. Protein ratio showed a modest effect in that modified (40:60) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch blood glucose change from baseline but not iAUC, and normal (80:20) protein ratio lowered pre-lunch appetite change from baseline but not tAUC. Therefore, high-carbohydrate breakfast meals with increased protein concentration (9.3%, wt) could be a dietary strategy for the attenuation of blood glucose and improved satiety ratings after the second meal.
Milk protects against sarcopenic obesity due to increase in the genus <i>Akkermansia</i> in faeces of <i>db/db</i> mice; BackgroundSarcopenic obesity, a combination of sarcopenia and obesity, is a pathological feature of type 2 diabetes. Several human studies have shown that milk is useful in the prevention of sarcopenia. This study was aimed at clarifying the effect of milk on the prevention of sarcopenic obesity in db/db mice. MethodsA randomized and investigator-blinded study was conducted using male db/db mice. Eight-week-old db/db mice were housed for 8 weeks and fed milk (100 mu L/day) using a sonde. The faecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) group received antibiotics for 2 weeks, starting at 6 weeks of age, followed by FMT twice a week until 16 weeks of age. ResultsMilk administration to db/db mice increased grip strength (Milk-: 164.2 +/- 4.7 g, Milk+: 230.2 +/- 56.0 g, P = 0.017), muscle mass (soleus muscle, Milk-: 164.2 +/- 4.7 mg, Milk+: 230.2 +/- 56.0 mg, P < 0.001; plantaris muscle, Milk-: 13.3 +/- 1.2 mg, Milk+: 16.0 +/- 1.7 mg, P < 0.001) and decreased visceral fat mass (Milk-: 2.39 +/- 0.08 g, Milk+: 1.98 +/- 0.04 mg, P < 0.001), resulting in a significant increase in physical activity (light: P = 0.013, dark: P = 0.034). FMT from mice fed milk not only improved sarcopenic obesity but also significantly improved glucose intolerance. Microarray analysis of gene expression in the small intestine revealed that the expression of amino acid absorption transporter genes, namely, SIc7a5 (P = 0.010), SIc7a1 (P = 0.015), Ppp1r15a (P = 0.041) and SIc7a11 (P = 0.029), was elevated in mice fed milk. In 16S rRNA sequencing of gut microbiota, the genus Akkermansia was increased in both the mice fed milk and the FMT group from the mice fed milk. ConclusionsThe findings of this study suggest that besides increasing the intake of nutrients, such as amino acids, milk consumption also changes the intestinal environment, which might contribute to the mechanism of milk-induced improvement of sarcopenic obesity.
Postprandial metabolism and gut permeability in calves fed milk replacer with different macronutrient profiles or a whole milk powder; Significant differences exist in the composition of current milk replacers (MR) and bovine whole milk. This study investigated how the macronutrient profile of 3 different MR formulations containing varying amounts of fat, lactose, and protein, and a whole milk powder (WP), affect postprandial metabolism and gut permeability in male Holstein calves. Sixty-four calves (45.4 +/- 4.19 kg [mean +/- SD] and 1.8 +/- 0.62 d of age) were blocked in order of arrival to the facility and within each block, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments. Treatments included a high -fat MR (HF: 25.0% dry matter [DM] fat, 22.5% protein, 38.6% lactose; n = 14), a high -lactose MR (HL: 44.6% lactose, 22.5% protein, 18.0% fat; n = 17), a high -protein MR (HP: 26.0% protein, 18.0% fat, 41.5% lactose; n = 17), and WP (26.0% fat, 24.5% protein, 38.0% lactose; n = 16). Calves were fed 3.0 L (135 g/L) 3 times daily at 0600, 1200, and 1800 h with a teat bucket. Milk intake was recorded daily for the first 28 d after arrival, and blood sampling and body weight measurements were performed at arrival and on d 7, 14, 21, and 27. Gut permeability was estimated from fractional urinary excretion of indigestible markers (Cr-EDTA, lactulose, and D-mannitol) administered as a single dose on d 21 instead of the morning milk meal. Digestibility was determined simultaneously from a total collection of feces over 24 h. Postprandial dynamics were measured on d 28 by sequential blood sampling over 7.5 h. Dry matter intake of MR over 28 d was slightly greater in calves fed HL and HP than in WP. Recovery of Cr-EDTA and D-mannitol over a 24-h urine collection was greater in calves fed WP and HP than HL calves. Apparent totaltract digestibility of crude ash, protein, and fat did not differ among treatments; however, DM digestibility was lower in calves fed WP than in other treatment groups. In addition, abomasal emptying, as indicated by the area under the curve (AUC) for acetaminophen, was slower in calves fed WP than in calves fed HF and HL. The AUC for postprandial plasma glucose was lower in calves fed HL than WP and HF and lower in calves fed HP than WP. The AUC for postprandial serum insulin was greater in calves fed HP than WP and HF, whereas calves fed HL did not differ from the other treatments. Postprandial triglycerides were greater in calves fed WP, and postprandial adiponectin was higher in calves fed HL than other treatments. The high content of lactose and protein in MR had a major effect on postprandial metabolism. This raises the possibility of optimizing MR formulations to maintain metabolic homeostasis and influence development.
Proposed Role of Calcium and Dairy Food Components in Weight Management and Metabolic Health; Dietary calcium and dairy foods have demonstrated an anti obesity effect in animal studies, observational and population studies, and randomized clinical trials. Moreover, there is a strong theoretical framework to explain the effects of dietary calcium on energy metabolism. The supporting mechanisms include dietary calcium-correcting suboptimal calcium intakes, thereby preventing the endocrine response (parathyroid hormone [PTH] and calcitriol), which favors adipocyte energy storage and inhibits adipocyte loss via apoptosis. Dietary calcium appears to further promote energy loss via formation of calcium soaps in the gastrointestinal tract and thereby modestly reduces net energy absorption. Dietary calcium appears to be responsible for approximately 50% of the anti obesity bioactivity of dairy foods. The additional dairy bioactivity has not been fully identified, but is primarily localized in whey protein. The major components are the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor activity of whey proteins and the high concentration of leucine in whey. This high leucine content appears to be primarily responsible for the repartitioning of dietary energy from adipose tissue to skeletal muscle during weight loss, resulting in greater preservation of skeletal muscle and accelerated loss of adipose tissue during negative energy balance. Finally, high-calcium diets suppress obesity-induced oxidative and inflammatory stress independently from its role in modulating adiposity; these effects are similarly augmented by other dairy food components. However, the number of randomized clinical trials conducted is still modest, and a small number have not confirmed significant effects in weight management. Thus, the protective effects of dairy foods against obesity and its comorbidities are promising, but warrant further large-scale studies.
Calcium and dairy acceleration of weight and fat loss during energy restriction in obese adults; Objective: Increasing 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D in response to low-calcium diets stimulates adipocyte Ca2+ influx and, as a consequence, stimulates lipogenesis, suppresses lipolysis, and increases lipid accumulation, whereas increasing dietary calcium inhibits these effects and markedly accelerates fat loss in mice subjected to caloric restriction. Our objective was to determine the effects of increasing dietary calcium in the face of caloric restriction in humans.
Topical fat reduction; The fat on women's thighs is more difficult to mobilize due to increased alpha-2 adrenergic receptor activity induced by estrogen, Lipolysis can be initiated through adipocyte receptor stimulation (beta adrenergic) or inhibition (adenosine or alpha-2 adrenergic) or by inhibition of phosphodiesterase, Since many women desire regional thigh fat loss,a series of clinical trials were initiated using one thigh as a double blinded control, Trial #1: Five overweight women had injections of isoproterenol at intervals around the thigh three times a week for 4 weeks with diet and walking, Trial #2: Five overweight woman had ointment containing forskolin, yohimbine and aminophylline applied to the thigh five times a week for 4 weeks after hypertonic warm soaks with a diet and walking, Trial #3: Eighteen overweight women were divided into three groups of six and trial #2 was repeated with each agent alone vs, placebo using forskolin, yohimbine or aminophylline in separate ointments, Trial #4: Thirty overweight women had 10% aminophylline ointment applied to the thigh five times a week for 6 weeks with diet and walking, Chemistry panel, theophylline level and patch testing were performed, Trial #5: Twelve women had trial #4 repeated with 2% aminophylline cream without a diet or walking, Trial #6: Trial #5 was repeated with 0.5% aminophylline cream, All trials except yohimbine ointment gave significantly more girth loss from the treated thigh (p<0,05 to p<0,001), Chemistry panel showed no toxicity, Theophylline was undetectable and patch testing was negative, We conclude that topical fat reduction for women's thighs can be achieved without diet or exercise.
A natural butterfat that elicits clinically significant lowering of total- and LDL-cholesterol when added to the diet of normal men: a novel route to decreasing cardiovascular risk in human populations?; Current US guidelines recommend that less than 30% of dietary energy (en%) in adults should derive from total fats, in part to limit excessive intake of saturated fats, which is linked to atherosclerosis, obesity and some cancers. Dairy foods are a major source of saturated fats, so such guidelines effectively advocate decreased consumption of dairy products to 2-4 servings daily. Milk containing increased unsaturated fatty acids has been produced by feeding cows with a protected feed supplement rich in oleic acid. Feeding of butterfat derived from this milk elicited decreased blood LDL-C in two of three trials. To resolve ongoing uncertainty concerning the efficacy of butterfat per se, we have investigated its blood lipid-lowering potential in 20 healthy male subjects using a double-blind, randomised, intervention trial. During this residential trial, all foods and beverages were provided during two intervention periods, comprising 3 weeks of high unsaturated 'modified' vs. 3 weeks of saturated 'control' butter feeding separated by a 4-week washout period. Diets were of typical composition of 39 en% fat (20 en% butterfat), 48 en% CHO, 13 en% protein. There were significant decreases in both total (p <0.05, -7.9%) and LDL-C (p <0.01, -9.5%) during feeding of modified butter, but no significant changes in a range of other risk factors including HDL-C, TG, or fasting glucose (p >0.05). Subjects were maintained in energy balance with no significant change in body weight during interventions; butterfat composition alone differed between treatments. Thus, clinically significant improvement in cardiovascular risk can be achieved by moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile achieved through a common and well-accepted food source, butterfat.
The Role of Bovine and Non-Bovine Milk in Cardiometabolic Health: Should We Raise the "Baa"?; Although causality is yet to be confirmed, a considerable volume of research has explored the relationships between cow milk consumption, type II diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Contrastingly, it has not been comprehensively examined whether milk of non-bovine origin can provide cardiometabolic protection. This narrative review outlines the marked differences in macronutrient composition, particularly protein and lipid content, and discusses how whole milk product (and individual milk ingredients) from different species could impact cardiometabolic health. There is some data, although primarily from compositional analyses, animal studies, and acute clinical trials, that non-bovine milk (notably sheep and goat milk) could be a viable substitute to cow milk for the maintenance, or enhancement, of cardiometabolic health. With a high content of medium-chain triglycerides, conjugated linoleic acid, leucine, and essential minerals, sheep milk could assist in the prevention of metabolic-related disorders. Similarly, albeit with a lower content of such functional compounds relative to sheep milk, goat and buffalo milk could be plausible counterparts to cow milk. However, the evidence required to generate nutritional recommendations for 'non-bovine milk' is currently lacking. Longer-term randomised controlled trials must assess how the bioactive ingredients of different species' milks collectively influence biomarkers of, and subsequently incidence of, cardiometabolic health.
Associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating odd-chain fatty acids in post-myocardial infarction patients; Background Circulating odd-chain fatty acids pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic acid (17:0) are considered to reflect dairy intake. In cohort studies, higher circulating 15:0 and 17:0 were associated with lower type 2 diabetes risk. A recent randomized controlled trial in humans suggested that fiber intake also increased circulating 15:0 and 17:0, potentially resulting from fermentation by gut microbes. We examined the associations of dairy and fiber intake with circulating 15:0 and 17:0 in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI). Methods We performed cross-sectional analyses in a subsample of 869 Dutch post-MI patients of the Alpha Omega Cohort who had data on dietary intake and circulating fatty acids. Dietary intakes (g/d) were assessed using a 203-item food frequency questionnaire. Circulating 15:0 and 17:0 (as % of total fatty acids) were measured in plasma phospholipids (PL) and cholesteryl esters (CE). Spearman correlations (r(s)) were computed between intakes of total dairy, dairy fat, fiber, and circulating 15:0 and 17:0. Results Patients were on average 69 years old, 78% was male and 21% had diabetes. Total dairy intake comprised predominantly milk and yogurt (69%). Dairy fat was mainly derived from cheese (47%) and milk (15%), and fiber was mainly from grains (43%). Circulating 15:0 in PL was significantly correlated with total dairy and dairy fat intake (both r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001), but not with dietary fiber intake (r(s) = 0.05, p = 0.11). Circulating 17:0 in PL was correlated both with dairy intake (r(s) = 0.14 for total dairy and 0.11 for dairy fat, p < 0.001), and fiber intake (r(s) = 0.19, p < 0.001). Results in CE were roughly similar, except for a weaker correlation of CE 17:0 with fiber (r(s) = 0.11, p = 0.001). Circulating 15:0 was highest in those with high dairy intake irrespective of fiber intake, while circulating 17:0 was highest in those with high dairy and fiber intake. Conclusions In our cohort of post-MI patients, circulating 15:0 was associated with dairy intake but not fiber intake, whereas circulating 17:0 was associated with both dairy and fiber intake. These data suggest that cardiometabolic health benefits previously attributed to 17:0 as a biomarker of dairy intake may partly be explained by fiber intake.
Genetically predicted milk consumption and bone health, ischemic heart disease and type 2 diabetes: a Mendelian randomization study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk provides protein and micronutrients, and is recommended by some dietary guidelines, particularly for bone health. Meta-analysis of small randomized controlled trials suggests that milk may increase bone mineral density, but they are very heterogeneous. No randomized controlled trial has assessed the effects of milk on major chronic diseases. Previous Mendelian randomization studies of milk did not consider bone health, found no effects on ischemic heart disease (IHD) or type 2 diabetes (T2D) but higher body mass index. Using larger genetic studies, we estimated the effects of milk on osteoporosis, IHD, T2D, adiposity, lipids and glycemic traits.
Hepatic and extrahepatic expression of serum amyloid A3 during lactation in dairy cows; Serum amyloid A3 (SAA3) is the predominant SAA isoform secreted by mammary epithelial cells in dairy cows; it is also expressed in bovine adipose tissue (AT). The adipokine SAA3 is linked to obesity and insulin resistance of AT and the respective inflammatory response, at least in mice. Dietary treatment with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reportedly also affects insulin sensitivity and inflammatory status in monogastrics. Both SAA3 and CLA thus seem to alter similar functions. Based on changes in insulin sensitivity and the inflammatory status throughout lactation, we hypothesized that the mRNA abundance of SAA3 in various tissues might be regulated as well and that CLA could be a modulator of SAA3 mRNA expression. In 2 trials, 21 pluriparous and 25 primiparous Holstein cows were fed 100 g/d of a CLA or a control fat supplement from d 1 to 182 or 105 postpartum, respectively. Biopsies from liver and subcutaneous (s.c.) AT from pluriparous cows and samples from 3 different visceral AT and 3 s.c. AT, muscle, mammary gland, and liver tissue from slaughtered primiparous cows were obtained. In an adipocyte cell culture system, cell samples were collected during differentiation of bovine preadipocytes at d 0, 2, 6, 8, 10, 12, and 13 relative to the onset of differentiation. The SAA3 mRNA abundance in tissues and in differentiating bovine preadipocytes was measured by real-time PCR. The presence of the SAA protein was confirmed by Western blotting. Treatment with CLA yielded only few and inconsistent effects on SAA3 mRNA abundance. In both trials, SAA3 mRNA peaked at d 1 postpartum in all tissues except in mesenteric AT, in which the change was not significant. The highest SAA3 mRNA expression was observed in the mammary gland, followed by omental AT. The SAA protein was present in the visceral and s.c. AT depots investigated. Adipocytes as one source of SAA3 were confirmed by the SAA3 mRNA profile in differentiating adipocytes. The longitudinal changes observed point to SAA3 being involved in the inflammatory situation around parturition.
Effects of 15-d repeated consumption of <i>Hoodia gordonii</i> purified extract on safety, ad libitum energy intake, and body weight in healthy, overweight women: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Extracts from Hoodia gordonii have been shown to decrease food intakes and body weights in animals and were proposed as a food supplement or ingredient for weight management.
Effects of dietary rumen-protected choline supplementation to periparturient dairy cattle on inflammation, metabolism, and performance during an intramammary lipopolysaccharide challenge; Recent studies have suggested that dietary rumen protected choline (RPC) supplementation can modulate immune function, attenuate inflammation, and improve performance in periparturient dairy cattle; however, this has yet to be evaluated during a mastitis challenge. Therefore, the objective of this study was to examine the effects of supplementation and dose of RPC on metabolism, inflammation, and performance during an intramammary lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge. Parous Holstein cows (parity, mean +/- SD, 1.9 +/- 1.1 at enrollment) were blocked by calving month and randomly assigned within block to receive either 45 g/d of RPC (20.4 g/d of choline ions; CHOL45, n = 18), 30 g/d of RPC (13.6 g/d of choline ions; CHOL30, n = 21), or no RPC (CON, n = 19) as a top-dress starting 24 d before expected calving until 21 d postpartum. Cows were alternately assigned within treatment group to either receive an intramammary LPS challenge (200 mu g in each rear quarter; Escherichia coli O111:B4) or not at 17 DIM. Before the challenge, CHOL45 and CHOL30 cows produced 3.4 and 3.8 (+/- 1.2 SED) kg/d more milk than CON, respectively. Dietary RPC supplementation did not mitigate the milk loss associated with the intramammary LPS challenge; however, CHOL45 and CHOL30 cows produced 3.1 and 3.5 (+/- 1.4 SED) kg/d more milk than CON, respectively in the carryover period (22 to 84 DIM). Dietary RPC supplementation enhanced plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations before the LPS challenge, and increased plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and acetylcarnitine concentrations during the LPS challenge, potentially reflecting greater adipose tissue mobilization, fatty acid transport and oxidation. Aside from trimethylamine N-oxide and sarcosine, which were increased in CHOL45-LPS as compared with CON-LPS, most other choline metabolite concentrations in plasma were unaffected by treatment, likely because more choline was being secreted in milk. Plasma lactic acid concentrations were decreased in CHOL45-LPS and CHOL30-LPS as compared with CON-LPS, suggesting a reduction in glycolysis or an enhancement in the flux through the lactic acid cycle to support gluconeogenesis. Plasma concentrations of fumaric acid, a byproduct of AA catabolism and the urea cycle, were increased in both choline groups as compared with CON-LPS during the LPS challenge. Cows in the CHOL45 group had greater plasma antioxidant potential before the LPS challenge and reduced plasma methionine sulfoxide concentrations during the LPS challenge compared with CON-LPS, suggesting an improvement in oxidant status. Nevertheless, concentrations of inflammatory markers such as haptoglobin and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) were not affected by treatment. Taken together, our data suggest that the effects of dietary RPC supplementation on milk yield could be mediated through metabolic pathways and are unlikely to be related to the resolution of inflammation in periparturient dairy cattle. Lastly, dose responses to dietary RPC supplementation were not found for various economically important outcomes including milk yield, limiting the justification for feeding a greater dietary RPC dose in industry.
Source of metabolizable energy affects gene transcription in metabolic pathways in adipose and liver tissue of nonlactating, pregnant dairy cows; The objective of this experiment was to determine if transcript abundance of genes involved in metabolic pathways in adipose and liver tissue could provide some explanation for the low efficiency with which ME in autumn pasture is used for BW gain. Nonlactating, pregnant (208 +/- 19 d of gestation or approximately 75 d precalving) dairy cows (n = 90) were randomly allocated to either a control diet (i.e., offered fresh autumn pasture to maintenance requirements: 0.55 MJ ME/kg of measured metabolic BW [BW0.75] per day) or, in addition to the control diet, 1 of 2 supplement amounts (2.5 and 5.0 kg DM/d) of autumn pasture or 1 of 4 supplementary feeds (i.e., a control and 2 levels of feeding for each of 5 feeds: 11 groups of cows). Along with autumn pasture, evaluated feeds included spring pasture silage, maize silage, maize grain, and palm kernel expeller. Adipose and liver tissues were biopsied in wk 4 of the experiment and transcript abundance of genes involved in metabolic pathways associated with energy metabolism, lipolysis, and lipogenesis was determined. Additional feed, irrespective of type, increased BW gain (P < 0.01) and this effect was reflected in the expression of genes in adipose and liver tissue. However, autumn pasture had lower energy-use efficiency than the other feeds. Genes involved in both lipogenesis (ACACA, THRSP, GPAM, GPD1, and LPL) and lipolysis (PNPLA2) were upregulated (P < 0.05) in adipose tissue in response to increased ME intake/kilogram BW0.75. Hepatic expression of APOA1 decreased and that of APOB increased (P < 0.05) in cows offered maize grain and maize silage (i.e., starch-containing feeds). In comparison, pasture-fed cows demonstrated a degree of uncoupling of the somatotropic axis, with lower hepatic transcript abundance of both GHR1A and IGF-1 compared with cows offered any of the other 4 feeds. Changes to gene transcription indicate a possible molecular mechanism for the poor BW gain evident in ruminants consuming autumn pasture.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately $26 billion and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of $200 billion. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Studies on hepatic lipidosis and coinciding health and fertility problems of high-producing dairy cows using the "Utrecht fatty liver model of dairy cows". A review; Fatty liver or hepatic lipidosis is a major metabolic disorder of high-producing dairy cows that occurs rather frequently in early lactation and is associated with decreased health, production and fertility. A background section of the review explores reasons why high-producing dairy cows are prone to develop fatty liver postpartum. Hepatic lipidosis and coinciding health and fertility problems seriously endanger profitability and longevity of the dairy cow. Results from a great number of earlier epidemiological and clinical studies made it clear that a different approach was needed for elucidation of pathogenesis and etiology of this complex of health problems. There was a need for an adequate animal model in which hepatic lipidosis and production, health and fertility problems could be provoked under controlled conditions. It was hypothesized that. overconditioning ante partum and feed restriction postpartum might induce lipolysis in adipose tissue and triacylglycerol accumulation in the liver following calving. This consideration formed the basis for the experiments, which resulted in the "Utrecht fatty liver model of dairy cows". In this model, postpartum triacylglycerol-lipidosis as well as the whole complex of health and fertility problems are induced under well-controlled conditions. The experimental protocol based on this hypothesis produced in all cases (10 feeding trials with over 150 dairy cattle) the intended result, i.e. all experimental cows developed post partum higher hepatic triacylglycerol concentrations than did control cows. The model was evaluated in biochemical, clinical pathology, immunological, clinical and fertility terms. It turned out that in this model, postpartum triacylglycerol-lipidosis as well as the whole complex of health and fertility problems were induced under well-controlled conditions.
Efficacy of Estradiol Cream for Venipuncture Pain in Obese Female Patients: A Pilot Study; Introduction: Venipuncture is often a painful procedure causing significant anxiety, distress, and psychological consequences. We evaluated the efficacy of estradiol cream and compared it with a eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream for alleviation of venipuncture pain and to make cannulation easy in female obese patients.
Whey Protein Supplementation Preserves Postprandial Myofibrillar Protein Synthesis during Short-Term Energy Restriction in Overweight and Obese Adults; Background: Higher dietary energy as protein during weight loss results in a greater loss of fat mass and retention of muscle mass; however, the impact of protein quality on the rates of myofibrillar protein synthesis (MPS) and lipolysis, processes that are important in the maintenance of muscle and loss of fat, respectively, are unknown.
Effects of pasture versus confinement and marine oil supplementation on the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism in mammary, liver, and adipose tissues of lactating dairy cows; Research was conducted to evaluate the effects of management system (MS), marine lipid supplementation (LS), and their interaction on the relative mRNA abundance of 11 genes involved in lipid synthesis in mammary, liver, and subcutaneous adipose tissues in lactating dairy cows. These genes included those involved in FA uptake (LPL), de novo FA synthesis (ACACA, FASN), FA desaturation (SCD1, FADS1, FADS2), and transcriptional regulation of lipogenesis (SREBF1, SCAP, INSIG1, THRSP, and PPARG). Forty-eight peripartal Holstein cows were blocked by parity and predicted calving date and assigned to either a pasture (n = 23) or confinement (n = 25) system. Within each system, cows were allocated randomly (7-9 cows per treatment) to a control (no oil supplement) or 1 of 2 isolipidic (200 g/d) supplements, fish oil (FO) or microalgae (MA), for 125 +/- 5 d starting 30 d precalving. The experiment was conducted as a split-plot design, with MS being the whole plot treatment and LS as the subplot treatment. At 100 2 DIM, 4 cows from each treatment combination (24 cows in total) were euthanized and tissue samples were collected for gene expression analysis. No interactions between MS and LS were observed regarding any of the variables measured in this study. Milk production (34.0 vs. 40.1 kg/d), milk fat (1.10 vs. 1.41 kg/d), protein (0.95 vs. 1.22 kg/d), and lactose (1.56 vs. 1.86 kg/d) were lower for pasture compared with confinement. The effect of LS on milk production and milk composition (yields and contents) was significant only for milk fat content that was reduced with MA compared with FO (3.00 vs. 3.40%) and the control (3.56%). The mammary mRNA abundance of PPARG (-32%) and FASN (-29%) was lower in grazing compared with confined cows, which was accompanied by reduced (-43%) secretion of de novo synthesized fatty acids in milk. Grazing was associated with reduced expression of ACACA (-48%), FASN (-48%), and THRSP (-53%) in subcutaneous adipose tissues, which was consistent with the lower body condition score (i.e., lower net adipose tissue deposition) in grazing compared with confined cows. Feeding either FO or MA downregulated hepatic expression of FASN, SCD1, FADS2, and THRSP. The reduced secretion of de novo synthesized fatty acids in milk of grazing cows compared with confined cows might be related in part to the downregulation of genes involved in lipid synthesis, and that LS have tissue-specific effects on expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism, with liver being the most responsive tissue.
Meta-Analysis of Milk Consumption and the Risk of Cognitive Disorders; The association between milk intake and cognitive disorders has been investigated in several epidemiological studies, but the findings are still conflicting. No quantitative assessment has been performed to evaluate the potential relationship of milk intake and cognitive disorders. From the inception to October 2016, the PubMed and the Embase databases were searched for observational studies reporting the association of milk consumption and cognitive disorders (Alzheimer's disease, dementia, and cognitive decline/impairment). A generic inverse-variance random-effects method was used to pool the Odds Ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the highest compared with the lowest level of milk intake. Subgroup and meta-regression analyses were used to assess the heterogeneity between subgroups. We identified seven articles involving a total of 10,941 participants. The highest level of milk consumption was significantly associated with a decreased risk of cognitive disorders, and the pooled OR (95% CI) was 0.72 (0.56, 0.93), with evidence of significant heterogeneity (I-2 = 64%, p = 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that the association was more pronounced in ischemic stroke patients based on a single study. Furthermore, the inverse association between milk intake and cognitive disorders was limited to Asian subjects, and the African populations showed an intermediate non-significant trend. Although we have obtained a significant association, an established relationship cannot be drawn due to the study limitation. Large prospective studies are needed to quantify the potential dose-response patterns of milk intake and to explore the association in populations with different characteristics.
FREQUENCY OF CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS AMONG DAIRY WORKERS; Objective: To find out frequency of various risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in dairy workers
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on weight loss and body fat composition in a Chinese population; Objective: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has several benefits, including body fat reduction, as proved in animals. However, the results of CIA-induced body composition alterations in humans are inconsistent, and no related data are available for Chinese populations. This study aimed to determine whether CLA affects body weight (BW) loss and body composition of overweight and obese Chinese subjects.
The impact of obesity-related SNP on appetite and energy intake; An increasing number of studies have reported a heritable component for the regulation of energy intake and eating behaviour, although the individual polymorphisms and their 'effect size' are not fully elucidated. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between specific SNP and appetite responses and energy intake in overweight men. In a randomised cross-over trial, forty overweight men (age 32 (SD 09) years; BMI 27 (SD 2) kg/m(2)) attended four sessions 1 week apart and received three isoenergetic and isovolumetric servings of dairy snacks or water (control) in random order. Appetite ratings were determined using visual analogue scales and energy intake at an ad libitum lunch was assessed 90 min after the dairy snacks. Individuals were genotyped for SNP in the fat mass and obesity-associated (FTO), leptin (LEP), leptin receptor (LEPR) genes and a variant near the melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) locus. The postprandial fullness rating over the full experiment following intake of the different snacks was 17.2% (P=0.026) lower in A carriers compared with TT homozygotes for rs9939609 (FTO, dominant) and 18.6% (P=0.020) lower in G carriers compared with AA homozygotes for rs7799039 (LEP, dominant). These observations indicate that FTO and LEP polymorphisms are related to the variation in the feeling of fullness and may play a role in the regulation of food intake. Further studies are required to confirm these initial observations and investigate the 'penetrance' of these genotypes in additional population subgroups.
The Dietary Inclusion of Ensiled Olive Cake Increases Unsaturated Lipids in Milk and Alters the Expression of Lipogenic Genes in Mammary and Adipose Tissue in Goats; Simple Summary: Olive oil is known worldwide for its beneficial effects on human health. However, during its extraction, a great quantity of by-products is produced. Their utilization as a replacer of forage in goats could minimize the costs related to their management and result in their sustainable utilization as dietary ingredients. As shown in the present experiment, milk fat and protein percentages were gradually increased with increasing ensiled olive cake (OC) inclusion rates in the diets, while the milk yield was not affected. The concentration of milk mono-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) was also enhanced, while OC dietary supplementation was associated with the increased expression of specific genes in the mammary and adipose tissues of goats. As can be concluded, OC inclusion of up to 20% (DM) in goats' diets as forage is recommended since milk protein, fat, and MUFA contents are increased without adversely affecting milk yield. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of the dietary inclusion of ensiled OC on milk yield, composition, fatty acid (FA) profile, and the expression of selected genes involved in lipid metabolism in the udder and adipose tissue of goats. Seventy-two Damascus dairy goats in mid-lactation were assigned randomly to three iso-nitrogenous and iso-energetic diets containing 0, 10, and 20% of ensiled OC as a replacement of forage (OC0, OC10, and OC20, respectively) for 42 days. During weeks 5 and 6 of the trial, dry matter intake, milk yield, milk composition, and FA profiles were recorded, while mammary and perirenal adipose tissue samples were also collected from six animals per treatment from the OC0 and OC20 groups for gene expression analysis. No significant differences were observed among groups concerning milk yield, 4% fat-corrected milk, fat, or protein yield (kg/d). In contrast, the milk fat percentage was gradually increased with increasing OC inclusion rates in the diets, while milk protein percentages were elevated in both OC groups but significantly only in the milk of the OC20 group. The content of FA between C4:0 to C16:0 was reduced, while mono-unsaturated FA (MUFA) concentration was enhanced in the goat milk of OC groups. The OC feeding treatment was associated with the increased mammary expression of SLC2A1 (p < 0.05), VLDLR (p < 0.01), FABP3 (p < 0.01), and elevated SLC2A1 (p < 0.05) and FASN (p < 0.01) gene expression in the adipose tissue of goats fed the OC20 diet. Overall, OC can be used in goats' diets as a forage replacement, at least in the inclusion rate of 20% DM, since this could increase the milk protein and fat percentage and enrich its content with beneficial for human health lipids without adversely affecting milk production traits.
Milk Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) Profile and Metabolic Responses of Dairy Cows Fed with High-temperature-micro-time (HTMT) Treated Diets Containing High Quantity Extruded Soybean (ESB); A feeding trial was conducted to examine the effect of high-temperature-micro-time (HTMT) processing of diets containing extruded soybean (ESB) in high quantity on milk fat production. metabolic responses, and the formation of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and trans-vaccenic acid (TVA). Twenty-one multiparous Holstein cows in mid-lactation were blocked according to milk yield in the previous lactation. Cows within each block were randomly assigned to either normal concentrate or HTMT treated diets containing ESB (7.5% HTMT-ESB and 15% HTMT-ESB). It was hypothesized that the HTMT-ESB would affect the undegradable fatty acids in the rumen and, thus. would modify the fatty acid profile of milk fat. Both 7.5% and 15% HTMT-ESB did not affect milk yield., fat, protein, lactose and solid-not-fat (SNF), but the proportion of cis-9, trans-11 CLA in milk fat was significantly increased by these treatments. Content of TVA in milk fat was not affected by HTMT-ESB. The HTMT-ESB influenced the fatty acid profile in milk fat, but there was little difference between 7.5% and 15% of supplementation. HTMT-ESB feeding significantly decreased the concentration of plasma insulin and glucose, while plasma growth hormone (GH), triglyceride (TG), non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) and HDL-cholesterol were increased by 7.5% and 15% ESB-HTMT supplementation in comparison to the control group (p<0.05). However, no significant difference was observed in plasma LDL-cholesterol, insulin like growth factor (IGF)-1. T3, T4, and leptin concentrations among treatments (p>0.05). The present results showed that cis-9, trans-11 CLA production was increased by HTMT treatment of dietary ESB without reduction of milk fat, and the unchanged milk fat and yield was assumed to be associated with the constant level of thyroid hormones, leptin. and IGF-1.
2′-fucosyllactose alone or combined with resistant starch increases circulating short-chain fatty acids in lean men and men with prediabetes and obesity; BackgroundInfusion of short-chain fatty acids (SCFA) to the distal colon beneficially affects human substrate and energy metabolism. Here, we hypothesized that the combination of 2 & PRIME;-fucosyllactose (2 & PRIME;-FL) with resistant starch (RS) increases distal colonic SCFA production and improves metabolic parameters. MethodsIn this randomized, crossover study, 10 lean (BMI 20-24.9 kg/m(2)) and nine men with prediabetes and overweight/obesity (BMI 25-35 kg/m(2)) were supplemented with either 2 & PRIME;-FL, 2 & PRIME;-FL+RS, or placebo one day before a clinical investigation day (CID). During the CID, blood samples were collected after a overnight fast and after intake of a liquid high-fat mixed meal to determine plasma SCFA (primary outcomes). Secondary outcomes were fasting and postprandial plasma insulin, glucose, free fatty acid (FFA), glucagon-like peptide-1, and peptide YY concentrations. In addition, fecal SCFA and microbiota composition, energy expenditure and substrate oxidation (indirect calorimetry), and breath hydrogen excretion were determined. ResultsIn lean men, supplementation with 2 & PRIME;-FL increased postprandial plasma acetate (P = 0.017) and fasting H-2 excretion (P = 0.041) compared to placebo. Postprandial plasma butyrate concentration increased after 2 & PRIME;-FL and 2 & PRIME;-FL+RS as compared to placebo (P < 0.05) in lean men and men with prediabetes and overweight/obesity. Additionally, 2 & PRIME;-FL+RS decreased fasting and postprandial plasma FFA concentrations compared to placebo (P < 0.05) in lean men. ConclusionSupplementation of 2 & PRIME;-FL with/without RS the day before investigation increased systemic butyrate concentrations in lean men as well as in men with prediabetes and obesity, while acetate only increased in lean men. The combination of 2 & PRIME;-FL with RS showed a putatively beneficial metabolic effect by lowering plasma FFA in lean men, indicating a phenotype-specific effect.
Dietary supplement of conjugated linoleic acids or polyunsaturated fatty acids suppressed the mobilization of body fat reserves in dairy cows at early lactation through different pathways; To investigate the metabolic (.11, !I:2.es in the adipose tissue (AT) of dairy cows under milk fat depression (MFD), 30 cows were randomly allocated to a control diet, a conjugated linoleic acid (CLA)-supplemented diet, or a high-starch diet supplemented with a mixture of sunflower and fish oil (2:1; as HSO diet) from 1 to 112 d in milk. Performance of animals, milk yield, milk composition, energy balance, and blood metabolites were measured during lactation. Quantitative PCR analyses were conducted on the AT samples collected at wk 3 and 15 of lactation. The CLA and HSO diets considerably depressed milk fat yield and milk fat content at both wk 3 and 15 in the absence of significant changes in milk protein and lactose contents. In addition, the HSO diet lowered milk yield at wk 15 and decreased dry matter intake of cows from wk 3 to 15. Compared with the control, both CLA and HSO groups showed reduced body weight loss, improved energy balance, and decreased plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids and beta-hydroxybutyrate at early lactation. The gene expression analyses reflected suppressed lipolysis in AT of the CLA and HSO groups compared with the control at wk 3, as suggested by the downregulation of hormone-sensitive lipase and fatty acid binding protein 4 and the upregulation of perilipin 2. In addition, the HSO diet promoted lipogenesis in AT at wk 15 through the upregulation of 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 2, mitochondria' glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase, perilipin 2, and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. The CLA diet likely regulated insulin sensitivity in AT as it upregulated the transcription of various genes involved in insulin signaling, inflammatory responses, and ceramide metabolism, including protein kinase B2, nuclear factor kappa B1, toll-like receptor 4, caveolin 1, serine palmitoyltransferase long chain base subunit 1, and N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase 1. In contrast, the HSO diet resulted in little or no change in the pathways relevant to insulin sensitivity. In conclusion, the CLA and HSO diets induced a shift in energy partitioning toward AT instead of mammary gland during lactation through the regulation of different pathways.
Effects of feeding rumen-protected linseed fat to postpartum dairy cows on plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid concentrations and metabolic and reproductive parameters; High-yielding dairy cows experience a negative energy balance and inflammatory status during the transition period. Fat supplementation increases diet energy density, and plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have been proposed to improve immune function. This study tested the hypothesis that dietary supplementation with a rumen-protected and n-3 PUFA-enriched fat could ameliorate both the energetic deficit and immune status of postpartum high-yielding dairy cows, improving overall health and reproductive efficiency. At 11 d in milk (DIM), cows were randomly allocated to groups (1) n-3 PUFA (n = 29), supplemented with encapsulated linseed oil supplying additional up to 64 g/d (mean 25 +/- 4 g/d) of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), or (2) control (n = 31), supplemented with hydrogenated palm oil without ALA content. Fat supplements of the n-3 PUFA and control groups were available through an automated, off-parlor feeding system, and intake depended on the cow's feeding behavior. Plasma ALA concentrations were higher in n-3 PUFA than control cows, following a linear relation with supplement ingestion, resulting in a lower n-6/n-3 ratio in plasma. Metabolic parameters (body condition score and glucose and beta-hydroxybutyric acid blood concentrations) were unaffected, but milk yield improved with increased intake of fat supplements. Plasma total adiponectin concentrations were negatively correlated with ingestion of n-3 PUFA-enriched fat supplement, following a linear relation with intake. Conception rate to first AI increased with higher intake of both fats, but a decrease of calving-to-conception interval occurred only in n-3 PUFA cows. Postpartum ovarian activity and endometrial inflammatory status at 45 DIM were unaffected. In conclusion, this study evinced a posi tive linear relation between rumen-protected linseed fat intake and plasma n-3 PUFA concentrations, which modulated adiponectin expression and improved reproductive parameters.
The appetizing effect of an aperitif in overweight and normal-weight humans; Background: Epidemiologic studies have shown alcohol consumption to be inversely as well as positively related to body weight and body fat. Metabolic studies have shown an increase in energy intake as well as compensation after alcohol consumption.
Changes in the Spectrum of Free Fatty Acids in Blood Serum of Dairy Cows during a Prolonged Summer Heat Wave; Simple Summary Heat stress leads to poor welfare, decreased productivity, and poor product quality. It is known that the content of fatty acids in the blood can reflect the physiological state of the body under normal and pathological conditions. They can be biomarkers for the state of biomembranes associated with inflammation and indicate the state of energy imbalance during chronic heat stress. They perform various functions in the body; therefore, the determination of the spectrum of free fatty acids can be used as biomarkers of these processes. The changes in the spectrum of free fatty acids in the blood serum of dairy cows revealed in our study will make it possible to better understand the physiological state of the organism and possibly indicate ways to maintain the health and milk productivity of animals under conditions of prolonged hyperthermia. This experiment was conducted to study the effect of a prolonged hot period on the fatty acid (FA) composition in blood serum of dairy cows. Eighteen multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to the hyperthermia group (HYP, n = 8) in August (summer season) and the control group (CON, n = 10) in October (autumn season). Blood from animals of the HYP group was collected in one heat wave, which was preceded by a long period of heat stress (HS, temperature-humidity index (THI >= 72)). Blood from cows of the CON group was collected under thermal comfort conditions (THI < 68). The spectrum of free fatty acids (FFA) in the blood serum was analyzed by gas chromatography. The concentration of FFA increased, including saturated FAs and monounsaturated FAs, in the blood serum of cows under conditions of prolonged HS. This was associated with the mobilization of FA into the bloodstream from adipose tissue, as a consequence of negative energy balance. An increase in the ratio of n-6/n-3 polyunsaturated FAs may indicate biomembrane dysfunction and adversely affect dairy cows. This study showed that prolonged periods of heat can affect the FA composition of blood. How much this leads to changes in the FA composition of milk and the quality of food products remains to be seen in further research.
Cognitive and Affective Predictors of Rehabilitation Participation After Stroke; Skidmore ER, Whyte EM, Holm MB, Becker JT, Butters MA, Dew MA, Munin MC, Lenze EJ. Cognitive and affective predictors of rehabilitation participation after stroke. Arch Phys Med Rehabil 2010;91:203-7.
Macronutrient profile in milk replacer or a whole milk powder modulates growth performance, feeding behavior, and blood metabolites in ad libitum-fed calves; Milk replacers (MR) for calves usually contain more lactose and less fat than bovine whole milk (WM). There are insufficient data to determine whether these MR formulations are optimal for calves fed at high planes of nutrition. Thus, the effect of 3 MR formula-tions and a WM powder were evaluated on growth, feeding behavior, and blood metabolites in 96 male Holstein calves fed ad libitum and with 45.5 +/- 4.30 kg (mean +/- SD) BW at arrival. Calves were blocked based on arrival sequence, and randomly assigned within block to one of the 4 treatments (n = 24 calves/ group): a high-fat MR (25.0% fat, dry matter basis; 22.5% protein, 38.6% lactose; 21.3 MJ/kg; HF), a high lactose MR (44.6% lactose, 22.5% protein, 18.0% fat; 19.7 MJ/kg; HL), a high protein MR (26.0% protein, 18.0% fat, 41.5% lactose; 20.0 MJ/kg; HP), and a WM powder (26.0% fat; 24.5% protein, 38.0% lactose; 21.6 MJ/kg; WP). In the first 2 wk after arrival, calves were individually housed and were fed 3.0 L of their respec-tive liquid feed 3 times daily at 135 g/L. They were then moved to group housing and fed ad libitum until d 42 after arrival. Weaning was gradual and took place between d 43 and 70 after arrival; thereafter, calves were fed solids only. Concentrates, chopped straw, and water were available ad libitum throughout the study. Body weight was measured, and blood was collected at arrival and then weekly thereafter from wk 1 to 12. Weight gain and height were greater in HL than WP calves. In the preweaning phase, HL and HP-fed calves consumed more milk than WP, and HL-fed calves con-sumed more milk than HF calves. In wk 10, starter feed intakes were lower in HF calves than in the other groups. In the preweaning phase, ME intakes were the same for all treatments. This suggests that milk intakes were regulated by the energy density of the milk sup-plied. The percentage of calves requiring therapeutic interventions related to diarrhea was greater in WP-fed calves (29%) than HF and HL calves (4%), whereas HP (13%) did not differ with other groups. This was coupled with lower blood acid-base, blood gas, and blood sodium in WP than in MR-fed calves. Calves fed HF had greater serum nonesterified fatty acids com-pared with other groups, and greater serum amyloid A compared with WP and HL calves. Among the serum parameters, insulin-like growth factor-1 and lactate dehydrogenase correlated positively with ME intake and average daily gain. The high lactose and protein intakes in HL and HP calves led to greater insulin-like growth factor-1 concentrations than in WP-fed calves. Although growth differences were limited among MR groups, the metabolic profile largely differed and these differences require further investigation.
Meat and milk intake in the rice-based Korean diet: impact on cancer and metabolic syndrome; Over a few decades, Korean diet has changed from traditional diet, mainly composed of rice and vegetables, to Westernised diet rich, in meat and milk, along with the economic development and globalisation. Increasing prevalence of diet-related chronic diseases such as cancer and metabolic syndrome (MetS) is becoming a heavy burden to society and requires further attention. In this review, the association of meat and milk consumption with cancer and MetS among Koreans was discussed. Previous meta-analyses showed that meat intake was positively associated with increased risk of cancers, especially colon, as well as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, and that the intake of milk and dairy products was negatively associated with colorectal cancer, obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus, based on studies conducted mostly in Western countries. In Korea and other Asian countries, the association of meat and milk intake with cancers were inconclusive and varied by types of cancers. Conversely, milk intake was negatively associated with MetS risk as reported in Western countries. The difference in results between Korea and Western countries might come from the differences in dietary patterns and study designs. Most Koreans still maintain traditional dietary pattern, although rapid change towards Westernised diet is underway among the younger age group. Randomised clinical trials or prospective cohort studies with consideration of combined effects of various dietary factors in Korea and other Asian countries are needed to elucidate the impact of meat and milk or related dietary patterns in their diet.
Delayed Lactogenesis II and potential utility of antenatal milk expression in women developing late-onset preeclampsia: a case series; Background: Preeclampsia is a multi-system, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy that increases a woman's risk of later-life cardiovascular disease. Breastfeeding may counteract the negative cardiovascular sequela associated with preeclampsia; however, women who develop preeclampsia may be at-risk for suboptimal breastfeeding rates. In this case series, we present three cases of late-onset preeclampsia and one case of severe gestational hypertension that illustrate a potential association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes, including delayed onset of lactogenesis II and in-hospital formula supplementation.
Dietary marine algae and its influence on tissue gene network expression during milk fat depression in dairy ewes; Supplementation of a linoleic acid-rich diet with marine algae reduces milk fat content while impacting milk fatty acid profile in dairy sheep. Unlike other ruminant species, in ovine there are limited data on the molecular mechanisms that may regulate adipose, liver, and mammary responses to dietary marine lipids. This study was conducted to investigate changes in mRNA expression and relative mRNA abundance of key enzymes involved in lipid metabolism in mammary, subcutaneous adipose and liver tissue in response to long-term milk fat depression induced by marine algae. Eleven Assaf ewes were randomly assigned to 2 experimental diets consisting of a TMR based on alfalfa hay and concentrate (40:60) supplemented with 25 g of sunflower oil/kg DM plus 0 (SO; control diet) or 8 g of marine algae/kg of DM (SOMA diet) for 54 d. Quantitative reverse transcription-PCR was used to study expression of target genes in tissues harvested at slaughter at the end of the feeding period (54 d). There was no effect of SOMA on mammary and adipose tissue expression of genes encoding proteins required for fatty acid uptake and activation (ACSS2, LPL), intracellular fatty acid transport (FABP3, FABP4), de novo fatty acid synthesis (ACACA, FASN), esterification (DGAT1, DGAT2, LPIN1), desaturation (SCD), elongation (ELOVL6), transcriptional regulation (INSIG1, MED1, PPARG, RXRA, SCAP, SREBF1, THRSP) and lipid droplet formation (ADFP, BTN1A1, XDH). Abundance of PPARG (0.04%) and INSIG1 (2.22%) in mammary tissue was markedly greater than that of SREBF1 (0.002%), suggesting that they may play a more important role in milk fat synthesis regulation. Addition of marine algae did not affect the expression of beta-oxidation- and lipoprotein-related genes (ACOX1, APOB, CPT1A, PPARA, RXRA) in hepatic tissue. However, feeding SOMA up-regulated hepatic HMGCS2, which controls ketogenesis. Concentration of plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate, NEFA, glucose, triacylglycerol, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor 1, insulin, and leptin was not different between groups at d 54. Taken together with the milk fat responses and previous data from bovine fed similar diets, results suggest that transcriptional control mechanisms regulating fat synthesis in mammary secretory tissue were likely established during earlier stages of the feeding period. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Adipose tissue remodeling in late-lactation dairy cows during feed-restriction-induced negative energy balance; Excessive rates of demand lipolysis in the adipose tissue (AT) during periods of negative energy balance (NEB) are associated with increased susceptibility to disease and limited lactation performance. Lipolysis induces a remodeling process within AT that is characterized by an inflammatory response, cellular proliferation, and changes in the extracellular matrix (ECMT). The adipose tissue macrophage (ATM) is a key component of the inflammatory response. Infiltration of ATM-forming cellular aggregates was demonstrated in transition cows, suggesting that ATM trafficking and phenotype changes may be associated with disease. However, it is currently unknown if ATM infiltration occurs in dairy cows only during NEB states related to the transition period or also during NEB-induced lipolysis at other stages of lactation. The objective of this study was to evaluate changes in ATM trafficking and inflammatory phenotypes, and the expression of genetic markers of AT remodeling in healthy late-lactation cows during feed restriction-induced NEB. After a 14-d (d -14 to d-1) preliminary period, Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 feeding protocols, ad libitum (AL) or feed restriction (FR), for 4 d (d 1-4). Caloric intake was reduced in FR to achieve a targeted energy balance of -15 Mcal/d of net energy for lactation. Omental and subcutaneous AT samples were collected laparoscopically to harvest stromal vascular fraction (SVF) cells on d 3 and 4. The FR induced a NEB of -14.1 +/- 0.62 Mcal/d of net energy for lactation, whereas AL cows remained in positive energy balance (3.2 +/- 0.66 Mcal/d of NEL). The FR triggered a lipolytic response reflected in increased plasma nonesterified fatty acids (0.65 +/- 0.05 mEq/L on d 4), enhanced phosphorylation of hormone sensitive lipase, and reduced adipocyte diameter. Flow cytometry and immunohistochemistry analysis revealed that on d 4, FR cows had increased numbers of CD172a(+), an ATM (M1 and M2) surface marker, cells in SVF that were localized in aggregates. However, FR did not alter the number of SVF cells expressing M1 markers (CD14 and CD11c) or M2 markers (CD11b and CD163). This finding contrasts with the predominately M1 phenotype observed previously in ATM from clinically diseased cows. No changes were observed in the expression of ECMT-related or cell proliferation markers. In summary, an acute 4-d lipolytic stimulus in late-lactation dairy cows led to ATM infiltration with minimal changes in inflammatory phenotype and no changes in ECMT. These results underscore that physiological changes related to parturition, the onset of lactation, extended periods of lipolysis, or a combination of these can induce intense AT remodeling with enhanced ATM inflammatory phenotype expression that may impair the metabolic function of AT in transition dairy cattle.
Comparative Metabolomics Elucidates Postprandial Metabolic Modifications in Plasma of Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Although higher intakes of dairy milk are associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), the underlying protective mechanism remains unclear. This study investigated the dynamic metabolic profile shift following the ingestion of low-fat milk or an isocaloric volume of rice milk in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). In a randomized, double-blind, crossover study, postprandial plasma samples (n = 266) were collected from 19 MetS participants. Plasma samples were analyzed by a targeted metabolomics platform which specifically detects 117 metabolites from 25 metabolic pathways. The comprehensive time course metabolic profiling in MetS participants indicated that the postprandial metabolic profiles distinguish low-fat milk and rice milk consumption in a time-dependent manner. Metabolic biomarkers, such as orotate, leucine/isoleucine and adenine, showed significantly different trends in the two test beverages. Bayesian statistics identified 12 metabolites associated with clinical characteristics of postprandial vascular endothelial function, such as flow-mediated dilation (FMD), postprandial plasma markers of oxidative stress and NO status. Furthermore, metabolic pathway analysis based on these metabolite data indicated the potential utility of metabolomics to provide mechanistic insights of dietary interventions to regulate postprandial metabolic excursions.
A NON-RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED RESEARCH ON THE DAIRY PRODUCTS (CA2 +) AND ITS BI-PRODUCTS (CA2 +) EFFECTS ON BLOOD CHEMISTRY, BODY FAT PERCENTAGE AND LOSS OF WEIGHT ON OBESE AND PRE- MENOPAUSAL WOMEN ATTENDING THE NUTRITIONAL OR DIET CLINICS; Objectives: Research aim was the determination of the dairy effects on the body changes in terms of body fat and mass because of the dairy calcium in the obese women about the weight loss diet.
Dairy and weight loss hypothesis: an evaluation of the clinical trials; This review evaluates evidence from clinical trials that assessed the effect of dairy product or calcium intake, with or without concomitant energy restriction, on body weight and adiposity. Of 49 randomized trials assessing the effect of dairy products or calcium supplementation on body weight, 41 showed no effect, two demonstrated weight gain, one showed a lower rate of gain, and five showed weight loss. Four of 24 trials report differential fat loss. Consequently, the majority of the current evidence from clinical trials does not support the hypothesis that calcium or dairy consumption aids in weight or fat loss. (C) 2008 International Life Sciences Institute.
Influence of conjugated linoleic acid and vitamin E on performance, energy metabolism, and change of fat depot mass in transitional dairy cows; The objective of this experiment was to determine the effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vitamin E as well as their interaction on performance variables and lipomobilization during late pregnancy and early lactation (wk 6 antepartum until wk 10 postpartum). For this purpose, 59 pluriparous German Holstein cows were assigned to 4 dietary groups in a 2 x 2 design with the factors CLA and vitamin E at 2 levels. For this trial, we selected cows with a high body condition score because they are more likely to mobilize fat and consequently are at a higher risk of developing ketosis. Furthermore, concentrate proportions were adjusted to provoke ketosis. Lactation performance variables were analyzed in 3 periods (d 42 antepartum until calving, 1 to 21 d in milk, 22 to 70 d in milk). Dry matter intake and net energy intake were reduced in animals receiving CLA. Milk fat content was reduced in the CLA group compared with the control group (4.83 vs. 5.46% in period 2; 3.36 vs. 4.57% in period 3). In the vitamin E and the CLA + vitamin E groups, reduction of milk fat content was observed in period 3 (3.76 vs. 4.57% compared with the control group). Milk yield was not affected by treatment. 13-Hydroxybutyrate concentrations and liver lipid contents were not influenced by CLA or vitamin E. Moreover, longitudinal changes of adipose tissue depot mass were not affected by dietary treatments. Results suggest that the effects CLA had on milk composition were compensated by an increased milk yield and a decreased dry matter intake. Reduced milk energy output in CLA-treated animals was compensated by a reduced dry matter intake. Therefore, the net energy balance was not affected by either treat ment. Consequently, we found no group effect oh the mobilization of adipose tissue.
Effects of milk supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid (isomers <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 and <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12) on body composition and metabolic syndrome components; The effects of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on body weight and body composition in man are controversial. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of milk supplementation with CLA on body composition and on the biochemical parameters of the metabolic syndrome. This was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Subjects were randomised to a daily intake of 500 ml milk supplemented with 3 g CLA (using a mixture of the bioactive isomers cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12, marketed as Tonalino((R)), Naturlinea; Central Lechera Asturiana) or placebo for 12 weeks. Sixty healthy men and women (aged 35-65 years) with signs of the metabolic syndrome participated (BMI 25-35 kg/m(2)). Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure body composition (week 0 baseline and week 12). Total fat mass in the CLA-milk subgroup with a BMI <= 30 kg/m(2) decreased significantly while no changes were detected in the placebo group (similar to 2%, P=0.01). Trunk fat mass showed a trend towards reduction (similar to 3%, P=0.05). CLA supplementation had no significant effect on the parameters of the metabolic syndrome, nor was it associated with changes in haematological parameters or renal function. The supplementation of milk with 3 g CLA over 12 weeks results in a significant reduction of fat mass in overweight but not in obese subjects. CLA supplementation was not associated with any adverse effects or biological changes.
Body mass index of 16-year olds in urban Maseru, Lesotho; Background: Overweight and/or obesity amongst children and adolescents is a global epidemic with health consequences that track into adulthood. No data are currently available regarding overweight/obesity amongst adolescents in Lesotho.
Habitual Physical Activity and Plasma Metabolomic Patterns Distinguish Individuals with Low vs. High Weight Loss during Controlled Energy Restriction; Background: Total weight loss induced by energy restriction is highly variable even under tightly controlled conditions. Identifying weight-loss discriminants would provide a valuable weight management tool and insights into body weight-regulation.
REINFORCERS IN INFANCY - CLASSICAL-CONDITIONING USING STROKING OR INTRA-ORAL INFUSIONS OF MILK AS UCS; Six-day-old rats received 20 forward pairings of an odor-conditioned stimulus (CS) with one of two unconditioned stimuli (UCS); 1) intra-oral milk infusions or 2) stroking with a sable-hair brush. These UCS''s produce a common general response of increased behavioral activity, but different specific behaviors. For each UCS, additional pups received backward pairings of the CS and UCS, random pairings of the CS and UCS, CS only, UCS only, or no stimuli. Four hours later, pups received a two-odor  choice test to assess the development of an odor preference and a CS-only test to assess the acquisition of conditioned responding (CR). The results of the two-odor choice test indicated that for both UCS''s only forward pairings of the CS and UCS resulted in an odor preference. Similarly, the CS-only test showed that only forward pairings of the CS and either UCS were effective in producing CR''s; pups that received forward pairings exhibited increased behavioral activity during presentations of the CS, which is an unconditioned response (UCR) to both UCS''s. Only the forward paired CS-milk UCS group exhibited increased mouthing and probing during the CS only test; these are UCR''s that occur to milk infusions but infrequently to the stroking UCS. These results demonstrate the development of similar conditioned odor preferences using behaviorally activating UCS''s, but CR''s which are specific to the form of the UCR.
Biomarkers of dairy fat intake, incident cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality: A cohort study, systematic review, and meta-analysis; Background
Dairy Intake and Parkinson's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Background Previous prospective studies highlighted dairy intake as a risk factor for Parkinson's disease (PD), particularly in men. It is unclear whether this association is causal or explained by reverse causation or confounding. Objective The aim is to examine the association between genetically predicted dairy intake and PD using two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR). Methods We genotyped a well-established instrumental variable for dairy intake located in the lactase gene (rs4988235) within the Courage-PD consortium (23 studies; 9823 patients and 8376 controls of European ancestry). Results Based on a dominant model, there was an association between genetic predisposition toward higher dairy intake and PD (odds ratio [OR] per one serving per day = 1.70, 95% confidence interval = 1.12-2.60, P = 0.013) that was restricted to men (OR = 2.50 [1.37-4.56], P = 0.003; P-difference with women = 0.029). Conclusions Using MR, our findings provide further support for a causal relationship between dairy intake and higher PD risk, not biased by confounding or reverse causation. Further studies are needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. (c) 2022 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
Effect of 8 week intake of probiotic milk products on risk factors for cardiovascular diseases; Objective: To investigate the effect of a probiotic milk product containing the culture CAUSIDO(R) and of two alternative products on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in overweight and obese subjects.
Effect of camel milk in comparison with cow milk on blood glucose and lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial; Context: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a common metabolic disorder. In traditional medicine, camel milk has been used in the treatment of some of diseases such as diabetes. The studies on effect of camel milk on glycemic control are limited and contradictory.
Postprandial coagulation activation in overweight individuals after weight loss: Acute and long-term effects of a high-monounsaturated fat diet and a low-fat diet; Diet is important in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, and it has been suggested that a high-MUFA diet is more cardioprotective than a low-fat diet. We hypothesised that the postprandial thrombotic risk profile is improved most favourably by a high-MUFA diet compared with a low-fat diet. This was tested in a parallel intervention trial on overweight individuals (aged 28.4 (SD 4.7) years) randomly assigned to a MUFA-diet (35-45% of energy as fat; >20% as MUFA, n = 21) or a low-fat (LF) diet (20-30% of energy as fat, n = 22) for 6 months after a weight loss of similar to 10%. All foods were provided free of charge from a purpose-built supermarket. Meal tests designed after the same principles were performed before and after the dietary intervention, and blood samples were collected at 8.00 h (fasting), 12.00 h, and 18.00 h and analysed for factor VII coagulant activity (FVII:C), activated FVII, fibrinogen, prothrombin fragment 1 + 2 (F1 + 2), D-dimer, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI:Ag), and thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor. There were significant postprandial increases in F1 + 2 and D-dimer before and after dietary intervention, with significantly lower values after 6 months. No significant differences were observed between the postprandial changes induced by the two diets. The postprandial decrease in FVII:C and PAI:Ag did not differ before and after intervention, irrespective of the diets. Our findings suggest postprandial coagulation activation in overweight subjects with more pronounced acute than long-term effects. We observed similar effects of the MUFA diet and the LF diet on the postprandial prothrombotic risk profile. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dairy calcium intake, serum vitamin D, and successful weight loss; Background The role 01 dairy calcium intake and scrum vitamin D concentrations in weight loss is controversial
Sodium Danshensu Cream Promotes the Healing of Pressure Ulcers in Mice through the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-κB Pathways; On the basis of the mice pressure ulcers (PU) model, the protective effect and potential mechanism of sodium Danshensu (SDSS) cream against PU were investigated. The mice were randomly divided into three groups: the negative control group (cream without 0.5 g SDSS), the SDSS group (cream containing 0.5 g SDSS), and the positive group (0.5 g Hirudoid (R)). After 7 and 14 days of ointment application, the wound-healing rate of the SDSS and positive groups was significantly higher than that of the control group (p < 0.05). The results of hematoxylin-eosin staining also indicated that SDSS has the potential to promote the healing of PU. In addition, the serum IL-6, IL-1 beta, TNF-alpha, and MDA levels decreased significantly (p < 0.01) after 14 days of SDSS treatment, while the SOD, CAT, and GSH-Px activities increased significantly (p < 0.01). In addition, SDSS cream was able to significantly increase the expression of Nrf2, HO-1, GCLM, NQO1, NF-kappa B p65, NF-kappa B p50, IKK alpha, and IKK beta while decreasing the expression of Keap1 and I kappa B alpha in the Nrf2/HO-1 and NF-kappa B pathways. Our research will provide a foundation for the future clinical prevention and treatment of PU with SDSS cream.
Participants in an online weight loss program can improve diet quality during weight loss: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Better diet quality has been associated with less weight gain over time. However, few studies have examined the role of diet quality during weight loss. This study aimed to compare changes in diet quality in overweight/obese adults during a weight loss intervention, and determine whether an association between diet quality score and weight loss exists.
Lactase persistence, milk intake, hip fracture and bone mineral density: a study of 97 811 Danish individuals and a meta-analysis; BackgroundWhether a causal relationship exists between milk intake and reduced risk of fractures is unclear.
Lipolysis in early lactation is associated with an increase in phosphorylation of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK)α1 in adipose tissue of dairy cows; Adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK)alpha 1 is activated in the context of triacylglycerol hydrolysis in adipose tissue in monogastric animals. This study describes AMPK alpha 1 protein expression and the occurrence of its phosphorylated form (pAMPK alpha 1) in different adipose tissue depots as influenced by time and postpartum diet in dairy cows. Biopsy samples were obtained from subcutaneous (SCAT) and retroperitoneal (RPAT) adipose tissues of 20 Holstein cows 21 d prepartum (ap) and 1 and 21 d postpartum (pp). After d 1 pp, cows were randomly assigned to 2 groups (n = 10) and fed different amounts of concentrate until the third biopsy sampling at 21 d pp. Protein expression of AMPK and the extent of its phosphorylation in adipose tissue were measured by semiquantitative Western blotting. Results were not influenced by postpartum feeding. Therefore, both groups were pooled and data analyzed together. Expression of AMPK alpha 1 in SCAT showed a decrease over time, resulting in lower expression at 1 d pp compared with 21 d ap. Expression in RPAT was maintained over time. Phosphorylation increased in SCAT, showing a greater extent of phosphorylation at d 21 pp compared with 21 d ap. In RPAT, this could be seen as a trend. The proportion of pAMPK alpha 1 to AMPK alpha 1 significantly increased over time in both tissues. In the first adipose tissue sampling (21 d ap), AMPK alpha 1 protein expression and extent of phosphorylation were significantly higher in RPAT than in SCAT. Lipolysis in early lactation of dairy cows was associated with an increase in phosphorylation of AMPK alpha 1 and ratio of pAMPK alpha 1 to AMPK alpha 1 in bovine adipose tissues. This indicates that AMPK alpha 1 may be involved in the regulation of energy metabolism of bovine adipose tissues.
Diet and Nutrition Status of Mongolian Adults; (1) Background: Aspects of the Mongolian food supply, including high availability of animal-source foods and few plant foods, are plausibly associated with disease in the population. Data on Mongolian diets are lacking, and these risks are poorly quantified. The purpose of this study was to provide a multifaceted nutritional analysis of the modern Mongolian diet. (2) Methods: The study population consisted of 167 male and 167 female healthy non-pregnant urban and nomadic adults (22-55 years) randomly selected from lists of residents in 8 regions. From 2011-2016, 3-day weighed diet records and serum were collected twice from each participant in summer and winter; anthropometry was collected once from each participant. Serum was analyzed for biomarkers, and nutrient intake computed using purpose-built food composition data and adjusted for within-person variation. Exploratory dietary patterns were derived and analyzed for associations with diet and nutrition measurements. (3) Results: We collected 1838 of an expected 1986 diet records (92.5%), 610/658 serum samples (92.7%), and 315/334 height and weight measurements (94.3%). Sixty-one percent of men and 51% of women were overweight or obese. Consumption of red meat, refined grains, and whole-fat dairy was high, while that of fruits, non-tuberous vegetables, eggs, nuts and seeds, fish and poultry, and whole grains was low. Dairy and red meat were more consumed in summer and winter, respectively. Dietary inadequacy of 10 of 21 assessed nutrients, including fiber, folate, and vitamin D were >50% prevalent, while protein, zinc, and vitamin B12 inadequacy were low. Biochemical evidence of iron and vitamin A deficiency was also low. Three dietary patterns (Urban, Transitional, Nomadic) explained 41% of variation in food consumption. The Urban pattern was positively associated with BMI in multivariate analysis. (4) Conclusions: Results indicate a high prevalence of key dietary inadequacies and overweight among Mongolian adults. Prior studies by our group have suggested that expanded supplementation and food fortification would be effective in addressing micronutrient inadequacies; these strategies should be coupled with measures to mitigate the growing burden of chronic disease.
Associations between dairy foods, diabetes, and metabolic health: Potential mechanisms and future directions; Epidemiological evidence supports an inverse relationship between adequate intake of dairy foods and susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2D). The biological mechanisms responsible for this association remain to be established. This review provides a current perspective on proposed mechanisms that may underlie these effects, and highlights how randomized clinical trials can be applied to investigate these relationships. Results from epidemiological studies generally support that consumption of milk and dairy products is associated with a lower incidence of T2D or improvements in glucose homeostasis indices, and studies of animal and cell models support a positive effect of dairy-rich diets or components on metabolic and inflammation factors relevant to T2D and insulin resistance. Emerging evidence indicates that dairy components that alter mitochondrial function (e.g., leucine actions on silent information regulator transcript 1 (SIRT1)-associated pathways), promote gut microbial population shifts, or influence inflammation and cardiovascular function (e.g., Ca-regulated peptides calcitonin gene-related peptide [CGRP] or calcitonin) should be considered as possible mechanistic factors linking dairy intake with lower risk for T2D. The possibility that dairy-derived trans-palmitoleic acid (tC16:1) has metabolic bioactivities has also been proposed. Pre-clinical and clinical studies focusing specifically on these parameters are needed to validate hypotheses regarding the potential roles of dairy products and their components on the determinants of glucose tolerance, particularly insulin sensitivity, pancreatic endocrine function, and inflammation in individuals at-risk for T2D development. Such experiments would complement epidemiological studies and add to the evidence base for recommendations regarding consumption of dairy products and their individual components. Published by Elsevier Inc.
High-fat dairy is inversely associated with the risk of hypertension in adults: Tehran lipid and glucose study; This study investigated the association between total and various types of dairy products and hypertension (HTN) among Tehranian adults. This cross-sectional study was conducted on 5616 adults within the framework of the Tehran lipid and glucose study. Multiple logistic regression models were conducted to assess association between HTN and dairy intakes. Consumption of high-fat dairy and non-fermented dairy in the highest quartile was inversely associated with HTN (OR: 0.76, 95% CI: 0.63-0.92 and OR: 0.70, 95% CI: 0.65-0.94, respectively). Among dairy products, milk intake (OR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.66-0.96) was inversely and yoghurt intake (OR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.06-1.55) and cheese intake (OR: 1.21, 95% CI: 1.01-1.46) were positively associated with HTN, findings indicating that higher intakes of high-fat dairy, non-fermented dairy and milk are associated with lower risk of HTN, whereas higher consumption of yoghurt and cheese associated with higher risk of HTN. However, further randomised clinical trials are recommended. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Low-Fat Milk Ingestion Prevents Postprandial Hyperglycemia-Mediated Impairments in Vascular Endothelial Function in Obese Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; Greater intakes of low-fat dairy foods are associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to examine whether acute low-fat milk ingestion would limit postprandial impairments in vascular endothelial function by limiting oxidative stress responses that decrease. nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. A randomized, double-blind, crossover study was conducted in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) who ingested low-fat milk (475 mL) or an isocaloric volume of rice milk after an overnight fast. Brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), plasma glucose, malondialdehyde (MDA), arginine (ARG), and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) were assessed at 30-min intervals during the 3-h postprandial period. Participants' (n = 19) postprandial FMD responses were unaffected by low-fat milk but transiently decreased (P < 0.01) from 6.2 +/- 0.8% (mean +/- SEM) at baseline to 3.3 +/- 0.7% at 30 min and 3.9 +/- 0.6% at 60 min following rice milk consumption. Glucose and MDA increased to a greater extent in the rice milk trial (P<0.001). The MDA area under the 3 h postprandial curve (AUC(0-3) (h)) was correlated with glucose AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.75; P < 0.01) and inversely related to FM D AUC(0-3) (h) (r=-0.59; P<0.01). ARG decreased following rice milk and increased with low-fat milk, whereas only rice milk increased ADMA:ARG. The ADMA:ARG AUC(0-3) (h) was correlated with MDA AUC(0-3) (h) (r = 0.55) and was inversely related to FMD AUC(0-3) (h) (r = -0.52) (P < 0.05). These findings suggest that low-fat milk maintains vascular endothelial function in individuals with MetS by limiting postprandial hyperglycemia that otherwise increases lipid peroxidation and reduces NO bioavailability. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01411293.
Dietary Approaches to Obesity; The treatment of obesity demands a negative energy balance, which obviously necessitates reducing the quantity of food intake. Yet the optimal diet composition quality for weight loss is far from known. The major controversy seems to be between choosing low-fat or low-carbohydrate diets, with additional debates on the importance of the glycemic index and the amounts of dairy products and calcium. It is evident from many large, randomized trials that the "best diet" that can suit everyone has yet to be identified. The different options for low-calorie diets should be prescribed on an individual basis, in order to best Fit each patient's personal preferences. All hypocaloric regimens are suitable, as long as they work, for any given subject. The problem, of course, is long-term maintenance and adherence to an altered lifestyle. Mt Sinai J Med 77:488-498, 2010. (c) 2010 Mount Sinai School of Medicine
The impact of calcium and dairy product consumption on weight loss; Objective: Recent evidence suggests that diets high in calcium and dairy products are associated with lower body weight, particularly lower body fat levels. The purpose of this study was to compare weight and body fat loss on a calorie-restricted, low-dairy (CR) vs. high-dairy (CR+D) diet.
Effects of dairy intake on weight maintenance; Background: To compare the effects of low versus recommended levels of dairy intake on weight maintenance and body composition subsequent to weight loss.
Yeast Culture and Vitamin E Supplementation Alleviates Heat Stress in Dairy Goats; This study was conducted to determine and compare the effects of yeast yeast culture (YC) and vitamin E (VE) supplementation on endotoxin absorption and antioxidant status in lactating dairy goats suffering from heat stress (HS). Three first lactation Saanen dairy goats (body weight 30 +/- 1.5 kg) were surgically fitted with indwelling catheters in the portal vein, mesenteric vein and carotid artery, and were randomly assigned to a 383 Latin square design. Dietary treatments were the basal diet, and the basal diet supplemented with either 100 IU VE or 30 g YC. Goats were kept in temperature and humidity-controlled room at 35 degrees C from 8:00 to 20:00 and at 24 degrees C from 20:00 till the next morning at 8:00. The relative humidity was kept at 55%. HS increased dairy goats' rectum temperature and respiration frequency (p<0.01). HS reduced plasma flux rate of milk goats (p<0.01), but the plasma flux rate increased when the animal was under the conditions of the thermo-neutral period (p<0.01). The VE supplementation lowered dairy goats' rectum temperature during thermo-neutral period (p<0.01). Meanwhile, no significant differences were observed between the control and YC treatment in rectum temperature and respiration frequency (p>0.05). Dietary supplementation of VE and YC reduced heat stressed dairy goats' endotoxin concentration of the carotid artery and portal vein (p<0.01). However, the endotoxin concentration of the YC treatment was higher than that of the VE treatment (p<0.01). Both VE and YC supplementation decreased heat stressed dairy goats' absorption of endotoxin in portal vein (p<0.01). The endotoxin absorption of YC treatment was higher than the VE treatment (p<0.01). The addition of VE and YC decreased dairy goats' superoxide dismutase (SOD) concentration during HS and the whole experiment period (p<0.01). The addition of VE lowered SOD concentration during thermo-neutral period (p<0.01). Likewise, the addition of VE and YC lowered dairy goats' malonaldehyde (MDA) concentration during HS and the whole experimental period, and the MDA concentration in the VE treatment was lower than the YC treatment (p<0.05). The addition of VE decreased MDA concentration during thermo-neutral period. On the contrast, the addition of VE increased dairy goats total antioxidant potential (TAP) concentration during HS, thermo-neutral and the whole experimental period (p<0.01). The addition of YC increased TAP concentration only during HS period (p<0.01). It is concluded that both VE and YC are useful in alleviating HS of dairy goats by weakening endotoxin absorption and promoting antioxidant capacity. Compared with YC, VE is much more powerful in easing dairy goats HS.
The effect of milk consumption on bone mass density in obese and thin adult women; Study aim: To assess the effect of milk consumption lasting two months on BMD of obese and thin young women.
Substitution of Dairy Products and Risk of Death and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; Substitution models in epidemiologic studies specifying both substitute and substituted food in relation to disease risk may be useful to inform dietary guidelines. A systematic review of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of all -cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes (T2D) associated with the substitution of dairy products with other foods and between different dairy products. We systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science until 28th June, 2023. We calculated summary relative risks (SRRs) and 95% con fi dence intervals (95% CI) in random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the risk of bias with the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies - of Exposure (ROBINS -E) tool and certainty of evidence (CoE) using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) approach. Fifteen studies (with 34 publications) were included. There was moderate CoE that the substitution of low-fat dairy with red meat was associated with a higher risk of mortality, coronary artery disease, and T2D [SRR (95% CI): 1.11 (1.06, 1.16), 1.13 (1.08, 1.18), and 1.20 (1.16, 1.25)]. A higher risk of mortality and T2D was also observed when substituting low-fat dairy with processed meat [SRR (95% CI): 1.19 (1.11, 1.28) and 1.41 (1.33, 1.49); moderate CoE]. A lower mortality risk was associated with the substitution of dairy and yogurt with whole grains [SRR (95% CI): 0.89 (0.84, 0.93) and 0.91 (0.85, 0.97)], and butter with olive oil [SRR (95% CI): 0.94 (0.92, 0.97); all moderate CoE]. Mainly no associations were observed when substituting dairy products against each other on disease and mortality risk. Our fi ndings indicate associations between substituting dairy with red or processed meat and higher disease risk, whereas its substitution with whole grains was associated with a lower risk. However, there is little robust evidence that substituting whole-fat with low-fat dairy is associated with disease risk. (CRD42022303198).
Effect of a vegetable-oil emulsion on body composition; a 12-week study in overweight women on a meal replacement therapy after an initial weight loss: a randomized controlled trial; The maintenance of an obtained lower weight level is often found to be difficult. The aim of this study was to determine weight maintenance after an initial weight loss by consumption of a meal replacement with a vegetable-oil emulsion associated with prolonged satiety.
Effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid on metabolic status, BW and expression of genes related to lipid metabolism in adipose tissue of dairy cows during peripartum; Conjugated linoleic add (CLA) dietary supplementation reduces milk fat content and yield, but its effects on lipid metabolism and energy status remain controversial. The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary CLA on adipose tissue (AT) mRNA abundance of genes related to lipid metabolism, plasma indicators of metabolic status, body condition score (BCS) and BW changes in dairy cows. Sixteen multiparous Holstein cows (3.2 +/- 1.4 lactations, 615 +/- 15 kg BW) were randomly assigned to treatments: 1) CLA; rumen-protected CLA (75 g/d) or 2) Control; equivalent amount of rumen inert fatty add (FA) as the previous diet (78 g/d), from - 20.2 +/- 3.2 (mean +/- SEM) to 21 d relative to calving (d 0). Subcutaneous AT was biopsied from the tail-head region at d 21 to determine the mRNA abundance of genes related to lipid metabolism. Blood samples were collected at -20.2 +/- 3.2, 0, 7,14 and 21d relative to calving to determine plasma non-esterified fatty adds (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), insulin and glucose. Conjugated linoleic acid decreased milk fat yield and milk fat content by 15 and 16%, respectively. Cows fed CLA had lower plasma NEFA and BHBA and greater glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05). Mean BCS at 21d postpartum was greater (P < 0.01; 2.89 vs 2.25), and BCS loss from the day of enrollment to 21d postpartum was reduced (P < 0.01; -0.13 vs -0.64) in the CLA group. The expression of acylcoenzyme A oxidase, carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A, hormone-sensitive lipase, (32 adrenergic receptor and acetyl-CoA carboxylase was downregulated by CLA supplementation, whereas the expression of sterol regulatory element binding protein, lipoprotein lipase and peroxisome prohlerator-activated receptor gamma was upregulated (P < 0.01). In summary, CLA-supplemented cows showed signs of better metabolic status and less severe fat mobilization. Moreover, CLA increased mRNA abundance of genes related to lipogenesis and decreased mRNA abundance of genes related to FA oxidation and lipolysis in the AT of dairy cows during early lactation. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The Animal Consortium.
Interactions between Mediterranean Diet Supplemented with Dairy Foods and the Gut Microbiota Influence Cardiovascular Health in an Australian Population; The impact of a Mediterranean diet on the intestinal microbiome has been linked to its health benefits. We aim to evaluate the effects of a Mediterranean diet supplemented with dairy foods on the gut microbiome in Australians at risk of cardiovascular disease. In a randomised controlled cross-over study, 34 adults with a systolic blood pressure =120 mmHg and with risk factors for cardiovascular disease were randomly allocated to a Mediterranean diet with 3-4 daily serves of dairy foods (Australian recommended daily intake (RDI) of 1000-1300 mg per day (MedDairy)) or a low-fat (LFD) control diet. Between each 8-week diet, participants underwent an 8-week washout period. Microbiota characteristics of stool samples collected at the start and end of each diet period were determined by 16S rRNA amplicon sequencing. MedDairy-associated effects on bacterial relative abundance were correlated with clinical, anthropometric, and cognitive outcomes. No change in the overall faecal microbial structure or composition was observed with either diet (p > 0.05). The MedDairy diet was associated with changes in the relative abundance of several bacterial taxa, including an increase in Butyricicoccus and a decrease in Colinsella and Veillonella (p < 0.05). Increases in Butyricicoccus relative abundance over 8 weeks were inversely correlated with lower systolic blood pressure (r = -0.38, p = 0.026) and positively correlated with changes in fasting glucose levels (r = 0.39, p = 0.019), specifically for the MedDairy group. No significant associations were observed between the altered taxa and anthropometric or cognitive measures (p > 0.05). Compared to a low-fat control diet, the MedDairy diet resulted in changes in the abundance of specific gut bacteria, which were associated with clinical outcomes in adults at risk of CVD.
Inflammatory cytokine responses to progressive resistance training and supplementation with fortified milk in men aged 50+ years: an 18-month randomized controlled trial; We examined the effects of progressive resistance training (PRT) and supplementation with calcium-vitamin D-3 fortified milk on markers of systemic inflammation, and the relationship between inflammation and changes in muscle mass, size and strength. Healthy men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) participated in this 18-month randomized controlled trial that comprised a factorial 2 x 2 design. Participants were randomized to (1) PRT + fortified milk supplement, (2) PRT, (3) fortified milk supplement, or (4) a control group. Participants assigned to PRT trained 3 days per week, while those in the supplement groups consumed 400 ml day(-1) of milk containing 1,000 mg calcium plus 800 IU vitamin D-3. We collected venous blood samples at baseline, 12 and 18 months to measure the serum concentrations of IL-6, TNF-alpha and hs-CRP. There were no exercise x supplement interactions, but serum IL-6 was 29% lower (95% CI, -62, 0) in the PRT group compared with the control group after 12 months. Conversely, IL-6 was 31% higher (95% CI, -2, 65) in the supplement group compared with the non-supplemented groups after 12 and 18 months. These between-group differences did not persist after adjusting for changes in fat mass. In the PRT group, mid-tibia muscle cross-sectional area increased less in men with higher pre-training inflammation compared with those men with lower inflammation (net difference similar to 2.5%, p < 0.05). In conclusion, serum IL-6 concentration decreased following PRT, whereas it increased after supplementation with fortified milk concomitant with changes in fat mass. Furthermore, low-grade inflammation at baseline restricted muscle hypertrophy following PRT.
Remodelling of the superficial vascular network of skin flaps in rats, following a vasodilatory cream application, before elevation; Flap necrosis on random pattern skin flaps continues to be a challenge. In this study, we evaluated whether topical application of a vasodilator substance (the prostaglandin PGI(2) analogue, Iloprost(R), in cream form) as pre-treatment, would increase blood flow and improve flap viability. Wistar rats randomly allocated into four groups with 7 rats per group and two flaps 4cm x 2cm in the same rat i.e. 56 flaps were developed. Flaps on the wright side received pre-treatment with Cream in different drug concentrations, 2.5 mu gr/gr, 5 mu gr/gr, and 10 mu gr/gr and 20 mu gr/gr containing the active factor Iloprost(R) ZK 36,374(M. W 360.5) prepared with white petrolatum as a base. Flaps on the left side received placebo cream (white petrolatum). After 10 days of flap pre-treatment, evaluation of blood flow by laser Doppler flowmetry (LDF) were recorded, then flap elevation and re suturing back were performed. After 7 days we estimated flap viability on digital imaging and the percentages of flap survival estimated. Means and standard deviations were used to describe blood flow measurements and survival percentages. The significance was set at 0.05 in all cases and the analysis were carried out with the use of the SPSS v23.0. Furthermore, we performed dynamic analyses of circulation using the radioisotope 99mTc which confirmed hyperaemia of the treated areas relative to that observed in control areas. These findings demonstrated that pretreatment of skin flaps with Iloprost(R) cream for 10 days prior to elevation increased blood flow in the flap and improved their overall survival rate.
Effects of weaning age and pace on blood metabolites, cortisol concentration, and mRNA abundance of inflammation-related genes in gastrointestinal, adipose, and liver tissue of Holstein dairy calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of weaning age and pace on blood metabolites, cortisol concentration, and mRNA abundance of inflammation-related genes in Holstein dairy calves. A total of 70 1-dold calves (38.8 + 4.4 kg BW + SD), blocked by sex and birth BW, were randomly assigned to a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. The first factor was weaning age, which was either early (6 wk) or late (8 wk). The second factor was weaning pace, which was either abrupt (4 steps down over 3 d; the initial milk replacer was 7.6 L, which was reduced by 1.9 L in each stepdown) or gradual (7 steps down over 14 d; the initial milk replacer was 7.6 L, which was reduced by 1.09 L in each step-down), generating early-abrupt (EA), early-gradual (EG), late-abrupt (LA), and late-gradual (LG) treatments. All treatments had 10 female and 8 male calves, except EA that had 1 fewer male calf. Milk replacer (24% CP, 17% fat) was bottle fed, up to 1,200 g/d, twice daily (0600 h and 1800 h). The EA and EG treatment calves received 46.2 kg of milk replacer, and the LA and LG treatment calves received 63 kg of milk replacer. The study had 2 cohorts (2020, n = 40; 2021, n = 31), and each cohort included all treatments. Blood was collected from the jugular vein at 0900 h at 3 and 7 d of age, and a day before starting and a day after weaning completion. Male calves were humanely killed a day after weaning. Rumen, jejunum, large intestine, liver, omental adipose and perirenal adipose tissues were sampled to determine the mRNA abundance of inflammation-related genes. Weaning pace, age, pace x age, birth BW, and sex were included as fixed and cohort was included as random effects in the model. Blood metabolites and cortisol were analyzed as repeated measures, and sampling day, pace x sampling day, and age x sampling day were also included as additional fixed effects. Significance was noted at P <= 0.05 and tendencies when 0.05 < P <= 0.10. The EA calves showed a tendency to have the greatest non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentration compared with all other treatments. We observed a pace x day effect on serum NEFA and BHB; calves weaned at an abrupt pace had an increased level of NEFA after weaning compared with those weaned gradually. Calves weaned at the gradual pace showed the greatest serum BHB after weaning. Most mRNA abundances for inflammation-related genes affected by treatments showed a similar pattern. They were downregulated by the abrupt (liver IL-1 beta ) and early weaning (jejunum TNF-alpha and ICAM), and in some cases, the interaction intensified the effect, demonstrating a weakened immune response in calves experiencing more stressful conditions (EA: IL-6 in the liver and NF-kappa B in the perirenal adipose tissue). Overall, the downregulation of the mRNA abundance of inflammation-related genes in EA calves may be attributed to the suppression of the immune system and an immature immune response. Furthermore, the greater NEFA in EA calves could be attributed to a reduced starter intake, less developed rumen, or shorter time during the weaning transition.
Hormone-sensitive lipase protein expression and extent of phosphorylation in subcutaneous and retroperitoneal adipose tissues in the periparturient dairy cow; Lipomobilization is essential for dairy cows to balance the energy requirement for milk production in early lactation. This study aimed to determine the role of hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) and its activation by phosphorylation at Ser 660 (HSLp660) and 563 (HSLp563) in different adipose tissue depots as influenced by time and postpartum diet in dairy cows. Biopsy samples were obtained from s.c. (SCAT) and retroperitoneal (RPAT) adipose tissues of 20 Holstein cows 21 d prepartum, and 1 and 21 d postpartum. After d 1 postpartum, cows were randomly assigned to 2 groups (n = 10). Groups received diets with either a concentrate-to-roughage ratio on a dry matter basis of 30:70% (low-concentrate, LC, group) or 60:40% (high-concentrate group), fed until the third biopsy sampling 21 d postpartum. Dry matter intake, milk yield, and milk composition were recorded. Blood samples were taken weekly, starting 21 d prepartum and analyzed for nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), glucose, and insulin. Protein expression of HSL and its extent of phosphorylation in adipose tissue were measured by semiquantitative Western blotting. Total HSL expression was lower in both adipose tissues 1 d after calving compared with prepartum sampling (SCAT: 4.10 +/- 0.5 vs. 2.4 +/- 0.3; RPAT: 11.1 +/- 1.3 vs. 6.6 +/- 1.1). Phosphorylation at Ser 660 was higher 21 d postpartum compared with 21 d prepartum in RPAT (2.9 +/- 0.3 vs. 4.6 +/- 0.6). Phosphorylation at Ser 563 was higher 21 d postpartum than 21 d prepartum in SCAT (0.6 +/- 0.1 vs. 3.9 +/- 1.1), and in RPAT a difference was observed between 21 d prepartum and 1 d postpartum (1.0 +/- 0.1 vs. 3.3. +/- 0.6). On d 21 postpartum, the LC group showed a lower extent of Ser 563 phosphorylation in RPAT (3.9 +/- 0.8 vs. 10.0 +/- 1.9) and a higher concentration of serum BHBA (0.77 +/- 0.05 vs. 0.47 +/- 0.11) than did the high-concentrate group. An inhibitory influence of higher BHBA concentrations on HSL phosphorylation in the LC group could be a possible explanation. On comparing RPAT to SCAT, HSL expression and the extent of Ser 660 and 563 phosphorylation was higher in RPAT at 21 d prepartum (HSL: 4.1 +/- 0.5 vs. 11.1 +/- 1.2; HSLp660 1.3 +/- 0.2 vs. 2.9 +/- 0.3; HSLp563: 0.6 +/- 0.1 vs. 1.0 +/- 0.1). In conclusion, the postpartum feeding regimen influenced the phosphorylation pattern, especially in RPAT, implying a regulatory role for different phosphorylation sites in adaptive lipolysis of dairy cows. It is suggested that RPAT is more sensitive to periparturient challenges than is SCAT.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPrevious studies of the health effects of low-fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome.
Stroking of different body regions by a human: Effects on behaviour and heart rate of dairy cows; From observations of intra-specific social grooming in cattle and studies on human stroking in other species, we hypothesised that cows' reactions to human stroking differ depending on the body regions being stroked. Moreover, we tested, whether cows 'reactions to stroking change with the animals' experience of stroking.
Behavioral change during weight loss program and one-year follow-up: Saku Control Obesity Program (SCOP) in Japan; This study evaluated effects of a behavioral approach which placed emphasis on tailored behavior counseling, diet, weight loss and weight maintenance. A one-year randomized controlled trial was conducted among 235 overweight/obese adults in Japan. The intervention group (n=119) received individual-based counseling using a behavioral approach and the changes made in the diet and physical activity were dependent on each participant as much as possible. One year later, the intervention group lost significantly more weight than the control group (-5.0 kg vs. 0.1 kg for men and -3.9 kg vs. -0.2 kg for women). Compared to the control group, the male intervention group reduced overall energy, cereals and dairy products consumption significantly, while increasing green and yellow vegetable intake, and the female intervention group significantly reduced intake of dairy products. Regarding behaviors, both male and female intervention groups increased the number of walking steps and women improved their irregular eating habits compared to those in the control groups. Behavior changes were related to weight loss; participants who maintained the action/maintenance stage or moved to later stages lost significantly more weight than participants who remained in the pre-contemplation/contemplation/preparation stages or regressed to earlier stages. After one-year follow-up, the intervention group maintained significantly lower weights, lower energy intakes and improvements in irregular eating habits. Our behavioral approach led to diet and behavior modification, weight loss and maintenance. Because modified variables differed between men and women, gender-specific approaches may be necessary.
Yogurt and dairy product consumption to prevent cardiometabolic diseases: epidemiologic and experimental studies; Dairy products contribute important nutrients to our diet, including energy, calcium, protein, and other micro- and macronutrients. However, dairy products can be high in saturated fats, and dietary guidelines generally recommend reducing the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) to reduce coronary artery disease (CAD). Recent studies question the role of SFAs in cardiovascular disease (CVD) and have found that substitution of SFAs in the diet with omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids abundant in vegetable oils can, in fact, lead to an increased risk of death from CAD and CVD, unless they are balanced with n-3 polyunsaturated fat. Replacing SFAs with carbohydrates with a high glycemic index is also associated with a higher risk of CAD. Paradoxically, observational studies indicate that the consumption of milk or dairy products is inversely related to incidence of CVD. The consumption of dairy products has been suggested to ameliorate characteristics of the metabolic syndrome, which encompasses a cluster of risk factors including dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, increased blood pressure, and abdominal obesity, which together markedly increase the risk of diabetes and CVD. Dairy products, such as cheese, do not exert the negative effects on blood lipids as predicted solely by the content of saturated fat. Calcium and other bioactive components may modify the effects on LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Apart from supplying valuable dairy nutrients, yogurt may also exert beneficial probiotic effects. The consumption of yogurt, and other dairy products, in observational studies is associated with a reduced risk of weight gain and obesity as well as of CVD, and these findings are, in part, supported by randomized trials.
Butter and walnuts, but not olive oil, elicit postprandial activation of nuclear transcription factor KB in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy men; Background: Nuclear transcription factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) plays an important role in atherosclerosis by modulating gene expression. Postprandial lipemia has been correlated with an increase in NF-kappaB activation in vascular cells and it is associated with an increase in postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins, which are involved in the development of atherosclerotic plaque. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the effect of the intakes of 3 different foods with different fat compositions on the postprandial activation of monocyte NF-kappaB. Design: Eight healthy men followed a 4-wk baseline diet and then consumed 3 fat-load meals consisting of 1 g fat/kg body wt (65% fat) according to a randomized crossover design. Each meal had a different fatty acid composition, and the consumption of each meal was separated by 1 wk. The compositions of the 3 test meals were as follows: olive oil meal [22% saturated fatty acids (SFAs), 38% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), 4% polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), and 0.7% a-linolenic acid], butter meal (38% SFAs, 22% MUFAs, 4% PUFAs, and 0.7% a-linolenic acid), and walnut meal (20% SFAs, 24% MUFAs, 16% PUFAs, and 4% a-linolenic acid). Results: Ingestion of the olive oil meal did not elicit NF-KB activation compared with ingestion of either the butter meal at 3 h (P < 0.05) or the walnut meal at 9 h (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the postprandial triacylglycerol response between the 3 meals. Conclusions: Consumption of an olive oil-enriched meal does not activate NF-KB in monocytes as do butter and walnut-enriched meals. This effect could enhance the cardioprotective effect of olive oil-enriched diets.
Diets enriched in whey or casein improve energy balance and prevent morbidity and renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats; High-fat diets induce obesity and increase risks of diabetes and cardiovascular and renal disorders. Whey-or casein-enriched diets decrease food intake and weight gain; however, their cardiovascular and renal benefits are unclear. We determined whether whey-and casein-enriched diets improve energy balance and are protective against renal damage and morbidity associated with stroke in an obesogenic and hypertensive experimental setting. We also assessed whether the hypophagic effects of these diets were due to reduced diet preference. In experiment 1, spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats were randomized to (a) control (CON; 14% kcal protein, 33% fat), (b) whey (WHY; 40% protein, 33% fat), (c) casein (CAS; 40% protein, 33% fat) or (d) chow (CHW; 24% protein, 13% fat) for 12 weeks with 1% salt in drinking water for CON, WHY and CAS groups. Our results demonstrated that both WHY and CAS produced short-term hypophagia, moderately increased energy expenditure and decreased respiratory quotient, body weight and lean mass, with effects of WHY being more prolonged. Further, only WHY decreased fat mass and blood pressure. Importantly, both WHY and CAS prevented morbidity associated with stroke and decreased indices of renal inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin-6) and damage (osteopontin, renal lesions). In experiment 2, following four initial conditioning trials, the preference for CON, WHY or CAS diet was determined. Both WHY and CAS decreased food intake during conditioning and decreased preference. In conclusion, diets enriched in whey or casein improved energy balance, increased survival and prevented renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Biomarkers of dairy fat intake and risk of cardiovascular disease: A systematic review and meta analysis of prospective studies; Background: Circulating biomarkers of dairy fat provide objective measures of dairy fat intake and facilitate conclusions relevant to populations with different diets and susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases (CVD).
Milk intake is not associated with ischaemic heart disease in observational or Mendelian randomization analyses in 98 529 Danish adults; Background: Observationally, reports on the association between milk intake and risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) and myocardial infarction (MI) have produced conflicting results; and no previous large-scale study using the lactase persistent/non-persistent LCT-13910 C/T genotype as a largely unconfounded proxy for milk intake free of reverse causation has been conducted. We tested the hypothesis that milk intake observationally and genetically through the LCT-13910 C/T genotype is associated with risk of IHD and MI in a Mendelian randomization design.
DASH Diet, Insulin Resistance, and Serum hs-CRP in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; This study was designed to assess the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance and serum hsCRP in overweight and obese women with PCOS. This randomized controlled clinical trial was done on 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet consisted of 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % proteins, and 30 % total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Sodium content of the DASH diet was designed to be less than 2 400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % protein, and 30 % total fat. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention to measure -insulin resistance and serum hs-CRP levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the -control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (-1.88 vs. 2.89 mu IU/ml, p = 0.03), HOMA-IR score (-0.45 vs. 0.80; p = 0.01), and serum hs-CRP levels (-763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/ml, p = 0.009). Additionally, a significant reduction in waist (-5.2 vs. -2.1 cm; p = 0.003) and hip circumference (-5.9 vs. -1 cm; p < 0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in the improvement of insulin resistance, serum hsCRP levels, and abdominal fat accumulation.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials of substituting soymilk for cow's milk and intermediate cardiometabolic outcomes: understanding the impact of dairy alternatives in the transition to plant-based diets on cardiometabolic health; Background Dietary guidelines recommend a shift to plant-based diets. Fortified soymilk, a prototypical plant protein food used in the transition to plant-based diets, usually contains added sugars to match the sweetness of cow's milk and is classified as an ultra-processed food. Whether soymilk can replace minimally processed cow's milk without the adverse cardiometabolic effects attributed to added sugars and ultra-processed foods remains unclear. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials, to assess the effect of substituting soymilk for cow's milk and its modification by added sugars (sweetened versus unsweetened) on intermediate cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched (through June 2024) for randomized controlled trials of >= 3 weeks in adults. Outcomes included established markers of blood lipids, glycemic control, blood pressure, inflammation, adiposity, renal disease, uric acid, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. The certainty of evidence was assessed using GRADE (Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation). A sub-study of lactose versus sucrose outside of a dairy-like matrix was conducted to explore the role of sweetened soymilk which followed the same methodology. Results Eligibility criteria were met by 17 trials (n = 504 adults with a range of health statuses), assessing the effect of a median daily dose of 500 mL of soymilk (22 g soy protein and 17.2 g or 6.9 g/250 mL added sugars) in substitution for 500 mL of cow's milk (24 g milk protein and 24 g or 12 g/250 mL total sugars as lactose) on 19 intermediate outcomes. The substitution of soymilk for cow's milk resulted in moderate reductions in non-HDL-C (mean difference, - 0.26 mmol/L [95% confidence interval, - 0.43 to - 0.10]), systolic blood pressure (- 8.00 mmHg [- 14.89 to - 1.11]), and diastolic blood pressure (- 4.74 mmHg [- 9.17 to - 0.31]); small important reductions in LDL-C (- 0.19 mmol/L [- 0.29 to - 0.09]) and c-reactive protein (CRP) (- 0.82 mg/L [- 1.26 to - 0.37]); and trivial increases in HDL-C (0.05 mmol/L [0.00 to 0.09]). No other outcomes showed differences. There was no meaningful effect modification by added sugars across outcomes. The certainty of evidence was high for LDL-C and non-HDL-C; moderate for systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, CRP, and HDL-C; and generally moderate-to-low for all other outcomes. We could not conduct the sub-study of the effect of lactose versus added sugars, as no eligible trials could be identified. ConclusionsCurrent evidence provides a good indication that replacing cow's milk with soymilk (including sweetened soymilk) does not adversely affect established cardiometabolic risk factors and may result in advantages for blood lipids, blood pressure, and inflammation in adults with a mix of health statuses. The classification of plant-based dairy alternatives such as soymilk as ultra-processed may be misleading as it relates to their cardiometabolic effects and may need to be reconsidered in the transition to plant-based diets.
Calcium and dairy product modulation of lipid utilization and energy expenditure; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of dietary calcium or dairy product intake on total energy expenditure (TEE), fat oxidation, and thermic effect of a meal (TEM) during a weight loss trial.
Duration and degree of diet-induced metabolic acidosis prepartum alter tissue responses to insulin in dairy cows; The objective of this experiment was to determine the effects of altering the dietary cation-anion difference (DCAD) fed for the last 21 or 42 d of gestation on glucose metabolism and tissue insulin responsiveness. Ninety parous Holstein cows at 232 d of gestation were assigned randomly to dietary treatments with 2 levels of DCAD (-70 or -180 mEq/kg) fed for 2 durations (short: the last 21 d of gestation; long: the last 42 d of gestation). For the short treatments, a diet with +110 mEq/kg was fed from 232 to 254 d of gestation. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) were performed at either 250 or 270 d of gestation by infusing 0.25 g of dextrose/kg of body weight within 1 min. The following day, cows underwent an insulin challenge (IC) and received 0.1 IU of insulin/kg of body weight intravenously. Blood was sampled at min -15, -5, arid 0 to establish a baseline and from 5 to 180 min relative to infusions; plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, and fatty acids were determined, and the respective areas under the curves (AUC) were calculated. Liver was sampled after the IVGTT, and adipose tissue was sampled after the IVGTT and IC for quantification of mRNA expression and protein abundance. Reducing the DCAD altered acid base balance compatible with a compensated metabolic acidosis. At 250 d, reducing the DCAD increased the AUC for glucose and reduced that of insulin following the IVGTT, whereas during the IC, clearance rate decreased and time to half-life of insulin increased with reducing DCAD, resulting in a tendency to a larger AUC for fatty acids. At 270 d, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index and the revised quantitative insulin sensitivity check index were smaller in cows fed the acidogenic diets for the last 42 d of gestation compared with the last 21 d of gestation, thereby suggesting reduced insulin sensitivity. In addition, cows fed for the long duration tended to have greater AUC for glucose but smaller AUC for insulin following an IVGTT than those fed for the short duration, thereby suggesting reduced insulin release and glucose disposal. Treatments did not affect hepatic mRNA expression of G6PC, PCK1, PCK2, and PC or adipose tissue mRNA expression of ATGL, ACC, B2AR, HSL, and PLIN1. On the other hand, for proteins, reducing the DCAD linearly reduced abundance of rabbit anti-mouse protein kinase B (AKT) and tended to reduce rabbit anti-human phosphorylated (Ser-9) glycogen synthase kinase-3 (pGSK) arid the pGSK:rabbit anti-human glycogen synthase kinase-3 R (GSK) ratio in hepatic tissue, whereas a linear increase in rabbit anti-human hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) and rabbit anti-mouse phosphorylated (Ser-660) hormone-sensitive lipase (pHSL) in adipose tissue was observed after the IVGTT at 250 d. Moreover, reducing the DCAD resulted in a linear reduction of AKT and tended to reduce rabbit anti-human acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) but increased pHSL linearly in adipose tissue after an IC at 250 d. Cows fed acidogenic diets for a short duration tended to have less pHSL in adipose tissue than those fed for a long duration after an IVGTT at 270 d. Associations were observed between blood pH and mRNA and protein abundance in hepatic and adipose tissues. Diet-induced metabolic acidosis altered insulin release and insulin signaling, resulting in a shift in adipose tissue metabolism that would favor lipolysis over lipogenesis.
Dietary Calcium Source Influences Body Composition, Glucose Metabolism and Hormone Levels in a Mouse Model of Postmenopausal Obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has risen dramatically, with postmenopausal women particularly prone to increased adiposity. Epidemiologic data suggest that dietary calcium, particularly from dairy products, can decrease weight gain. The aim of this study was to evaluate effects of different calcium sources in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity. Materials and Methods: Ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice were randomized to either low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diets containing either calcium phosphate from non-fat dried milk and whey mineral concentrate (dairy) or calcium carbonate (supplement). Results: Dairy, but not supplement, decreased weight gain and percent body fat in HF mice, with no effect on food consumption. Dairy improved insulin resistance and glucose tolerance, while supplement increased bone mineral density in LF mice. Dairy had no effect oil bone. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of dietary calcium on body weight and bone health after menopause may be significantly influenced by other dietary components.
Preventive effects of transcutaneous electrical acustimulation on ischemic stroke-induced constipation mediated via the autonomic pathway; The aim of this study was to explore the preventive effect and possible mechanisms of transcutaneous electrical acustimulation (TEA) on stroke-induced constipation. A total of 86 ischemic stroke patients were randomly allocated to 2-wk TEA or sham-TEA group. Bowel dairy and Bristol Stool Form Scale were recorded daily. Constipation and dyspeptic symptom assessment was performed at the end of the 14-day treatment. Electrocardiogram was recorded for the assessment of autonomic function. The correlation between autonomic function at admission and stroke severity was assessed. The univariate and multivariate regression analyses were performed to investigate the risk factors for stroke-induced constipation. The cumulative incidence of stroke-induced constipation was 68.2% at the acute stage. Sympathetic nerve activity at admission was positively correlated with stroke severity (R = 0.47, P < 0.001). Sympathetic nerve activity and stroke severity were independent risk factors for stroke-induced constipation. TEA decreased cumulative incidence of stroke-induced constipation (42.9 vs. 68.2%, P = 0.029). TEA significantly increased frequency of bowel movements (4.5 vs. 5.5, P = 0.001) and spontaneous bowel movements (3.0 vs. 4.5, P = 0.003) per week. TEA decreased straining defecations (0.2 vs. 0, P < 0.001) and laxative use (1 vs. 0, P < 0.001). TEA improved stool consistency and patients' quality of life (P < 0.05, resp.). TEA increased vagal activity (P < 0.001 vs. baseline) and decreased sympathetic activity (P < 0.001 vs. baseline). lschemic stroke patients are predisposed to autonomic function imbalance. TEA was effective in the prevention of stroke-induced constipation, and the effect was possibly mediated via the autonomic function.
Increased Dairy Product Intake Alters Serum Metabolite Profiles in Subjects at Risk of Developing Type 2 Diabetes; Scope Metabolomics is increasingly used to identify biomarkers of diet or chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes. Yet, metabolite signatures following dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects have not been identified. The objective is to evaluate the effects of a high dairy diet (HD) for 6 weeks (4 servings or more per day), compared with an adequate dairy diet (AD) (2 servings or less per day), on serum metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic adults. Methods and results In this crossover trial, subjects are randomized to HD or AD for 6 weeks. Serum metabolites are assessed using GC/MS. Twenty-six subjects completed the study. Levels of pentadecanoic acid, tyrosine and lathosterol are increased in HD, while 1,5-anhydrosorbitol, myo-inositol, 3-aminoisobutyric acid and beta-sitosterol are decreased (p < 0.05). Sorbitol levels are increased after AD, while hexanoic acid, lauric acid, l-kynurenine, methionine, and benzoic acid levels are reduced (p < 0.05). Histidine, caprylic acid, nonanoic acid, decanoic acid, lauric acid, heptadecanoic acid, and benzoic acid levels are increased in HD compared to AD, while malic acid levels are increased in AD compared with HD (p < 0.05). Conclusion Higher dairy products intake modifies metabolite profiles in hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Weight loss and lipid changes with low-energy diets: Comparator study of milk-based versus soy-based liquid meal replacement interventions; Objectives: Soy protein intake has favorable effects on body weight and fat distribution in experimental animals but these effects have not been demonstrated in humans. To compare effects of soy- vs. milk-based meal replacements (MR) we assessed weight loss and serum lipoproteins changes for obese subjects who consumed low-energy diets (LED) including either milk-based or soy-based MR.
A comparison of serum metabolic and production profiles of dairy cows that maintained or lost body condition 15 days before calving; Body condition score (BCS) change is an indirect measure of energy balance. Energy balance before calving may affect production and health in the following lactation. It is likely that cows may experience BCS loss before calving due to negative energy balance. The objective of this study was to determine if loss of BCS 15 d before calving affected milk production, BCS profile, and metabolic status during the transition period and early lactation. On d -15 to d 0 relative to calving, BCS was assessed (1 = emaciated, 5 = obese) for 98 Holstein-Friesian cows. The cows were divided into 2 groups: those that did not lose BCS between d -15 and d 0 (maintained, BCS-M, n = 55) and those that lost BCS from d -15 to d 0 (lost, BCS-L, n = 43, average loss of 0.29 +/- 0.11 BCS). The fixed effects of BCS group, parity, week (day when analyzing milk production records), their interactions, and a random effect of cow were analyzed using PROC MIXED of SAS (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC). Before calving, BCS-L cows tended to have higher concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids than BCS-M cows (0.88 vs. 0.78 mmol/L). After calving, BCS-L cows had higher nonesterified fatty acid concentrations in wk 1 (0.93 vs. 0.71 mmol/L), wk 2 (0.84 vs. 0.69 mmol/L), and wk 4 (0.81 vs. 0.63 mmol/L) than BCS-M cows. The BCS-L cows had higher concentrations of P-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) in wk 1 (0.72 vs. 0.57 mmol/L), wk 2 (0.97 vs. 0.70 mmol/L), and wk 4 (0.94 vs. 0.67 mmol/L) compared with BCS-M cows. We detected significant reductions in insulin concentrations in BCS-L cows from wk -1 (2.23 vs. 1.37 mu IU/mL) to wk 2 (1.68 vs. 0.89 mu IU/mL) and wk 4 (2.21 vs 1.59 mu IU/mL) compared with BCS-M cows. Prevalence of subclinical ketosis increased in BCS-L cows in wk 3 and 4 when BHB was >= 1.4 mmol/L and in wk 1, 3, and 4 when BHB was >= 1.2 mmol/L. In wk 1, BCS-L cows tended to have lower levels of calcium than BCS-M cows (2.33 vs. 2.27 mmol/L). We found no differences between the groups of cows for milk yield and energy corrected milk. The BCS-L cows had lower BCS up to 75 d in lactation. Overall, BCS-L cows had higher somatic cell scores with an elevated somatic cell score on d 45, d 60, and d 75. There was an overall tendency for BCS-L cows to have higher fat yield and an overall significant increase in fat percentage. Overall, BCS-L cows had lower lactose percentage, with a reduction on d 60. This work shows that BCS loss before calving may have significant consequences for metabolic status, milk composition, somatic cell score, and BCS profile in dairy cows.
Tanshinone IIA-Loaded Nanoparticle and Neural Stem Cell Therapy Enhances Recovery in a Pig Ischemic Stroke Model; Induced pluripotent stem cell-derived neural stem cells (iNSCs) are a multimodal stroke therapeutic that possess neuroprotective, regenerative, and cell replacement capabilities post-ischemia. However, long-term engraftment and efficacy of iNSCs is limited by the cytotoxic microenvironment post-stroke. Tanshinone IIA (Tan IIA) is a therapeutic that demonstrates anti-inflammatory and antioxidative effects in rodent ischemic stroke models and stroke patients. Therefore, pretreatment with Tan IIA may create a microenvironment that is more conducive to the long-term survival of iNSCs. In this study, we evaluated the potential of Tan IIA drug-loaded nanoparticles (Tan IIA-NPs) to improve iNSC engraftment and efficacy, thus potentially leading to enhanced cellular, tissue, and functional recovery in a translational pig ischemic stroke model. Twenty-two pigs underwent middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) and were randomly assigned to a PBS + PBS, PBS + iNSC, or Tan IIA-NP + iNSC treatment group. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), modified Rankin Scale neurological evaluation, and immunohistochemistry were performed over a 12-week study period. Immunohistochemistry indicated pretreatment with Tan IIA-NPs increased iNSC survivability. Furthermore, Tan IIA-NPs increased iNSC neuronal differentiation and decreased iNSC reactive astrocyte differentiation. Tan IIA-NP + iNSC treatment enhanced endogenous neuroprotective and regenerative activities by decreasing the intracerebral cellular immune response, preserving endogenous neurons, and increasing neuroblast formation. MRI assessments revealed Tan IIA-NP + iNSC treatment reduced lesion volumes and midline shift. Tissue preservation and recovery corresponded with significant improvements in neurological recovery. This study demonstrated pretreatment with Tan IIA-NPs increased iNSC engraftment, enhanced cellular and tissue recovery, and improved neurological function in a translational pig stroke model.
Effects of selenium supplementation on chemical composition and aromatic profiles of cow milk and its derived cheese; This study aimed to investigate the effect of dietary selenium supplementation of Friesian cows on chemical-nutritional and volatile fraction of caciocavallo cheese. A sample of 32 Friesian cows, balanced for parity, milk production, and days in milk, were randomly assigned to 2 groups. The control group (CG) was fed with a conventional feeding strategy, while the experimental group (SeG) received a daily selenomethionine supplementation of 0.45 mg/kg in total mixed ration. During the experimental period, milk yield was monitored, and samples of milk and caciocavallo cheese were collected and analyzed to obtain information on chemical-nutritional composition and volatile compounds profile. Dietary Se integration did not induce variations on milk yield or composition but significantly lowered the somatic cell count (SCC). In both milk and cheese, samples from SeG were characterized by a lower concentration of saturated fatty acids (SFA) and increases in linoleic and rumenic acids. The volatile compounds profile of dairy products was also positively affected by dietary Se intake, with an increase in concentration of free fatty acids, esters, and aldehydes. These results suggest that Se plays a positive role in improving bovine mammary gland functionality and the nutraceutical properties of milk and caciocavallo cheese made therefrom. Such findings could contribute to the production of cheeses with interesting organoleptic properties, although further sensorial evaluations should be performed to deeply investigate these changes and confirm consumer acceptability.
The current situation on vascular cognitive impairment after ischemic stroke in Changsha; The objectives of the study were to explore the prevalence and effects of vascular cognitive impairment (VCI) among ischemic stroke patients and to provide a basis for prevention and treatment strategies. A stratified cluster random sampling method was performed, and 689 ischemic stroke patients (over 40 years of age) were enrolled. All of the patients had received a neuropsychological assessment battery to assess cognitive function and self-designed questionnaires to collect relevant information. According to the cognitive status, the patients were divided into two groups, a case group and a control group. The caregivers of the patients were given a questionnaire concerning the awareness of and attitudes toward VCI. In this study, we determined that the prevalence of VCI was 41.8%. Aging, paraventricular white matter lesion (WML), macroangiopathy, high levels of alcohol, a lack of hobbies, and excessive sleep were risk factors for vascular cognitive impairment no dementia (VCIND). A high level of education, manual-work, low level of alcohol use, regular health checks, a vegetable-based diet, and more fruit and milk were protective factors for VCIND. Living alone, hyperlipidemia, transient ischemic attack, a family history of stroke, and brain atrophy were risk factors of vascular dementia (VD). A high educational level, a vegetable-based diet, and tea were protective factors for VD. The general public awareness of VCI was found to be insufficient, and there was a prejudice toward and lack of funding for the care of VCI patients. The prevalence of VCI is high in ischemic stroke patients, and there are different impact factors at different stages. Despite the high prevalence of VCI, the general public awareness is limited. Appropriate prevention measures should be developed to reduce the prevalence of VCI. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A two-center, assessor-blinded, prospective trial evaluating the efficacy of a novel hypertonic draining cream for cellulite reduction: A Clinical and instrumental (Antera 3D CS) assessment; IntroductionGynoid lipodystrophy, also known as cellulite, is a very common skin alteration representing mainly a cosmetic problem rather than a real disease. An effective treatment of cellulite has not been well established. The initial phase of cellulite is characterized by subdermal tissue edema with interstitial fluids retention. A new hypertonic topical product with draining action (HTC) containing NaCl 13%, escine, caffeine, and beta-sitosterol has been recently developed. A 28-day double-blind placebo-controlled study has shown that this cream is able to reduce thigh circumference and the thickness of adipose tissue. No data so far are available regarding an objective evaluation of skin appearance for a longer application period.
Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk enhances the attainment of LDL-cholesterol goal in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background The number of hypercholesterolemic individuals who do not meet their cholesterol recommended targets is inappropriately high. The use of plant sterol-enriched foods could help in this clinical setting. Aim of the study To evaluate the efficacy and side effects of plant sterol-enriched fermented milk in reducing LDL-cholesterol and increasing the number of patients who attain their therapeutic targets. Methods This was a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel clinical trial. Eighty-three hypercholesterolemic patients that were not at therapeutic goals were studied. The patients received one 100 ml serving of either plain (control) low-fat or phytosterol enriched (1.6 g of free sterol equivalents) drinkable yogurt per day along with the main meal for 42 days. The principal variables were variation on LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentration and the number of patients achieving therapeutic goals after intervention. Results Patients on phytosterols attained an average LDL-C reduction of more than 10% (12.2% after 3 weeks; 10.6% after 6 weeks) (P = 0.001; 95% CI: 4.03-19.00) regardless of statin therapy compared to the control group. About 50% of the subjects on phytosterols, as compared to 20% of controls, attained their LDL-C target values (< 3.3 or < 2.6 mmol/l for primary and secondary prevention, respectively) at the end of the study (P < 0.001). HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) did not change and triglycerides (TG) were decreased by 14% (P < 0.018). The plasma sterols/total cholesterol ratio increased. Conclusions Plant sterol-enriched fermented milk significantly reduced LDL-C and increased the number of moderately hypercholesterolemic patients achieving therapeutic targets.
Effects of postpartum dietary fat and body condition score at parturition on plasma, adipose tissue, and milk fatty acid composition of lactating beef cows; Two experiments were conducted with lactating Angus x Gelbvieh beef cows to determine the effects of postpartum lipid supplementation, BCS at parturition, and day of lactation on fatty acid profiles in plasma, adipose tissue, and milk. In Exp. 1, 36 primiparous cows (488 +/- 10 kg of initial BW; 5.5 +/- 0.02 initial BCS) were given ad libitum access to hay and assigned randomly to a low-fat (control) supplement or supplements with cracked, high-linoleate safflower seeds (linoleate) or cracked, high-oleate safflower seeds (oleate) from d 3 to 90 of lactation. Diets were formulated to be isonitrogenous and isocaloric; safflower seed diets provided 5% of DMI as fat. Plasma and milk samples were collected on. d 30, 60, and 90 of lactation. Adipose tissue biopsies were collected near the tail-head region of cows on d 45 and 90 of lactation. In Exp. 2, 3-yr-old cows achieving a BCS of 4 +/- 0.07 (479 +/- 36 kg of BW) or 6 +/- 0.07 (580 +/- 53 kg of BW) at parturition were used in a 2-yr experiment (n = 36/yr). Beginning 3 d postpartum through d 61 of lactation, cows were fed diets similar to those of Exp. 1. Adipose tissue and milk samples were collected on d 30 and 60, and plasma was collected on d 31 and 61 of lactation. Responses to postpartum dietary treatment were comparable in both experiments. Cows fed linoleate and oleate had greater (P < 0.001) total fatty acid concentrations in plasma than cows fed control. Except for 15:1, milk fatty acids with <18 carbons were greatest (P <= 0.01) for cows fed control, whereas milk from cows fed linoleate had the greatest (P <= 0.02) 18:1trans-11, 18:2n-6, and cis-9, trans-11 CLA. Milk from cows fed oleate had the greatest (P < 0.001) 18:1cis-9. In Exp. 1, total fatty acid concentrations in adipose tissue samples decreased at d 90 compared with d 45 of lactation, but the fatty acid profile of cow adipose tissue was not affected (P = 0.14 to 0.80) by dietary treatment. In Exp. 2, the percentage of cis-9, trans-11 CLA in adipose tissue of cows with a BCS of 6 decreased (P = 0.001) from d 30 to 60 of lactation. Plasma and milk fatty acid composition reflected alterations in postpartum diet. Less medium-chain fatty acids and more 18-carbon fatty acids in milk were indicative of reduced de novo fatty acid synthesis in the mammary gland of beef cows fed lipid supplements; however, the metabolic demands of lactation prevented the deposition of exogenously derived fatty acids in adipose tissue through d 90 of lactation.
Consumption of yacon flour improves body composition and intestinal function in overweight adults: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background & aims: Yacon root is a natural source of fructooligosaccharides (FOS), and it has been studied for its potential effect as a functional food. However, FOS in the in natura root are rapidly hydrolyzed. Thus, the use of dehydrated products such as flour ensures stability of FOS. The effect of chronic consumption of yacon flour on body composition, food intake and of biochemical variables concentration has not yet been evaluated in humans. Thus, we evaluated the effects of yacon flour consumption on these variables associated with excess body weight.
Effects of supplementing Holstein cows with soybean oil compared with palmitic acid-enriched triglycerides on milk production and nutrient partitioning; Both insulin and trans-10,cis-12 C18:2 (t10c12CLA) can be increased by high-starch diets; thus, it is difficult to determine whether insulin or t10c12CLA mediates nutrient partitioning toward body tissues during milk fat depression. To minimize insulin secretion while manipulating t10c12CLA levels, diets supplemented with palmitic acid-enriched triglycerides and soybean oil were fed to cows. Thirty-two Holstein cows (93 +/- 35 d in milk) were included in the crossover experiment with each treatment period being 28 d. Treatment diets contained 25% neutral detergent fiber, 32% starch, 18% crude protein, and 4.6% fatty acids (dry matter basis). Treatment diets contained either palmitic acid-enriched triglycerides (2.5% dry matter, BergaFat T-300, Berg + Schmidt America LLC, Libertyville, IL; PAT) or soybean oil (2.5% dry matter; SBO). Cows were blocked by milk yield, body weight, and parity, and then randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatment sequences (PAT-SBO or SBO-PAT). Cows fed PAT produced milk with only 3.1% fat, indicating milk fat depression; SBO decreased fat content further to only 2.4%. No effect of treatment was observed on dry matter intake, apparent net energy intake, milk yield, body condition score, or fat thickness over the rump and rib. However, compared with PAT, SBO decreased fat-corrected milk yield, energy-corrected milk yield, milk fat yield, de novo fatty acids, and 16-carbon fatty acid yield, whereas SBO increased body weight gain. Neutral detergent fiber digestibility tended to be lower in SBO, whereas fatty acid digestibility was higher. Additionally, the concentration of plasma insulin, nonesterified fatty acids, and triglycerides, and milk metabolites (trans-10 C18:1 and t10c12CLA) were all higher in SBO. In conclusion, with similar dietary starch content, the diet containing palmitic acid-enriched triglycerides partitioned more energy toward milk synthesis, whereas the diet containing soybean oil partitioned more energy toward body tissue gain.
Effects of bypass fat on postpartum reproductive performance in dairy cattle; This study was conducted to determine the effects of bypass fat on postpartum reproductive performance in dairy cattle. A total of 40 advance pregnant crossbred dairy cows of 2nd to 5th parity were randomly divided into two groups, control (n=10) and treatment (n=30). The control animals were maintained on routine standard feeding schedule. The treatment animals in addition to routine standard feeding schedule, were supplemented orally daily with extra 100 g of bypass fat (Enerfat, Kemin) for about 2 weeks before expected date of calving and continued one week after calving. The level of bypass fat was then increased as per the milk production @ 10 gram per litre of milk produced until 60 days postpartum limiting to maximum of 250 gram/day. Blood samples were collected from each animal at 2 week prior to expected date of calving (-14), day 0, 10, 20 and 30 of calving, for the estimation of various blood biochemical parameters. Gross uterine involution and the interval from calving to first estrus occurrence were recorded. Bypass supplementation non-significantly reduce uterine involution time and time from calving to first postpartum observed estrus. Peripartum bypass fat supplementation significantly (P<0.05) increased serum glucose and total cholesterol but significantly (P<0.05) decreased serum (non-esterified fatty acids) NEFA level.
Yogurt and weight management; A large body of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) has examined the role of dairy products in weight loss and maintenance of healthy weight. Yogurt is a dairy product that is generally very similar to milk, but it also has some unique properties that may enhance its possible role in weight maintenance. This review summarizes the human RCT and prospective observational evidence on the relation of yogurt consumption to the management and maintenance of body weight and Composition. The RCT evidence is limited to 2 small, short-term, energy-restricted trials. They both showed greater weight losses with yogurt: interventions, but the difference between the yogurt intervention and the control diet was only significant in one of these trials. There are 5 prospective observational studies that have examined the association between yogurt and weight gain. The results of these studies are equivocal. Two of these studies reported that individuals with higher yogurt consumption gained less weight over time. One of these same studies also considered changes in waist circumference (WC) and showed that higher yogurt consumption was associated with smaller increases in WC. A third study was inconclusive because of low statistical power. A fourth study observed no association between changes in yogurt intake and weight gain, but the results suggested that those with the largest increases in yogurt intake during the study also had the highest increase in WC. The final study examined weight and WC change separately by sex and baseline weight status and showed benefits for both weight and WC changes for higher yogurt consumption in overweight men, but it also found that higher yogurt consumption in normal-weight women was associated with a greater increase in weight over follow-up. Potential underlying mechanisms for the action of yogurt on weight are briefly discussed.
Oral administration of acidophilus milk supplemented with calcium pyruvate modulates biochemical parameters and weight gain in rats fed high fat diet; This study aims to evaluate the protective effect of acidophilus milk supplemented with calcium pyruvate on reduction of obesity in rat model. For that purpose, Albino rats were randomized into three groups; rats in the first group (I, control) were fed high fat diet while rats in experimental groups were fed the same diet and orally administrated with acidophilus milk or acidophilus milk supplemented with 3 % of calcium pyruvate for rats in group III. After five weeks of intervention, levels of plasma triglycerides, cholesterol, glucose, liver markers, and IL-6 and body weight were significantly (p < 0.05) increased in rats of group I compared to rats in both experimental groups. Also, levels of plasma IL-10 were significantly increased in the experimental groups compared to rats in group I. Results of this study indicated that supplementation of acidophilus milk with calcium pyruvate could decrease the weight gain and modulate plasma triglycerides, cholesterol, glucose, liver markers, IL-6 and IL-10 in rat model. Indeed, further research on the molecular mechanism of anti-obesity effect of calcium pyruvate is still needed.
Postprandial Effects of a Proprietary Milk Protein Hydrolysate Containing Bioactive Peptides in Prediabetic Subjects (vol 11, 1700, 2019); Milk proteins have been hypothesized to protect against type 2 diabetes (T2DM) by beneficially modulating glycemic response, predominantly in the postprandial status. This potential is, amongst others, attributed to the high content of whey proteins, which are commonly a product of cheese production. However, native whey has received substantial attention due to its higher leucine content, and its postprandial glycemic effect has not been assessed thus far in prediabetes. In the present study, the impact of a milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin with alpha-glucosidase inhibiting properties was determined in prediabetics in a randomized, cross-over trial. Subjects received a single dose of placebo or low- or high-dosed milk protein hydrolysate prior to a challenge meal high in carbohydrates. Concentration-time curves of glucose and insulin were assessed. Incremental areas under the curve (iAUC) of glucose as the primary outcome were significantly reduced by low-dosed milk peptides compared to placebo (p = 0.0472), and a minor insulinotropic effect was seen. A longer intervention period with the low-dosed product did not strengthen glucose response but significantly reduced HbA1c values (p = 0.0244). In conclusion, the current milk protein hydrolysate of native whey origin has the potential to modulate postprandial hyperglycemia and hence may contribute in reducing the future risk of developing T2DM.
Acute differential effects of milk-derived dietary proteins on postprandial lipaemia in obese non-diabetic subjects; Background/Objectives: Postprandial lipaemia is an established risk factor for atherosclerosis. To investigate the acute effect of four milk-derived dietary proteins (alpha-lactalbumin, whey isolate, caseinoglycomacropeptide and whey hydrolysate) on postprandial lipaemia, we have conducted a randomized, acute, single-blinded clinical intervention study with crossover design.
What else adds to hypertension in predicting stroke?: An incident case-referent study; Objectives. To examine to what extent traditional biomedical risk factors and social factors can predict, separately or jointly, first-ever stroke event, and to explore to what extent other risk factors might add to hypertension/elevated blood pressure as a stroke risk factor.
Plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreases blood cholesterol concentrations in Chinese adults: a randomised controlled trial; The cholesterol-lowering effects of plant sterols in a format suitable for use in China have not previously been investigated. We conducted the study to quantify in adult Chinese the effects on blood lipid concentrations of a plant sterol-enriched milk tea powder. The study was a double-blind, randomised trial in which 309 participants were randomised to receive daily 2.3 or 1.5 g plant sterol supplementation or placebo for 5 weeks. The milk tea was consumed with the two fattiest meals of the day with half the assigned daily dose taken on each occasion. Fasting venous blood samples were collected before commencement and upon completion of randomised treatment. The mean age of study participants was 44 years, 62 % were female and 62 % had a history of hypercholesterolaemia. Baseline mean total cholesterol was 5.5 mmol/l and LDL-cholesterol was 3.2 mmol/l. Compared with placebo, the 2.3 g/d plant sterol dose reduced total cholesterol by 0.25 (95 % Cl 0.07, 0.43) mmol/l (P=0.01) and the 1.5 g/d dose by 0.23 (95 % Cl 0.06, 0.41) mmol/l (P=0.01). For LDL-cholesterol the corresponding reductions were 0.17 (95 % Cl 0.00, 0.35) mmolA (P= 0.06) and 0.15 (95 % Cl - 0.02, 0.32) mmol/l (P= 0.08). For neither outcome was there evidence of differences between the effects of the two doses (both P values >0.4). In conclusion, the consumption of plant sterol-enriched milk tea decreased cholesterol concentrations although to a lesser extent than was anticipated. The reason for reduced efficacy is unclear but may be attributable to the novel food format used or the Chinese population studied.
Effect of fat emulsion (Fabuless) on orocecal transit time in healthy men; Background. Given the growing prevalence of overweight and related health consequences, there is increased interest in the search for novel dietary strategies for weight control. A food ingredient, an emulsion based on palm and oat oil (Fabuless, previously known as Olibra), has been associated with short-term reductions of food intake, induction of satiety, alternation in the satiety hormones, as well as long-term effects on weight control. The mechanism by which it can exert these effects is so far unclear, though it has been suggested that the "ileal break'' may play a role in increasing gastrointestinal transit time. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of this stable fat emulsion on orocecal transit time in healthy men. Material and methods. In a controlled, double-blind, cross-over-designed study, 15 healthy men (aged 20-59 years, body mass index (BMI) 22-28), randomly allocated to two treatments, consumed the stable fat emulsion or a milk fat in yoghurt during two days of investigation, with an interval of 1 week. Orocecal transit time was determined by following blood sulfapyridine levels, which is a metabolite of salazopyrine in the colon. Results. A statistically significant delay in the appearance of sulfapyridine in serum was obtained after active treatment versus control treatment, corresponding to a 45-min longer orocecal transit time due to fat emulsion consumption. Conclusions. This study provides the first evidence to suggest that this stable fat emulsion may affect the ileal brake mechanism by slowing down the gastrointestinal transit time, which might explain the weight control and appetite suppression previously observed in association with this emulsion.
An Open-label Randomized Controlled Trial to Compare Weight Gain of Very Low Birth Weight Babies with or without Addition of Coconut Oil to Breast Milk; Background Nutritional guidelines involving the feeding of very low birth weight babies (VLBW) recommend addition of Human Milk Fortifiers to breast milk. Owing to financial constraints, it is a practice in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) to add coconut oil to aid better weight gain. There are inadequate data on improvement of growth parameters with oral coconut oil supplementation of breast milk.
Energy compensation following consumption of sugar-reduced products: a randomized controlled trial; Consumption of sugar-reformulated products (commercially available foods and beverages that have been reduced in sugar content through reformulation) is a potential strategy for lowering sugar intake at a population level. The impact of sugar-reformulated products on body weight, energy balance (EB) dynamics and cardiovascular disease risk indicators has yet to be established. The REFORMulated foods (REFORM) study examined the impact of an 8-week sugar-reformulated product exchange on body weight, EB dynamics, blood pressure, arterial stiffness, glycemia and lipemia.
Dairy products do not lead to alterations in body weight or fat mass in young women in a 1-y intervention; Background: Previous results suggested that increased intake of dairy calcium is associated with reduced weight and fat mass.
Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled, Comparative Trial of Formula Food Containing Soy Protein vs. Milk Protein in Visceral Fat Obesity - FLAVO Study -; Background: The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of soy at reducing visceral fat. A randomized, double-blind, controlled, comparative trial was carried out to compare formula food containing soy protein (SP) to the same food in which soy was replaced with milk protein (MP).
Association between fat amount of dairy products with pulse wave velocity and carotid intima-media thickness in adults; Background: Examine the relation between consumption of low-fat vs. whole-fat dairy products with the carotid intima-media thickness and pulse wave velocity.
MILK INTAKES OF GENETICALLY-OBESE (OB/OB) AND LEAN MOUSE PUPS DIFFER WITH ENHANCED MILK SUPPLY; Although obese (C57B1/6J, ob/ob) pups have greater avidity for nonnutritive suckling than leans as early as 15 days postpartum (25), previous research has not found differences in milk intake between ob/ob and lean mice during the preweaning period (5, 21, 22). Because ob/ob pups suckle longer than leans, their perseveration should enhance their opportunity to ingest milk if (a) maternal milk supply is not limited and (b) longer sucking durations reflect increased pup willingness to ingest milk. Accordingly, the present study was designed to evaluate the milk intake of ob/ob and lean pups when they had access to an enhanced supply of maternal milk. Intact litters of pups, from heterozygous lean (obl+) parents, were randomly assigned to be tested at either 6, 12, or 18 days. Pups were neither dam- nor milk-deprived before being cross-fostered successively to milk-replete surrogate dams for 60 min each. Obese pups showed a greater percentage body weight gain (the index of milk  intake) than leans did, with younger pups showing larger increments than 18-day-olds. Although early adiposity in ob/ob pups may not rely on increased intake in the single-dam, nest situation, these data emphasize an early predisposition to overeating in this mutant.
Effects of dry period energy intake on insulin resistance, metabolic adaptation, and production responses in transition dairy cows on grass silage-based diets; High energy intake in the dry period has reportedly had adverse effects on mobilization of body reserves, dry matter intake, and productivity of dairy cows. We investigated whether grass silage (GS) fed ad libitum (high energy intake, HEI; 141% of daily metabolizable energy requirements) in an 8-wk dry period affects metabolic adaptation-specifically, peripheral insulin resistance-compared with a total mixed ration consisting of GS, wheat straw, and rapeseed meal (55/40/5%; controlled energy intake, CEI; 108% of metabolizable energy/d) fed ad libitum. Multiparous Ayrshire dairy cows (n = 16) were used in a randomized complete block design until 8 wk after parturition. Commercial concentrates were fed 1 and 2 kg/d during the last 10 to 6 and 5 to 0 d before the expected calving date, respectively. Postpartum, a similar lactation diet with ad libitum access to GS and increasing concentrate allowance (maximum of 16 kg/d) was offered to all. The HEI group gained more body weight and had higher plasma insulin, glucose, and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations than the CEI group prepartum. Postpartal plasma glucose tended to be higher and milk yield was greater from wk 5 onward for HEI compared with CEI cows. An intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) was performed at -13 +/- 5 d and 9 +/- 1 d relative to calving. The HEI cows had greater insulin response to glucose load and smaller area under the response curve for glucose than CEI cows in prepartal IVGTT. Thus, compensatory insulin secretion adapted to changes in insulin sensitivity of the peripheral tissues, preserving glucose tolerance of HEI cows. Higher insulin levels were needed in HEI cows than in CEI cows to elicit a similar decrement of nonesterified fatty acid concentration in prepartal wurr, suggesting reduced inhibition of lipolysis by insulin in HEI cows before parturition. In conclusion, high energy intake of moderately digestible GS with low concentrate feeding in the close-up dry period did not have adverse effects on metabolic adaptation, insulin sensitivity, and body mobilization after parturition. Instead, this feeding regimen was more beneficial to early-lactation performance than GS-based total mixed ration diluted with wheat straw.
A diet high in protein, dairy, and calcium attenuates bone loss over twelve months of weight loss and maintenance relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate diet in adults; Weight loss causes bone mineral loss. Higher protein diets continue to be criticized for further potential harmful bone effects, including elevated urinary calcium, but may promote bone health if protein sources include dairy. Overweight middle-aged subjects (n = 130, 59 males) were randomized to a diet providing 1.4 g(.)kg(-1.)d(-1) protein and 3 daily servings of dairy (PRO) or 0.8 g(.)kg(-1.)d(-1) protein and 2 daily servings of dairy (CARB) for 4 mo of weight loss plus 8 mo of weight maintenance. Diets prescribed 6276 kJ/d for females and 7113 kJ/d for males. Bone mineral content and density (BMD) for whole body (WB), lumbar spine (LS) and total hip (TH) were measured using dual X-ray absorptiometry, and dietary intake using 3-d weighed food records. Urinary calcium was measured using 24-h collection at 0 and 8 mo for a subsample (n = 42). Participants lost body weight (mean, 95% CI) of 8.2% (7.5-8.9%) at 4 mo, 10.6% (9.5-11.8%) at 8 mo, and 10.5% (8.9-12.0%) at 12 mo without differences between groups at any time (P = 0.64). At 12 mo, PRO BMD was higher by 1.6% (0.3-3.0%) at WB, 2.1% (0.6-3.7%) at LS, and 1.4% (0.2-2.5%) at TH compared with CARB. PRO calcium intake was higher (PRO: 1140 +/- 58 mg/d, CARB: 766 +/- 46; P < 0.01), as was urinary calcium (PRO: 163 15 mg/d, CARB: 100 9.2; P < 0.01). A reduced-energy diet supplying 1.4 g(.)kg(-1.)d(-1) protein and 3 dairy servings increased urinary calcium excretion but provided improved calcium intake and attenuated bone loss over 4 mo of weight loss and 8 additional mo of weight maintenance.
Mulberry Leaf Flavonoids Improve Milk Production, Antioxidant, and Metabolic Status of Water Buffaloes; This study was aimed to evaluate the effect of mulberry leaf flavonoids (MLF) on oxidative stress, metabolic hormones, and milk production in Murrah buffaloes. Forty multiparous Murrah buffaloes (4 +/- 1 lactations) with similar body weight (average 600 +/- 50 Kg) and stage of lactation (90 +/- 20 d) were randomly selected for this trial. Four treatment groups (10 buffaloes per group) with different doses of MLF included; control (0 g/d), MLF15 (15 g/d), MLF30 (30 g/d), and MLF45 (45 g/d). Buffaloes were fed with total mix ration consisting of grass (Pennisetum purpureum schum), brewery's grain and concentrate mixture for 5 weeks. Meteorological data including ambient temperature and relative humidity were recorded using the online dust monitoring system to calculate temperature-humidity index (THI). After 1 week of the adaptation, milk yield was recorded daily while physiological parameters (respiratory rate, rectal, and body surface temperature), and milk composition were measured weekly. At the end of the trial, blood samples were collected to analyze serum metabolic hormones including estradiol (E2), growth hormone (GH), prolactin (PRL), Tri-iodothyronine (T3), and Thyroxine (T4). Moreover, serum heat shock proteins (HSP), antioxidants enzymes including malondialdehyde (MDA), total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and blood biochemical indices were also analyzed. Results revealed a decrease (P= 0.012) in serum MDA level while increasing (P< 0.01) the HSP and serum GHS-Px contents in supplemented buffaloes. Treatment showed a linear and quadratic decrease (p= 0.001) in the serum T-AOC while reducing CAT contents linearly (p= 0.012) as compared to the control. However, no effect of treatment on serum SOD content was observed. Treatment resulted a linear increase (p= 0.001) in serum GH and PRL hormones while increasing serum E2 levels linearly (P< 0.001) and quadratically (P= 0.025). Treatment increased (p= 0.038) the daily milk yield as compared to the control. However, increase (P< 0.05) in serum T3 and T4 contents, fat corrected milk (4%) and milk protein (%) was observed only in MLF45. Moreover, we observed no change in serum biochemical indices except insulin which linearly increased (p= 0.002) in MLF45. Our findings indicated that MLF at 45 g per day is an appropriate level to enhance milk performance and alleviate heat stress in buffaloes.
Modelling dairy intake on the development of acute coronary syndromes: the CARDIO2000 study; Background Dairy consumption may be associated with a small but worthwhile reduction in cardiovascular disease risk, but results from epidemiological studies are inconsistent. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association between dairy consumption and the prevalence of a first, non-fatal event of an acute coronary syndrome, in a Greek sample.
Dairy calcium is related to changes in body composition during a two-year exercise intervention in young women; Objective: Relationships between micronutrients and dairy product intake and changes in body weight and composition over two years were investigated.
A diet rich in conjugated linoleic acid and butter increases lipid peroxidation but does not affect atherosclerotic, inflammatory, or diabetic risk markers in healthy young men; Intake of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been demonstrated to beneficially affect risk markers of atherosclerosis and diabetes in rats. CLA is naturally found in milk fat, especially from cows fed a diet high in oleic acid, and increased CLA intake can occur concomitantly with increased milk fat intake. Our objective was to investigate the effect of CLA as part of a diet rich in butter as a source of milk fat on risk markers of atherosclerosis, inflammation, diabetes type 11, and lipid peroxidation. A total of 38 healthy young men were given a diet with 115g/d of CLA-rich fat (5.5 g/d CLA oil, a mixture of 39.4% cis9, trans11 and 38.5% trans10, cis12) or of control fat with a low content of CLA in a 5-wk double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We collected blood and urine before and after the intervention. The fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerol, cholesterol esters, and phospholipids reflected that of the intervention diets. The CLA diet resulted in increased lipid peroxidation measured as an 83% higher 8-iso-prostaglandin F-2 alpha concentration compared with the control, P<0.0001. We observed no other significant differences in the effect of the interventions diets. In conclusion, when given as part of a diet rich in butter, a mixture of CLA isomers increased lipid peroxidation but did not affect risk markers of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, or fasting insulin and glucose concentrations.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> strain Shirota-fermented milk on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic Japanese men: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; An obesity-related prediabetic state is characterised by metabolic abnormalities such as post-glucose load hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia and consequently increases the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) on metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Herein, 100 obese subjects (body mass index >= 25), who had moderate post-load hyperglycaemia (1-hr post-load plasma glucose (PG) levels >= 180 mg/dl during the oral glucose tolerance test), consumed LcS-fermented milk or placebo milk daily for 8 weeks. The post-load PG and fasting blood markers were evaluated. Although post-load PG levels were not significantly different between the groups, 1-hr post-load PG, glycoalbumin, and HbA1c levels decreased at 8 weeks compared with the baseline levels only in the LcS group (p=0.036, p=0.002, and p=0.006, respectively). The reduction in glycoalbumin levels was statistically significantly greater in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.030). Stratified analyses revealed significantly improved 1-hr post-load PG and glycoalbumin levels in the LcS group compared with the placebo group among subjects with severe glucose intolerance (2-hr post-load PG levels higher than the median at baseline; p=0.036 and p=0.034, respectively). In terms of lipidic outcomes, total, low-density lipoprotein, and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than in the placebo group (p=0.023, p=0.022, and p=0.008, respectively). These findings suggest that LcS may favourably affect metabolic abnormalities in obese prediabetic subjects, though the effects on glycaemic control may be limited.
Palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge; Reduced insulin action is a key adaptation that facilitates glucose partitioning to the mammary gland for milk synthesis and enhances adipose tissue lipolysis during early lactation. The progressive recovery of insulin sensitivity as cows advance toward late lactation is accompanied by reductions in circulating nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and milk yield. Because palmitic acid can promote insulin resistance in monogastrics through sphingolipid ceramide-dependent mechanisms, palmitic acid (C16:0) feeding may enhance milk production by restoring homeorhetic responses. We hypothesized that feeding C16:0 to mid-lactation cows would enhance ceramide supply and ceramide would be positively associated with milk yield. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows were randomly assigned to a sorghum silage-based diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration dry matter (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Liver and skeletal muscle tissue were biopsied at d 47 of treatment. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. The plasma and tissue concentrations of ceramide and glycosylated ceramide were determined using liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and milk fat yield. The most abundant plasma and tissue sphingolipids detected were C24:0-ceramide, C24:0-monohexosylceramide (GlcCer), and C16:0-lactosylceramide. Plasma concentrations of total ceramide and GlcCer decreased as lactation advanced, and ceramide and GlcCer were elevated in cows fed PALM. Palmitic acid feeding increased hepatic ceramide levels, a response not observed in skeletal muscle tissue. Plasma ceramides (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) were positively correlated with plasma NEFA and milk yield, and positively correlated with NEFA levels following a glucose challenge. Our data demonstrate a remodeled plasma and hepatic sphingo-lipidome in mid-lactation dairy cows fed PALM. The potential involvement in ceramide in homeorhetic nutrient partitioning to support lactation requires further consideration.
Breast Milk Consumption in Preterm Neonates and Cardiac Shape in Adulthood; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth relates to long-term alterations in cardiac morphology and function. Understanding whether preterm postnatal life is a tractable period of cardiovascular development that can be positively altered by nutrition is relevant to long-term outcomes. We hypothesized that being fed human breast milk during early postnatal life is beneficial to long-term cardiac structure and function in preterm-born individuals compared with infant formulas.
Association of obesity and diabetes with thyroid nodules; There are conflicting data concerning the possibility that obesity and diabetes raise the risk of thyroid nodules. The incidence of thyroid nodules is increasing, as is that of obesity and diabetes; therefore, understanding whether these metabolic and nutritional disorders influence nodular thyroid disease is important for organizing prevention strategies. This study investigated the association between thyroid nodules, obesity, diabetes, and dietary habits.
Stress and Depressive Symptoms Are Not Associated with Overall Diet Quality, But Are Associated with Aspects of Diet Quality in Pregnant Women in South Carolina; Background Poor mental health may hinder diet quality in pregnancy. Objective This study 1) examined whether stress and depressive symptoms are associated with diet quality (via Healthy Eating Index [HEI] 2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups/nutrients that align with HEI-2015 components) and 2) tested race as a moderator in the relationship between mental health and diet quality. Design This was a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from a randomized controlled trial collected January 2015 through January 2019 in Columbia, South Carolina. Trained staff administered demographic and psychosocial questionnaires and conducted anthropometric measures. Participants completed two 24-hour dietary recalls, which were self-administered (one on-site, one at home). Participants The Health in Pregnancy and Postpartum study was a randomized controlled trial targeting excessive gestational weight gain among pregnant women with overweight/obesity (N = 228). Main outcome measures The HEI-2015 total scores and food groups/nutrients that align with HEI-2015 were calculated. Statistical analyses performed Multiple linear regression models were used to estimate the relationship between mental health and HEI-2015 total scores and dietary intake of food groups or nutrients that align with HEI-2015 components. Multiplicative interaction terms of stress or depressive symptoms with race were used to determine moderation. Results Participants' diet quality was suboptimal (M = 52.0 +/- 11.7; range, 27e85). Stress was negatively associated with HEI-2015 total scores (crude but not adjusted model). Stress scores were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and added sugars and negatively associated with total protein foods. Depressive symptoms were positively associated with consumption of dairy, refined grains, and saturated fats. Race was not a moderator. Conclusions Diet quality was poor overall, but stress and depressive symptoms were not associated with HEI-2015 total scores in adjusted models. Excluding dairy, stress and depressive symptoms were associated with the consumption of food groups or nutrients related to worse diet quality. These relationships should be examined longitudinally to help establish causality and inform future interventions. J Acad Nutr Diet. 2021;121(9):1785-1792.
The acute effects of olive oil v. cream on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation in postmenopausal women; The influence of the source of dietary fat on postprandial thermogenesis and substrate oxidation rates, was examined in twelve postmenopausal women aged 57-73 years, with BMI 21.9-38.3 kg/m(2). A single blind, randomised, paired comparison of two high-fat, isoenergetic, mixed test meals was conducted. The major source of fat was either cream (CREAM) or extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). RMR, diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) and substrate oxidation rates over 5 h were measured by indirect calorimetry. There were no differences in body weight, RMR, fasting carbohydrate or fat oxidation rates between the two occasions. DIT (EVOO 97 (SD 46) v. CREAM 76 (SD 69) kJ/5 h and EVOO 5.2 (SD 2.5) v. CREAM 4.1 (SD 3.7)% energy) did not differ between the two test meals. The postprandial increase in carbohydrate oxidation rates, relative to their respective fasting values (ACOX), was significantly lower following the EVOO meal (EVOO 10.6 (SD 8.3) v. CREAM 17.5 (SD 10) g/5 h; paired t test, P= 0.023), while postprandial fat oxidation rates (DeltaFOX) were significantly higher (EVOO 0.0 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM -3.6 (SD 4.0) g/5 h; P=0.028). In the eight obese subjects, however, DIT was significantly higher following the EVOO meal (EVOO 5.1 (SD 2.0) v. CREAM 2.5 (SD 2.9) %; P=0.01). This was accompanied by a significantly lower ACOX (EVOO 10.9 (SD 9.9) V. CREAM 17.3 (SD 10.5) g/5 h; P= 0.03) and significantly higher DeltaFOX (EVOO 0.11 (SD 4.4) v. CREAM - 4.1 (SD 4.5) g/5 h, P= 0.034). The present study showed that olive oil significantly promoted postprandial fat oxidation and stimulated DIT in abdominally obese postmenopausal women.
Long-term study on the effects of different concentrates : roughage ratios in dairy cow feeding on performance and feed intake; The aim of this study was to investigate different intensities in roughage and amount of concentrates in terms of performance parameters such as feed intake and milk yield in order to determine the optimum level under practical conditions. 64 Fleckvieh dairy cows, 1/3 of these were primiparous, were randomly assigned to 4 treatment groups. The experiment was conducted in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. Two energy levels in roughage (6.1 = 6.1 MJ net energy lactation, NEL/kg DM or 6.5 = 6.5 MJ NEL/kg DM) were combined with two concentrate levels (low, N = 150 g/kg energy corrected milk yield, ECM or high, H = 250 g/kg ECM) (6.1N, 6.1H, 6.5N, 6.5H). Documentation of milk yield data, feed intake, body mass, as well as the body condition score (BCS), sonographic determination of back fat thickness (BFT) and milk constituents was performed. The results of this study showed that the energy supply in the group with the lowest energy level (6.1N) was largely insufficient during lactation. With regard to relevant health effects, the exact reasons for this require further investigation. Furthermore, the feeding regime in terms of concentrates amounts and roughage qualities is possible in the investigated range. Higher allocation of concentrates resulted in an increase in feed intake at the expense of roughage feed intake. Increasing contents of concentrated feed led to an increase in milk yield, but no statistical differences were observed between groups with the same roughage quality.
Effects of high-protein diets on fat-free mass and muscle protein synthesis following weight loss: a randomized controlled trial; The purpose of this work was to determine the effects of varying levels of dietary protein on body composition and muscle protein synthesis during energy deficit (ED). A randomized controlled trial of 39 adults assigned the subjects diets providing protein at 0.8 (recommended dietary allowance; RDA), 1.6 (2x-RDA), and 2.4 (3x-RDA) g kg(-1) d(-1) for 31 d. A 10-d weight-maintenance (WM) period was followed by a 21 d, 40% ED. Body composition and postabsorptive and postprandial muscle protein synthesis were assessed during WM (d 9-10) and ED (d 30-31). Volunteers lost (P<0.05) 3.2 +/- 0.2 kg body weight during ED regardless of dietary protein. The proportion of weight loss due to reductions in fat-free mass was lower (P<0.05) and the loss of fat mass was higher (P<0.05) in those receiving 2x-RDA and 3x-RDA compared to RDA. The anabolic muscle response to a protein-rich meal during ED was not different (P>0.05) from WM for 2x-RDA and 3x-RDA, but was lower during ED than WM for those consuming RDA levels of protein (energy x protein interaction, P<0.05). To assess muscle protein metabolic responses to varied protein intakes during ED, RDA served as the study control. In summary, we determined that consuming dietary protein at levels exceeding the RDA may protect fat-free mass during short-term weight loss.Pasiakos, S. M., Cao, J. J., Margolis, L. M., Sauter, E. R., Whigham, L. D., McClung, J. P., Rood, J. C., Carbone, J. W., Combs, G. F., Jr., Young, A. J. Effects of high-protein diets on fat-free mass and muscle protein synthesis following weight loss: a randomized controlled trial.
Altered Dairy Protein Intake Does Not Alter Circulatory Branched Chain Amino Acids in Healthy Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Dairy, as a major component of a high protein diet, is a critical dietary source of branched chain amino acids (BCAA), which are biomarkers of health and diseases. While BCAA are known to be key stimulators of protein synthesis, elevated circulatory BCAA is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study examined the impact of altered dairy intake on plasma BCAA and their potential relationship to insulin sensitivity. Healthy adults (n = 102) were randomized to receive dietary advice to reduce, maintain, or increase habitual dairy intake for 1 month. Food intake was recorded with food frequency questionnaires. Self-reported protein intake from dairy was reported to be reduced (-14.6 +/- 3.0 g/day), maintained (-4.0 +/- 2.0 g/day) or increased (+13.8 +/- 4.1 g/day) according to group allocation. No significant alterations in circulating free amino acids (AA), including BCAA, were measured. Insulin sensitivity, as assessed by homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), was also unaltered. A significant change in dairy protein intake showed no significant effect on fasting circulatory BCAA and insulin sensitivity in healthy populations.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor linagliptin versus sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in overweight patients with type 2 diabetes: A secondary analysis of an 8-week, randomized, controlled, double-blind trial; Aim To determine the glucose-independent effect of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor linagliptin versus the sulphonylurea glimepiride on systemic haemodynamics in the fasting and postprandial state in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Materials and Methods In this prespecified secondary analysis of a phase IV, double-blind trial, 46 metformin-treated, overweight patients with T2D were included and randomly assigned (1:1) to once-daily linagliptin (5 mg) or glimepiride (1 mg) for 8 weeks. In a sub-study involving 26 patients, systemic haemodynamics were also assessed following a standardized liquid meal (Nutridrink Yoghurt style). Systemic haemodynamics (oscillometric device and finger photoplethysmography), arterial stiffness (applanation tonometry) and cardiac sympathovagal balance (heart rate variability [HRV]) were measured in the fasting state and repetitively following the meal. Ewing tests were performed in the fasting state. Results From baseline to week 8, linagliptin compared with glimepiride did not affect systemic haemodynamics, arterial stiffness or HRV in the fasting state. Linagliptin increased parasympathetic nervous activity, as measured by the Valsalva manoeuvre (P= .021) and deep breathing test (P =.027) compared with glimepiride. Postprandially, systolic blood pressure (SBP) dropped an average of 7.6 +/- 1.6 mmHg. Linagliptin reduced this decrease to 0.7 +/- 2.3 mmHg, which was significant to glimepiride (P= .010). Conclusions When compared with glimepiride, linagliptin does not affect fasting blood pressure. However, linagliptin blunted the postprandial drop in SBP, which could benefit patients with postprandial hypotension.
Effect of prepartum grouping strategy on displacements from the feed bunk and feeding behavior of dairy cows; The objective of the current study was to determine whether providing stable pen management affected displacements from the feed bunk and feeding behavior of prepartum dairy cows. Two hundred and twenty-four nonlactating Jersey primiparous and multiparous cows were enrolled in the study. The 2 treatments were all-in-all-out (AIAO; 44 cows were moved into the close-up prepartum pen, as 1 group, with no additions during the 5-wk repetition) or traditional (TRD; with weekly entrance of new cows to maintain a pen density of 44 cows). Cows (253 +/- 3 d of gestation) were balanced for parity and projected 305-d mature-equivalent milk yield and assigned randomly to either AIAO or TRD treatments. At enrollment, cows with a body condition score <2 or >4 (1-5 scale; 1 = emaciated and 5 = obese) or with a locomotion score >3 (1-5 scale; 1 = normal gait and 5 = severely lame) were not included. Displacements from the feed bunk were measured weekly for both treatments when TRD cows were moved into the close-up pen (d 0) and additionally on d 1, 2, 3, and 7 for 3 h after fresh feed delivery. A displacement rate was created to take into account differences in stocking density throughout the experiment. Displacement rate was calculated as the number of displacements divided by the number of cows in the pen at that time. Feeding behavior was measured using video 10-min scan sampling for 24-h periods at d 0, 1, 2, and 7. Displacements and feeding behavior were recorded for all 5 wk of each repetition. Treatment x week interactions were detected for number of displacements and displacement rate. The TRD treatment had more displacements from the feed bunk than AIAO in wk 1, 3, and 5, with no differences in wk 2 and 4. Similarly, the TRD treatment had a greater displacement rate than the AIAO treatment in wk 1 and 5, with a tendency in wk 3. No differences between the treatments were detected in wk 2 and 4. A treatment x week interaction existed for feeding time. Cows housed in the AIAO treatment had longer average feeding times in wk 2 with a tendency in wk 3, but spent 39 fewer minutes eating than those in the TRD treatment during the wk 1 of the study. Housing prepartum close-up cows with stable pen management reduced displacements from the feed bunk and altered average daily feeding times.
Effects of dairy intake on body weight and fat: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Some intervention studies have suggested that dairy products may influence body weight, but the results remain controversial.
Consumption of Dairy Products in Relation to Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese People: The Henan Rural Cohort Study and an Updated Meta-Analysis; Recent studies on whether dairy consumption is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have yielded inconsistent results, so we explored the relationship between dairy consumption and T2DM through a large-sample, cross-sectional study and a meta-analysis. In the meta-analysis, summary relative risks (RRs) of 23 articles were compiled with a random effects model, and a restricted cubic spline regression model was used to explore whether there is a nonlinear relationship between dairy intake and T2DM risk. This cross-sectional study used baseline data from 38,735 participants of the Henan Rural Cohort study and the association between dairy consumption and T2DM was analyzed by a logistic regression model. The meta-analysis revealed a borderline negative significant association between total dairy intake and risk of T2DM, the RR and 95% confidence interval (CI) was 0.94; (0.89, 1.00), and the risk was lowest at 270 g daily dairy intake. In the cross-sectional study, there were 3654 T2DM patients and 68.3 percent of the respondents had no dairy intake. The average intake of dairy in the total population was 12 g per day. Fully adjusted analyses suggested positive associations, with an odds ratio (OR) comparing the highest with the zero intake of 1.34 (95% CI: 1.22, 1.48) for all participants, which was unaffected by sex. Dairy intake in rural areas of Henan province is low, and we found, in the context of overall low dairy intake, that a high intake was positively associated with T2DM, which is inconsistent with the meta-analysis results suggesting that dairy has marginal protective effects against T2DM.
Maternal diet-induced obesity during suckling period programs offspring obese phenotype and hypothalamic leptin/insulin resistance; During the early post-natal period, offspring are vulnerable to environmental insults, such as nutritional and hormonal changes, which increase risk to develop metabolic diseases later in life. Our aim was to understand whether maternal obesity during lactation programs offspring to metabolic syndrome and obese phenotype, in addition we aimed to assess the peripheral glucose metabolism and hypothalamic leptin/insulin signaling pathways. At delivery, female Wistar rats were randomly divided in two groups: Control group (CO), mothers fed a standard rodent chow (Nuvilab); and Diet-induced obesity group (DIO), mothers who had free access to a diet performed with 33% ground standard rodent chow, 33% sweetened condensed milk (Nestle), 7% sucrose and 27% water. Maternal treatment was performed throughout suckling period. All offspring received standard rodent chow from weaning until 91-day-old. DIO dams presented increased total body fat and insulin resistance. Consequently, the breast milk from obese dams had altered composition. At 91-day-old, DIO offspring had overweight, hyperphagia and higher adiposity. Furthermore, DIO animals had hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance, they also showed pancreatic islet hypertrophy and increased pancreatic beta-cell proliferation. Finally, DIO offspring showed low ObRb, JAK2, STAT-3, IR beta, PI3K and Akt levels, suggesting leptin and insulin hypothalamic resistance, associated with increased of hypothalamic NPY level and decreased of POMC. Maternal obesity during lactation malprograms rat offspring to develop obesity that is associated with impairment of melanocortin system. Indeed, rat offspring displayed glucose dyshomeostasis and both peripheral and central insulin resistance. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
2-1-2 Stroke microsurgical thrombectomy technique as a tertiary/salvage treatment option; BACKGROUND: Microsurgical thrombectomy (MST) has been used for many years in few stroke cases without any prospective randomized study, nor detailed systemized technique description. As many centers worldwide are recruited for stroke thrombectomy availability, MST might increase in the near future either as a tertiary or salvage treatment option. A straightforward surgical plan is mandatory empowering a safe, efficient, and rapid neurosurgical operation, so our aim is to describe the 2-1-2 microsurgical technique. METHODS: Three patients presented at emergency department with large stroke not suitable to venous thrombolysis and/or mechanical thrombectomy due to late arrival time and endovascular suite technical problems. They were referred to 2-1-2 MST after imaging showed brain col laterals on head angio-CT scan and ASPECTS greater than 6 points. The procedure comprised 2 insulin needle punctures in the target artery, 1mm micro-scissor transverse arteriotomy, milk thrombus removal and 2 simple sutures micro stitches. Sixty days clinical follow-up and brain imaging control provided data results. RESULTS: All patients treated with 2-1-2 MST technique had complete thrombus removal by precise surgical maneuvers avoiding surgeons unplanned and insecure movements to reduced operation time. Head angio-CT scan evidenced complete cerebrovascular circulation re-flow with clinical improvements in 60 days follow-up without complications or hospital readmissions. CONCLUSIONS: 2-1-2 MST technique can be rapidly and efficaciously performed in a systemized manner offering a tertiary or salvage technique for acute stroke treatment. Specific microsurgical training is mandatory to accomplish this treatment and larger studies are necessary to confirm our hypothesis.
Lipolysis inhibition as a treatment of clinical ketosis in dairy cows: Effects on adipose tissue metabolic and immune responses; Dairy cows with clinical ketosis (CK) exhibit excessive adipose tissue (AT) lipolysis and systemic inflammation. Lipolysis in cows can be induced by the canonical (hormonally induced) and inflammatory lipolytic pathways. Currently, the most common treatment for CK is oral propylene glycol (PG); however, PG does not reduce lipolysis or inflammation. Niacin (NIA) can reduce the activation of canonical lipolysis, whereas cyclooxygenase inhibitors such as flunixin meglumine (FM) can limit inflammation and inhibit the inflammatory lipolytic pathway. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of including NIA and FM in the standard PG treatment for postpartum CK on AT function. Multiparous Jersey cows (n = 18; 7.1 +/- 3.8 DIM) were selected from a commercial dairy. Inclusion criteria were CK symptoms (lethargy, depressed appetite, and drop in milk yield) and high blood levels of BHB (>= 1.2 mmol/L). Cows with CK were randomly assigned to one of 3 treatments: (1) PG: 310 g administered orally once per day for 5 d, (2) PG+NIA: 24 g administered orally once per day for 3 d, and (3) PG+NIA+FM: 1.1 mg/kg administered IV once per day for 3 d. Healthy control cows (HC; n = 6) matched by lactation and DIM (+/- 2 d) were sampled. Subcutaneous AT explants were collected at d 0 and d 7 relative to enrollment. To assess AT insulin sensitivity, explants were treated with insulin (1 mu L/L) during lipolysis stimulation with a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist (isoproterenol, 1 mu M). Lipolysis was quantified by glycerol release in the media. Lipid mobilization and inflammatory gene networks were evaluated using quantitative PCR. Protein biomarkers of lipolysis, insulin signaling, and AT inflammation, including hormone -sensitive lipase, protein kinase B (Akt), and ERK1/2, were quantified by capillary immunoassays. Flow cytometry of AT cellular components was used to characterize macrophage inflammatory phenotypes. Statistical significance was determined by a nonparametric t -test when 2 groups (HC vs. CK) were analyzed and an ANOVA test with Tukey adjustment when 3 treatment groups (PG vs. PG+NIA vs. PG+NIA+FM) were evaluated. At d 0, AT from CK cows showed higher mRNA expression of lipolytic enzymes ABHD5 , LIPE , and LPL , as well as increased phosphorylation of hormone -sensitive lipase compared with HC. At d 0, insulin reduced lipolysis by 41% +/- 8% in AT from HC, but CK cows were unresponsive (-2.9 +/- 4%). Adipose tissue from CK cows exhibited reduced Akt phosphorylation compared with HC. Cows with CK had increased AT expression of inflammatory gene markers, including CCL2 , IL8 , IL10 , TLR4 , and TNF, along with ERK1/2 phosphorylation. Adipose tissue from CK cows showed increased macrophage infiltration compared with HC. By d 7, AT from PG+NIA+FM cows had a more robust response to insulin, as evidenced by reduced glycerol release (36.5% +/- 8% compared with PG at 26.9% +/- 7% and PG+NIA at 7.4% +/- 8%) and enhanced phosphorylation of Akt. By d 7, PG+NIA+FM cows presented lower inflammatory markers, including ERK1/2 phosphorylation, and reduced macrophage infiltration, compared with PG and PG+NIA. These data suggest that including NIA and FM in CK treatment improves AT insulin sensitivity and reduces AT inflammation and macrophage infiltration.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on glucose tolerance in transition dairy cows; Overfeeding energy in the dry period can affect glucose metabolism and the energy balance of transition dairy cows with potential detrimental effects on the ability to successfully adapt to early lactation. The objectives of this study were to investigate the effect of different dry cow feeding strategies on glucose tolerance and on resting concentrations of blood glucose, glucagon, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) in the peripartum period. Cows entering second or greater lactation were enrolled at dry-off (57 d before expected parturition) into 1 of 3 treatment groups following a randomized block design: cows that received a total mixed ration (TMR) formulated to meet but not exceed energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, controlled energy); cows that received a TMR supplying approximately 150% of energy requirements during the dry period (n = 28, high energy); and cows that were fed the same diet as the controlled energy group for the first 28 d, after which the TMR was formulated to supply approximately 125% of energy requirements until calving (n = 28, intermediate energy). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) with rapid administration of 0.25 g of glucose/kg of body weight were performed 28 and 10 d before expected parturition, as well as at 4 and 21 d after calving. Area under the curve for insulin and glucose, maximal concentration and time to half-maximal concentration of insulin and glucose, and clearance rates were calculated. Insulin resistance (IR) indices were calculated from baseline samples obtained during IVGTT and Spearman rank correlations determined between IVGTT parameters and IR indices. Treatment did not affect IVGTT parameters at any of the 4 time points. Correlation between IR indices and IVGTT parameters was generally poor. Overfeeding cows energy in excess of predicted requirements by approximately 50% during the entire dry period resulted in decreased postpartum basal plasma glucose and insulin, as well as increased glucagon, BHB, and NEFA concentrations after calving compared with cows fed a controlled energy diet during the dry period. In conclusion, overfeeding energy during the entire dry period or close-up period alone did not affect glucose tolerance as assessed by IVGTT but energy uptake during the dry period was associated with changes in peripartal resting concentrations of glucose, as well as postpartum insulin, glucagon, NEFA, and BHB concentrations.
Dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: Mendelian randomization study; OBJECTIVE To examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal.
PREVENTION OF BOVINE KETOSIS WITH GLUCOGENIC SUBSTANCE AND ITS EFFECT ON FERTILITY IN FINNISH DAIRY-COWS; To avoid a harmful peak of negative energy balance, 200 ml of a 50% propylene glycol and 1% nicotinic amide solution were given twice a day to dairy cattle for ten days starting at day 14 post partum (p.p.). Acetone content in milk was used as an indicator of energy balance and fertility was used as an indicator of the efficiency of the treatment. In addition, other factors affecting fertility were evaluated.
Impact of Buckwheat Fermented Milk Combined with High-Fat Diet on Rats' Gut Microbiota and Short-Chain Fatty Acids; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of buckwheat fermented milk on intestinal flora and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) of rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD). Buckwheat fermented milk was made with Lactobacillus plantarum ST-, Lactobacillus bulgaricus, and Streptococcus thermophilus. Thirty-six males C57BL/6 rats (aged 3 weeks and with 9 to 12 g weight) were subjected to a 2-week adaptive period on a normal diet. After a week of acclimatization, the rats were randomly divided into three groups with 12 rats in each group. The high-fat diet with fermented milk (HFDFM) group received HFD supplemented with fermented milk, and the high-fat diet supplemented with buckwheat fermented milk (HFDBFM) group received HFD plus buckwheat fermented milk. Besides, the gavage dose was 0.4 mL/day. After the feedings, colon levels of cytokines and antioxidant indices of the liver, colon, and duodenum tissues were measured. The composition of intestinal flora of rats and the content of SCFAs were determined by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and Illumina high-throughput sequencing technology. Supplementation with buckwheat fermented milk significantly inhibited the increases in lipopolysaccharide levels in colon and antioxidant indexes in the HFD-fed rats. In addition, buckwheat fermented milk could significantly enhance Firmicutes and decrease Bacteroidetes compared to HFDFM. In addition, SCFA concentrations in HFDBFM were higher than other groups. In conclusion, buckwheat fermented milk can alleviate the damage of HFD to intestinal flora of rats. It modulates microbiota composition and SCFA concentrations to balance the intestinal environment, which will benefit to rats' intestinal health. Practical Application This study explored the effect of buckwheat fermented milk on the regulation of intestinal microflora and SCFAs in rats fed a high-fat diet. It provides new ideas for the development of buckwheat fermented food.
Yogurt and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Critical Review of Potential Mechanisms; Associations between yogurt intake and risk of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have been the subject of recent research in epidemiologic nutrition. A healthy dietary pattern has been identified as a pillar for the prevention of weight gain and CMDs. Epidemiologic studies suggest that yogurt consumption is linked to healthy dietary patterns, lifestyles, and reduced risk of CMDs, particularly type 2 diabetes. However, to our knowledge, few to no randomized controlled trials have investigated yogurt intake in relation to cardiometabolic clinical outcomes. Furthermore, there has been little attempt to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the potential beneficial effects of yogurt consumption on CMDs. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense dairy food and has been suggested to reduce weight gain and prevent CMDs by contributing to intakes of protein, calcium, bioactive lipids, and several other micronutrients. In addition, fermentation with bacterial strains generates bioactive peptides, resulting in a potentially greater beneficial effect of yogurt on metabolic health than nonfermented dairy products such as milk. To date, there is little concrete evidence that the mechanisms proposed in observational studies to explain positive results of yogurt on CMDs or parameters are valid. Many proposed mechanisms are based on assumptions that commercial yogurts contain strain-specific probiotics, that viable yogurt cultures are present in adequate quantities, and that yogurt provides a minimum threshold dose of nutrients or bioactive components capable of exerting a physiologic effect. Therefore, the primary objective of this review is to investigate the plausibility of potential mechanisms commonly cited in the literature in order to shed light on the inverse associations reported between yogurt intake and various cardiometabolic health parameters that are related to its nutrient profile, bacterial constituents, and food matrix. This article reviews current gaps and challenges in identifying such mechanisms and provides a perspective on the research agenda to validate the proposed role of yogurt in protecting against CMDs.
Estimation and Prediction of Avoidable Health Care Costs of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Through Adequate Dairy Food Consumption: A Systematic Review and Micro Simulation Modeling Study; Background: Recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of CVD and T2D through adequate dairy foods consumption in Iran.
Effect of randomization of mixtures of butter oil and vegetable oil on absorption and lipid metabolism in rats; Background The nutritional effect of the regiospecific distribution of fatty acids in edible fats is currently discussed due to an increased use of interesterification of fats for human consumption. However, disagreeing results have been reported which may be due to the varying composition of the dietary fats compared. Data on the fate of such lipids beyond the bloodstream is rather scarce and animal model studies are needed. Aim of the study To compare the metabolism of butter oil and mixtures of butter and rapeseed oil, native or randomized, in a model. The regiospecific fatty acid distribution present in dietary fats was followed through absorption, chylomicron formation, and deposition in adipose tissue and in different liver lipids (triacylglycerols, phospholipids, and cholesterol esters). Methods Rats were fed for 6 weeks from weaning either butter oil (BO), a butteroil-rapeseed oil mixture 65:35 w/w (BR) or a randomized mixture of BR (tBR). Half of the animals were used for organ analysis, the rest for a postprandial study with the same fats and isolation of chylomicrons. The regiospecific distribution of the fatty acids present in the dietary fats was followed during metabolism by analyses of chylomicrons, depot fat and liver lipids, using regiospecific cleavage followed by TLC separation and quantification by GC. Results Randomization of edible fat mixtures leading to equal distribution of fatty acids between TG positions is directly reflected in the composition of chylomicrons. During clearing by lipoprotein lipase this positional distribution is abolished and the regiospecific composition of triacylglycerols in adipose tissue is completely identical for BR and tBR. Chylomicron remnants, which are taken up by the liver, are correspondingly fully degraded to free fatty acids by hepatic lipase, and distribution of fatty acids in liver triacylglycerols, phospholipids and cholesterol esters are identical for the groups fed either BR or tBR. The group fed BO with a low content of linoleic acid is on the borderline of essential fatty acid-deficiency. Conclusion Randomization (interesterification) of butter oil with rapeseed oil (65:35 w/w) for use as edible fat did not have any impact on the fatty acid composition beyond the chylomicron step when compared to the native mixture.
High-Protein Diet Containing Dairy Products is Associated with Low Body Mass Index and Glucose Concentrations: A Cross-Sectional Study; The aim was to evaluate whether the ingestion of a high protein diet containing dairy protein is associated with anthropometric indicators of adiposity and blood glucose. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with volunteers of 20-89 years of age who performed leisure physical activity. We assessed dietary intake, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), triceps skinfold thickness (TSFT), random blood glucose as well as sociodemographic and behavioral variables. Results: A total of 418 individuals were evaluated. The consumption of a high-protein diet (1.80 +/- 0.49 g/kg/day) was found in 37.8% of individuals, which showed lower BMI, WC, TSFT and blood glucose concentrations compared to those with a low-protein diet (0.56 +/- 0.18 g/kg/day). Dairy products consumption was inversely associated with BMI when adjusted for sex and age (odds ratio (OR): 0.79, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68-0.93, p = 0.004) and by sex, age, fiber and energy (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.67-0.92; p = 0.004), and with blood glucose when adjusted for sex and age (OR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.74-0.99; p = 0.042). Cheese consumption was inversely associated with blood glucose when adjusted for sex and age (OR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.55-0.96, p = 0.023) and by sex, age, calories and fibers (OR: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.56-0.98, p = 0.036). Two portions of cheeses/day reduced the risk of having high blood glucose levels by approximately 80%. Conclusion: A high-protein diet containing dairy food, in particular two servings of cheese, was associated with low BMI and random glucose concentration.
Mediterranean diet and stroke:: Objectives and design of the SUN project; Purpose: The Mediterranean diet has been postulated as a protective factor against different diseases including stroke. Thus, an epidemiological study in a Mediterranean country, such as Spain, focused on diet may offer new insights of the potential benefits of this nutritional pattern to prevent the onset of cerebrovascular diseases.
EFFECT OF RAW CAMEL MILK IN TYPE 2 DIABETES ANIMAL MODELS AND PATIENTS: TEN MONTHS RANDOMISED STUDY; The efficacy of camel milk consumption as an adjunct to routine diabetes management in maintaining long-term glycaemia control in type 2 diabetes was assessed by 32 type 2 diabetes animal models and 12 patients. Thirty-two obese diabetic rats were divided into 4 groups according to method of random digits table. After 14 weeks treatment, it was observed that no significant variance compared Rosiglitazone Maleate group, Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group and camel milk group with normal group. In blood glucose, blood triglycerides, blood total cholesterol, and plasma insulin there were a statistically significant change compared with diabetes group. Rosiglitazone Maleate group and Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group showed significant variance in blood triglycerides (0.68+/-0.19 vs. 0.51+/-0.11 p<0.05), plasma insulin (43.52+/-18.93 vs. 26.49+/-5.60 p<0.05). Rosiglitazone Maleate+calnel milk group was more similar to normal group. Rosiglitazone Maleate+camel milk group had better treatment of type 2 diabetes animal models than Rosiglitazone Maleate group.
Preliminary evidence that lectins in infant soy formula apparently bind bovine milk exosomes and prevent their absorption in healthy adults; Background: Milk exosomes and their microRNA (miR) cargos are bioavailable. The content of exosomes and miRs is negligible in infant formulas compared to human milk, and dietary depletion of exosomes led to changes in bacterial communities and impaired gut health in juvenile mice. Adverse effects of formula feeding may be compounded by using soy formulas due to exosome binding by abundant lectins in that matrix. The purpose of this study was to assess the bioavailability of milk exosomes and their miR cargos added to soy formula in adults, as well as the potential role of soy lectins in exosome bioavailability.
Effects of butter high in ruminant <i>trans</i> and monounsaturated fatty acids on lipoproteins, incorporation of fatty acids into lipid classes, plasma C-reactive protein, oxidative stress, hemostatic variables, and insulin in healthy young men; Background: Evidence suggests that ruminant trans fatty acids (FAs), such as vaccenic acid, do not increase the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). However, the effects of ruminant trans FAs on risk markers of IHD have been poorly investigated.
Bovine haptoglobin as an adipokine: Serum concentrations and tissue expression in dairy cows receiving a conjugated linoleic acids supplement throughout lactation; The present study aimed to characterize serum haptoglobin (Hp) concentrations throughout an entire lactation period in both primi- and multiparous cows and to compare them to the Hp mRNA expression in liver and - in view of Hp being potentially an adipokine - also in different subcutaneous (s.c.) and visceral fat depots. In addition, potential anti-inflammatory effects of long-term supplementation with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) were evaluated by assessing Hp. Trial 1 comprised 33 cows and 16 Holstein heifers from day 21 ante partum until day 252 postpartum. The animals received 100 or 50 g/day CLA or a control fat supplement. Blood samples and biopsy (tail head fat and liver) samples were collected. Trial 2 included 25 Holstein heifers, 5 animals were slaughtered on the day of parturition, the remaining animals were allocated to either CLA (100 g/day, n = 10) or control fat supplement (n = 10) and slaughtered on days 42 and 105 postpartum, respectively. At slaughter, fat samples were collected from 3 different visceral depots, 3 s.c. depots and from liver tissue. Results indicated no effects of CLA on serum Hp and liver Hp mRNA for both trials and on Hp mRNA in biopsies from s.c. tail head fat. In omental and s.c. withers fat from trial 2. CIA reduced Hp mRNA on both day 42 and day 105. Hp mRNA was detectable in fat tissues from both trials with abundance values being significantly lower than in liver. The Hp mRNA abundance in the s.c. fat depots was generally higher than in the visceral depots. Haptoglobin mRNA abundance in the different tissues from trial 2 was correlated whereby all s.c. depots were interrelated. The evidence of Hp mRNA expression in adipose tissues and the presence of Hp-immune staining in histological fat sections confirm that Hp can be classified as a bovine adipokine. The lack of an evident relationship between circulating Hp concentrations and normal body fat portions in dairy cattle demonstrates that varying degrees of adiposity are not confounding factors when using Hp as inflammatory marker. The physiological changes in serum Hp concentration seem to be limited to parity and parturition. In view of the lack of effects of CIA on serum Hp concentrations, the observed reaction in two out of six different fat depots seems of marginal importance for the organisms as an entity. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
α-Tocopherol in breast milk of women with preterm delivery after a single postpartum oral dose of vitamin E; We evaluated the effect of maternal vitamin E supplementation on the alpha-tocopherol concentrations of colostrum, transitional milk and mature milk of women who had given birth prematurely. This longitudinal randomised-controlled trial divided eighty-nine women into two groups: a control group and a supplemented group. Blood and breast milk were collected from all the participants after delivery. Next, each woman in the supplemented group received 400 IU of RRR-alpha-tocopheryl acetate. Further breast milk samples were collected 24 h after the first collection, as well as 7 and 30 d after delivery. alpha-Tocopherol concentrations were determined by HPLC. The baseline alpha-tocopherol concentrations in the maternal serum of the two groups were similar: 1159.8 (SD 292.4) mu g/dl (27.0 (SD 6.8) mu mol/l) for the control group and 1128.3 (SD 407.2) mu g/dl (26.2 (SD 9.5) mu mol/l) for the supplemented group. None of the women was vitamin E deficient. Breast milk alpha-tocopherol concentrations increased by 60% 24 h after supplementation in the intervention group and did not increase at all in the control group. alpha-Tocopherol concentration of the transitional milk in the supplemented group was 35% higher compared with the control group. alpha-Tocopherol concentrations of the mature milk in both groups were similar. Maternal supplementation with 400 IU of RRR-alpha-tocopherol increased the vitamin E concentrations of the colostrum and transitional milk, but not of the mature milk. This study presents relevant information for the design of strategies to prevent and combat vitamin E deficiency in the risk group of preterm infants.
Effects of recombinant bovine interleukin-8 (rblL-8) treatment on health, metabolism, and lactation performance in Holstein cattle II: Postpartum uterine health, ketosis, and milk production; To evaluate the effect of recombinant bovine interleukiri-8 (rbIL-8) on uterine health and milk production, 2 separate studies were conducted. For study 1, postpartum Holstein cows (n = 213) were randomly allocated into 1 of 3 intrauterine treatment groups: control (CTR, 250 rnL of saline solution), low dose (L-IL8, 11.25 mu g of rbIL-8 diluted in 250 mL of saline solution), and high dose (II-IL8, 1,125 mu g of rbIL-8 diluted in 250 mL of saline solution). Intrauterine delivery of treatments was performed within 12 h of parturition. Cows were evaluated for retained fetal membranes, puerperal metritis, and clinical endometritis. Blood samples were collected immediately before treatment and 1, 2, and 3 d in milk for assessment of IL-8, haptoglobin, fatty acids, and beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations. Treatment with rbIL-8 reduced the incidence of puerperal metritis in multiparous cows (CTR = 34.3, L-IL8 = 8.11, and H-IL8 = 6.35%). Both the L-IL8 and H-IL8 groups produced significantly more milk, fat-corrected milk, and energy-corrected milk yields when compared with placebo-treated controls. A second study was performed to confirm the effect of rbIL-8 on milk production. In study 2, 164 primiparous cows were randomly allocated into 1 of 4 treatment groups: control (CTR, 250 mL of saline solution), low dose (L-IL8, 0.14 mu g of rbIL-8), medium dose (M-IL8, 14 mu g of rbIL-8), and high dose (H-IL8, 1,400 mu g of rbIL-8). Treatments were prepared and administered as described for study 1. Cows in the L-IL8, M-IL8, and H-IL8 groups produced significantly more milk, fat-corrected milk, arid energy-corrected milk yields when compared with control cows. In conclusion, treatment with rbIL-8 decreased the incidence of puerperal metritis in multiparous cows. The administration of rbIL-8 was repeatedly associated with a dramatic and long-lasting improvement of lactation performance.
A double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that breast milk derived<i> Lactobacillus</i> <i>gasseri </i>BNR17 mitigated diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome; The exact pathogenesis of diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is not known, but the abnormal microbiota of the gastrointestinal tract is considered to be one of the important contributing factors as in other gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, and colorectal cancer as well as systemic diseases. Though diverse trials of probiotics had been continued in the treatment of diarrhea-IBS, only a few proved by randomized clinical trial. To prove the efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 isolated from breast milk in patients with diarrhea-IBS, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial was done including health related-quality of life analysis, colon transit time, and the changes of fecal micro-biota. BNR17 significantly improved the symptoms of diarrhea compared to control group. Health related-QOL analysis showed significant improvement of abdominal pain, distension, disturbed daily life, and mean defecation frequency with BNR17. On comparative CTT before and after BNR17, 6 out of 24 subjects showed significant correction of rapid colon transit pattern, while only 2 out of 24 in placebo (p < 0.01). Upon fecal microbiota analysis, BNR17 significantly increased B. fecalis, E. rectale, C. aerofaciens, F. prausnitzil and B. steroris. Conclusively, Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 can be a potential probiotics to ameliorate diarrhea-IBS.
Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation and both alter the gut microbiota of healthy, young men; Probiotic yogurt and milk supplemented with probiotics have been investigated for their role in 'low-grade' inflammation but evidence for their efficacy is inconclusive. This study explores the impact of probiotic yogurt on metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers, with a parallel study of gut microbiota dynamics. The randomised cross-over study was conducted in fourteen healthy, young men to test probiotic yogurt compared with milk acidified with 2% D-(+)-glucono-delta-lactone during a 2-week intervention ( 400 g/d). Fasting assessments, a high-fat meal test ( HFM) and microbiota analyses were used to assess the intervention effects. Baseline assessments for the HFM were carried out after a runin during which normal milk was provided. No significant differences in the inflammatory response to the HFM were observed after probiotic yogurt compared with acidified milk intake; however, both products were associated with significant reductions in the inflammatory response to the HFM compared with the baseline tests ( assessed by IL6, TNF alpha and chemokine ligand 5) ( P < 0 001). These observations were accompanied by significant changes in microbiota taxa, including decreased abundance of Bilophila wadsworthia after acidified milk ( log 2-fold-change ( FC) =- 1.5, P-adj= 0.05) and probiotic yogurt intake ( FC =- 1.3, P-adj= 0.03), increased abundance of Bifidobacterium species after acidified milk intake ( FC= 1.4, P-adj= 0.04) and detection of Lactobacillus delbrueckii spp. bulgaricus ( FC= 7.0, P-adj< 0.01) and Streptococcus salivarius spp. thermophilus ( FC= 6.0, P-adj< 0.01) after probiotic yogurt intake. Probiotic yogurt and acidified milk similarly reduce postprandial inflammation that is associated with a HFM while inducing distinct changes in the gut microbiota of healthy men. These observations could be relevant for dietary treatments that target 'low-grade' inflammation.
Saturated Fat Consumption and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease and Ischemic Stroke: A Science Update; At a workshop to update the science linking saturated fatty acid (SAFA) consumption with the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and ischemic stroke, invited participants presented data on the consumption and bioavailability of SAFA and their functions in the body and food technology. Epidemiological methods and outcomes were related to the association between SAFA consumption and disease events and mortality. Participants reviewed the effects of SAFA on CHD, causal risk factors, and surrogate risk markers. Higher intakes of SAFA were not associated with higher risks of CHD or stroke apparently, but studies did not take macronutrient replacement into account. Replacing SAFA by cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids was associated with significant CHD risk reduction, which was confirmed by randomized controlled trials. SAFA reduction had little direct effect on stroke risk. Cohort studies suggest that the food matrix and source of SAFA have important health effects. (C) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
A flexible, low-glycemic index Mexican-style diet in overweight and obese subjects with type 2 diabetes improves metabolic parameters during a 6-week treatment period; OBJECTIVE - The aim of this study was to compare the effects of a flexible lower- and higher-glycemic index (GI) Mexican-style diet on biochemical data and BMI during a 6-week treatment period.
Effects of two different feeding strategies during dry-off on metabolism in high-yielding dairy cows; The objectives of this study were to investigate different feeding strategies of high-yielding dairy cows during dry-off. With a 12- to 13-mo calving interval and increasing milk yield, metabolic and health problems during the dry-off period will increase. Twenty-two dairy primiparous and multiparous cows were randomly assigned to 2 feeding treatments. One group was fed straw ad libitum (straw), and the other group was fed silage (4 kg/d of dry matter) daily and straw ad libitum (silage). At the dry-off point (d 0), the cows had an average milk yield of 17.1 +/- 0.8 kg/d. All cows were milked in the morning on d 3 and 5 during the dry-off period. Rumen fluid was analyzed for volatile fatty acids (VFA), pH, NH3-N, and protozoa were counted from samples collected at d -3, 4, and 17. Total VFA concentration decreased at dry-off in both treatments and the drop was most pronounced among cows fed straw. Rumen pH increased significantly in both groups, and cows fed straw had significantly higher pH during dry-off. Ammonia N in rumen decreased significantly at dry-off and there was a tendency to lowered NH3-N in cows fed straw at dry-off. The plasma concentration of nonesterified fatty acids was markedly elevated during the dry-off period among cows in the straw treatment group, but was less pronounced among the cows fed silage with straw. The glucose level in plasma was not significantly affected during the dry-off period, and the insulin concentration was markedly reduced in both treatment groups. Plasma leptin concentration was lower in the lactating state than in the dry period. Both the beta-hydroxybutyrate and urea concentrations in plasma were significantly reduced during dry-off. Our results indicate that dry-off markedly affected the metabolism in the blood and in the rumen of the cows, and that the cows offered only straw during the dry-off were most affected.
Evaluation of supplemental fat sources and pre-farrow essential fatty acid intake on lactating sow performance and essential fatty acid composition of colostrum, milk, and adipose tissue; Providing lactation diets with added fat sources that provide high essential fatty acids to sows shortly prior to farrowing alters the composition of fatty acids in colostrum, milk, and body fat stores.
Effect of Soybean Oil and Fish Oil on Lipid-Related Transcripts in Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue of Dairy Cows; Simple Summary The objective of this study was to determine the effects of degree of unsaturation of dietary lipids on lipid-related metabolites and transcription of genes involved in lipid metabolism in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) of mid-lactating dairy cows. The objective was achieved by supplementing dairy cows with soybean oil (high in linoleic acid) or fish oil (high in polyunsaturated fatty acids) for 63 days (nine weeks). Results revealed effects of oil supplement on lipid metabolism but a mild effect on the transcriptome of the adipose tissue. Compared to soybean oil, fish oil had a higher lipogenic effect in SAT.
Effect of body fatness and glucogenic supplement on lipid and protein mobilization and plasma leptin in dairy cows; Twenty-four multiparous Ayrshire cows were used in an experiment to test the effect of body fatness and glucogenic supplement, fed during the transition period, on lipid and protein mobilization and plasma hormone concentrations. Eight weeks before their expected calving date, the cows were divided into blocks of 4. Two cows with the highest body condition score within each block were then allocated to a test (T) group and the other 2 cows to a control (C) group. To scale up the differences between fatter and thinner cows, the estimated energy allowance was 40% higher in group T than in group C between d 56 and 21 preparturn. For the final 3 wk before calving, all the cows were fed according to energy recommendations for pregnant cows. Within C and T groups and blocks, cows were randomly assigned into groups with (Gl) or without (GO) glucogenic supplement. Division to GO and G1 groups was made 2 wk before the expected calving and continued for 56 d postpartum. After calving, all the cows received grass silage ad libitum and a common daily concentrate allowance. No significant differences were detected in feed intake and milk yield between C and T. The T groups showed an earlier rise of nonesterified fatty acids as calving approached and had higher plasma nonesterified fatty acids during the final week of pregnancy and lactation wk 1 to 3. At the same time, adipose tissue samples from fatter cows tended to show higher in vitro lipolytic responses to added norepinephrine, as monitored by glycerol release. Protein mobilization was elevated during the final week of pregnancy and tended to be more increased in fatter cows. Glucogenic supplement did not decrease lipid oriprotein mobilization. Fatter cows had higher plasma leptin concentration prepartum, showed a more pronounced decrease in leptin concentration near calving, and had higher plasma leptin concentration after calving. In conclusion, fatter cows initiated more extensive mobilization of body fat before calving and this continued during the first lactation weeks. Plasma leptin concentration in early-lactation cows was associated with body fatness and not with estimated energy balance.
Fatty acid analysis of Iranian junk food, dairy, and bakery products: Special attention to trans-fats; Background: Low attention to dairy product consumptions and high intake of junk foods and bakery products might be related to high prevalence of chronic diseases because of their fat content and fatty acid composition. Objective: In this study we investigated the kind and amount of fatty acid content in Iranian junk foods, dairy, and bakery products Materials and Methods: Some common brands of Iranian's junk foods, dairy, and bakery products were chosen randomly from different supermarkets in Iran. The amount of 10 g sample was considered for fatty acid analysis by gas chromatography equipment with flam ionization detector. Results: In this study stearic acid (C18:0) and palmitic (C16:0) acid have the highest amount among other saturated fatty acids in all groups. In junk foods and bakery products, the most common trans-fatty acid (TFA) is elaidic acid (C18:19t) with ranging from 2.4% to 18.5% and in dairy products vaccinic acid (C18:1 11t) has the high level of TFAs among others (2.1% to 11.5%). Conclusion: The amount of TFAs in Iranian junk foods and bakery products was in a high level.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Despite evidence for the beneficial effects of probiotics and low-fat dairy products; to our knowledge, no study has compared the beneficial effect on weight loss of consuming a pro biotic yogurt (PY) compared with a standard low-fat yogurt (LF) during a hypoenergetic program.
Effects of precalving body condition score and prepartum feeding level on production, reproduction, and health parameters in pasture-based transition dairy cows; Precalving feeding level alters postcalving energy balance, dry matter intake, the liver and adipose tissue transcriptome, hepatic lipidosis, and the risk of metabolic diseases in both high-production cows consuming total mixed rations and moderate-production cows grazing pasture. We hypothesized that the reported benefits of a controlled restriction before calving are dependent on precalving body condition score (BCS): low BCS animals would not benefit from reduced feeding levels precalving, but high BCS cows would have metabolic and immunomodulatory profiles indicative of an improved health status. One hundred sixty-one days before calving, 150 cows were allocated randomly to 1 of 6 treatment groups (n = 25) in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement: 2 precalving BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0; based on a 10-point scale: BCS4 and BCS5, respectively) and 3 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75, 100, and 125% of estimated requirements). Cows in the BCS4 and BCS5 groups were managed through late lactation to ensure that target calving BCS was achieved at dry off. Cows were then fed to maintain this BCS target until 3 wk before expected calving date, at which point they were managed within their allotted precalving energy intake treatments by offering different allowances of fresh pasture/cow per day. Milk production, body weight, and BCS were measured weekly; blood was sampled weekly before and after calving and on d 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 relative to calving. Aspirated plasma was assayed for nonesterified fatty acids, P-hydroxybutyrate, total protein, albumin, cholesterol, haptoglobin, IL-1 beta, IL-6, total antioxidant capacity, and reactive oxygen species. Liver was sampled wk 1, 2, and 4 postcalving for triacylglycerol analysis. Results confirm that precalving BCS and precalving feeding level have both independent and interdependent effects on production and health characteristics of transition dairy cows. Irrespective of precalving BCS, a controlled restriction precalving reduced the net release of nonesterified fatty acids from adipose tissue postpartum and increased plasma calcium concentrations, reducing the risk of milk fever. Fatter cows produced more milk but lost more BCS postcalving and had greater blood beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations and increased hepatic lipidosis. In comparison, after calving, indicators of reduced immune competence were accentuated in BCS4 cows subjected to a feed restriction before calving, probably increasing the risk of infectious diseases. It would appear from these results that optimally conditioned cows will benefit from a short-term (2-3 wk) controlled feed restriction (75-90% of requirements), whereas cows in less than optimal condition should be fed to requirements before calving.
Lipolysis inhibition as a treatment of clinical ketosis in dairy cows: A randomized clinical trial; Excessive and protracted lipolysis in adipose tissues of dairy cows is a major risk factor for clinical ketosis (CK). This metabolic disease is common in postpartum cows when lipolysis provides fatty acids as an energy substrate to offset negative energy balance. Lipolysis in cows can be induced by the canonical (hormonally induced) and inflammatory pathways. Current treat-ments for CK focus on improving glucose in blood (i.e., oral propylene glycol [PG], or i.v. dextrose). However, these therapies do not inhibit the canonical and inflam-matory lipolytic pathways. Niacin (NIA) can reduce activation of the canonical pathway. Blocking inflam-matory responses with cyclooxygenase inhibitors such as flunixin meglumine (FM) can inhibit inflammatory lipolytic activity. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of including NIA and FM in the standard PG treatment for postpartum CK on circulat-ing concentrations of ketone bodies. A 4-group, parallel, individually randomized trial was conducted in mul-tiparous Jersey cows (n = 80) from a commercial dairy in Michigan during a 7-mo period. Eligible cows had CK symptoms (lethargy, depressed appetite, and milk yield) and hyperketonemia (blood beta-hydroxybutyrate [BHB] >= 1.2 mmol/L). Cows with CK were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups where the first group received 310 g of oral PG once per day for 5 d; the second group received PG for 5 d + 24 g of oral NIA once per day for 3 d (PGNIA); and the third group received PG for 5 d + NIA for 3 d + 1.1 mg/kg i.v. FM once per day for 3 d (PGNIAFM). The control group consisted of cows that were clinically healthy (HC; untreated; BHB <1.2 mmol/L, n = 27) matching for parity and DIM with all 3 groups. Animals were sampled at enrollment (d 0), and d 3, 7, and 14 to evaluate ketone bodies and circulating metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers. Effects of treatment, sampling day, and their interac-tions were evaluated using mixed effects models. Logis-tic regression was used to calculate the odds ratio (OR) of returning to normoketonemia (BHB <1.2 mmol/L). Compared with HC, enrolled CK cows exhibited higher blood concentrations of dyslipidemia markers, includ-ing nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and BHB, and lower glucose and insulin levels. Cows with CK also had increased levels of biomarkers of pain (substance P), inflammation, including lipopolysaccharide-binding protein, haptoglobin, and serum amyloid A, and pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-4, MCP-1, MIP-1 alpha, and TNF alpha. Importantly, 72.2% of CK cows presented en-dotoxemia and had higher circulating bacterial DNA compared with HC. By d 7, the percentage of cows with normoketonemia were higher in PGNIAFM = 87.5%, compared with PG = 58.33%, and PGNIA = 62.5%. At d 7 the OR for normoketonemia in PGNIAFM cows were 1.5 (95% CI, 1.03-2.17) and 1.4 (95% CI, 0.99- 1.97) relative to PG and PGNIA, respectively. At d 3, 7, and 14, PGNIAFM cows presented the lowest values of BHB (PG = 1.36; PGNIA = 1.24; PGNIAFM = 0.89 +/- 0.13 mmol/L), NEFA (PG = 0.58; PGNIA = 0.59; PGNIAFM = 0.45 +/- 0.02 mmol/L), and acute phase proteins. Cows in PGNIAFM also presented the highest blood glucose increment across time points and insulin by d 7. These data provide evidence that bacteremia or endotoxemia, systemic inflammation, and pain may play a crucial role in CK pathogenesis. Additionally, targeting lipolysis and inflammation with NIA and FM during CK effectively reduces dyslipidemia biomark-ers, improves glycemia, and improves overall clinical recovery.
Ability of dairy fat in inducing metabolic syndrome in rats; Background: The risk of heart diseases, diabetes and stroke is increased with higher metabolic risk factors. Models of diseases resulting from high-calorie diets have a significant role in pathophysiologic analysis of metabolic syndrome in rodents; but, these diets are considerably different from each other in various studies and may not be very similar to the metabolic syndrome model in humans. This study sought to make a model close to the disease in humans. 20 five-week old male Wistar rats were randomly assigned to two groups. For one of the groups, a high-calorie diet with 416 calories per 100 g with dairy-based fat was considered and, for another group, a control diet was given for 12 weeks. Weight changes, lipid profile, glucose values, Blood pressure, insulin and HOMA indices, were measured for both groups and weight changes were compared using repeated measures and independent t test; also, serum results were compared using independent t test.
Milk leptin in sows and blood leptin and growth of their offspring; Twenty-one mixed-parity (average 2.4 +/- 0.49) crossbred sows and their offspring were used to determine whether sow milk leptin at farrowing was related to neonatal serum leptin and pig growth to weaning. During farrowing, pigs were randomly allotted to suckling (n = 99) or delayed suckling (n = 89) groups, with delayed suckling pigs placed in a group pen apart from the dam before suckling. Both groups had access to heat lamps. Colostrum samples were collected no more than 2 h after farrowing the first pig. Blood samples were collected from all pigs approximately 2 h after farrowing was complete; pigs were then ear notched and returned to their dams. Pig BW was recorded at 1.2 +/- 0.04 d of age and again at weaning. Milk and blood serum were collected after centrifugation; leptin concentrations were estimated using RIA. Leptin was detected in colostral milk, as expected, and averaged 46.0 +/- 1.1 ng/mL. Pig serum leptin (P < 0.02) was greater in suckling pigs than in delayed suckling pigs, averaging 0.69 +/- 0.08 and 0.54 +/- 0.07 ng/mL, respectively. Although male pigs were heavier (P < 0.01) at birth than female pigs (1,507 +/- 52 vs. 1,381 +/- 43 g), ADG to weaning and weaning weights were similar for both sexes, averaging 229 +/- 14 g and 5,829 +/- 323 g, respectively, for all pigs; serum leptin concentrations were not affected by sex of the pig. Milk serum leptin was not associated with litter size, parity, pig birth weight, ADG to weaning, or weaning weight. Suckling status did not influence ADG to weaning or weaning weight of pigs; neonatal pig serum leptin was not related to birth weight, weaning weight, or ADG to weaning. These results indicate that leptin is not directly related to early neonatal growth in the pig; however, more indepth studies are needed to determine possible indirect or long-term effects of early leptin exposure.
A randomised, controlled, crossover study of the effect of diet on angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) through modification of the gut microbiome; Angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a lipoprotein lipase inhibitor that is involved in lipid metabolism and angiogenesis. Animal studies have suggested that the ANGPTL4 protein is modulated by the gut microbiota, possibly through increased concentrations of SCFA, such as C4, found in whole-fat milk or as a result of fermentation of inulin. This study investigated whether a standardised diet either high in fat content or supplemented with inulin powder would increase plasma ANGPTL4 in overweight men and whether this increase was mediated through a compositional change of the gut microbiota. The study had a crossover design with three arms, where participants were given a standardised isoenergetic diet supplemented with inulin powder, whole-fat milk or water (control). Plasma and urine samples were collected before and after each intervention period. Faecal samples and adipose tissue biopsies were collected after each intervention period. The study included twenty-one participants of whom eighteen completed the study. The dietary interventions did not change ANGPTL4 plasma concentration, nor was plasma ANGPTL4 associated with plasma lipids, TAG or NEFA concentration. The relative abundance of bifidobacteria following the inulin diet was higher, compared with the control diet. However, the changes in microbiota were not associated with plasma ANGPTL4 and the overall composition of the microbiota did not change between the dietary periods. Although weight was maintained throughout the dietary periods, weight was negatively associated with plasma ANGPTL4 concentration. In the adipose tissue, ANGPTL4 expression was correlated with leptin expression, but not with hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1 alpha) expression.
The effects of pressed sugar beet pulp silage (PBPS) and dairy whey on heavy pig production; The effects of pressed beet pulp silage (PBPS) replacing barley for 10% and 20% (DM basis) were studied on heavy pigs fed dairy whey-diluted diets.
Effects of body weight loss on serum progesterone concentrations of non-lactating dairy cows; The objective was to evaluate serum concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), cortisol, insulin, and progesterone (P4) of dairy cows maintaining or mobilizing body weight (BW). Eleven non-lactating, non-pregnant, and ovariectomized Gir X Holstein cows were stratified by BW and body condition score (BCS), and randomly assigned to: 1) BW loss (six cows; LOSS) and 2:1 BW maintenance (five cows; MAINT). Treatments were achieved through a grazing schedule using three pastures. From Days -7 to 1 of the study, all cows were maintained in Pasture A (12 kg of dry matter/cow daily). From Days 2 to 30, LOSS cows were maintained in Pasture B (less than 1.0 kg of dry matter/cow daily), whereas MAINT cows were maintained in Pasture C (12 kg of dry matter/cow daily). However, from Days 3 to 30 of the study, cows from both treatments were regrouped daily into Pasture A from 0600 to 1200 h to allow LOSS cows to consume, on average, 4.5 kg/d of forage dry matter. On Day -66 of the study, all cows received an intravaginal drug releasing device containing 1.9 g of P4 (replaced every 14 d and removed on Day 3). Cow BW and BCS were assessed on Day 0 and 30 and blood samples were collected daily from Days 0 to 30 at 0600 and 1200 h. Changes in BW and BCS were greater (P <= 0.05) in LOSS cows compared to MAINT cows. Within samples collected at 0600 h, serum NEFA concentrations were often greater (P < 0.05) in LOSS cows compared to MAINT after Day 14. Serum P4 concentrations were greater (P < 0.05) on Days 21 and 22, and tended (P < 0.10) to be greater on Days 16, 23, and 24 of the study in LOSS cows compared to MAINT. In conclusion, BW loss was associated with increased circulating concentrations of P4 in non-lactating ovariectomized dairy cows; this was mainly attributed to fat mobilization and consequent release of P4 stored in adipose tissues. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Scientific substantiation of a health claim related to a milk product, rich in fibre and protein, and reduction of the sense of hunger pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following an application from ELVIR SAS submitted pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of France, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of a health claim related to a milk product, rich in fibre and protein, and reduction of the sense of hunger.
Effects of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein diet delivered with meal kits to Danish people with type 2 diabetes: protocol for a 12-month randomised controlled trial; Introduction The cornerstone in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is lifestyle modification including a healthy diet, typically one in which carbohydrate provides 45%-60% of total energy intake (E%). Nevertheless, systematic reviews and meta-analyses of trials with low carbohydrate diets (which are increased in protein and/or fat) for T2D have found improved glycaemic control in the first months relative to comparator diets with higher carbohydrate content. Studies lasting >= 1 year are inconclusive, which could be due to decreased long-term dietary adherence. We hypothesise that glucometabolic benefits can be achieved following 12 months of carbohydrate-restricted dieting, by maximising dietary adherence through delivery of meal kits, containing fresh, high-quality ingredients for breakfast, dinner and snacks, combined with nutrition education and counselling. Methods and analysis This protocol describes a 12-month investigator-initiated randomised controlled, open-label, superiority trial with two parallel groups that will examine the effect of a carbohydrate-reduced high-protein (CRHP) diet compared with a conventional diabetes (CD) diet on glucometabolic control (change in glycated haemoglobin being the primary outcome) in 100 individuals with T2D and body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m(2). Participants will be randomised 1:1 to receive either the CRHP or the CD diet (comprised 30/50 E% from carbohydrate, 30/17 E% from protein and 40/33 E% from fat, respectively) for 12 months delivered as meal kits, containing foods covering more than two-thirds of the participants' estimated daily energy requirements for weight maintenance. Adherence to the allocated diets will be reinforced by monthly sessions of nutrition education and counselling from registered clinical dietitians. Ethics and dissemination The trial has been approved by the National Committee on Health Research Ethics of the Capital Region of Denmark. The trial will be conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Results will be submitted for publication in international peer-reviewed scientific journals.
Efficacy of Probiotics in Patients of Cardiovascular Disease Risk: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on outcomes associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors (high blood pressure, overweight BMI, high cholesterol and triglycerides, elevated HbA1c and serum glucose). All randomised controlled trials publish on PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Grey Literature and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) from 1990 to 2020 were systematically searched. The PEDro scale was used to assess the quality of studies. A total of 34 studies with 2177 adults were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were analysed for the pooled results. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found in the reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL-C, serum glucose, HbA1C and BMI; and elevation of HDL-C. No significant changes were observed in the outcome of triglycerides. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on the treatment of risk factors, with results favouring longer duration of treatment (> 1.5 months), use of alternate formulations (kefir and powder), higher dosage of probiotics (> 1.0 x 10(9) CFU), lower rate of study attrition (< 15%), double blinding of the study, diabetic patients and female populations. In summary, our meta-analysis showed a highly significant reduction in SBP, DBP associated with type 2 diabetes and in patients with diabetes mellitus, milk intake and more than 1.5 months duration intake. The effect on the reduction of total cholesterol LDL-C was associated with diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, yoghurt intake and less than 1.5 months probiotic intake. The effect on the reduction of glucose and HbA1c was associated with diabetes, small dosage of probiotics, milk type and less than 1.5 months duration intake. Additionally, probiotic supplement had a beneficial effect in reducing BMI associated with obesity, higher dosage intake of probiotics and more than 1.5 months duration of intake.
Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduced abdominal adipose tissue in obese middle-aged men with signs of the metabolic syndrome:: a randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity is strongly related to metabolic disorders. Recent research suggests that dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) reduces body fat and may improve metabolic variables in animals. The metabolic effects of CLA in abdominally obese humans have not yet been tested.
Taxation of the fat content of foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes; Background
Nutrition transition in the United Arab Emirates; Background/Objectives: The United Arab Emirates has undergone remarkable economic and social transformations over the past few decades. We present findings on the prevalence of overweight and obesity, dietary and activity patterns among Emiratis in 2009/10, and explore associated urbanization and wealth factors.
Effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, and butter on hemostatic variables in men; We have compared the effects of partially hydrogenated fish oil (PHFO diet), partially hydrogenated soybean oil (PHSO diet), and butterfat (butter diet) on fibrinolytic and coagulation variables in 31 young men. The three test margarines, which contributed 78% of total fat in the diets, contained 70% butterfat, PHSO, or PHFO, each with 30% of soybean oil. Far provided approximate to 35% of energy, and the content of trans-fatty acids was 0.9%, 8.5%, and 8.0% of energy in the butter diet, PHSO diet, and PHFO diet, respectively. All diets contained 420 mg cholesterol per 10 megajoules per day. All subjects consumed all three test diets for 3 weeks, in a random order (crossover design). The PHSO diet resulted in higher levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 antigen and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 activity than the two other test diets. Fibrinogen increased on the butter diet compared with the PHFO diet. No significant differences in the levels of factor VII, fibrinopeptide A, D-dimer, tissue plasminogen activator or beta-thromboglobulin were observed between the three test diets. The PHFO and the PHSO diets have previously been shown to result in higher levels of Lp(a) compared with the butter diet. The present findings indicate that PHSO has unfavorable antifibrinolytic effects relative to PHFO and butter and that butter may be procoagulant relative to PHFO. More controlled dietary studies are needed to assess definitely the impact of different hydrogenated Eats on risk of coronary heart disease.
Adipose tissue metabolism and production responses to calcium propionate and chromium propionate; The objective was to determine action of calcium propionate and chromium propionate on lipogenesis and lipolysis in adipose tissue, dry matter (DM) intake, milk production and composition, and serum glucose and free fatty acids in Holstein dairy cattle treated from 21 d prepartum to 35 d postpartum. Twelve multiparous animals were assigned to each treatment: control ( C), calcium propionate (CaP, 0.125 kg/d), chromium propionate (CrP, 10 mg of trivalent Cr/d), and both. All animals were switched to control at 36 days in milk ( DIM) and the trial continued to 90 DIM. Biopsies of adipose tissue were taken at - 7, 14, 28, and 56 d from calving. Control intake prepartum was 10.6 +/- 2 kg/d. Calcium propionate increased DM intake 11% prepartum and 13% postpartum; CrP increased DM intake 7 and 16%; and the combination treatment had no effect. Milk yield was 44.2 kg/ d for controls and 46.8 kg/ d for d 1 to 90 for CrP-treated cows. Adipose tissue lipogenesis in cows treated with either CaP or CrP was 1.25 to 78 times as fast as controls from 14 to 56 d and had returned to prepartum rates by 56 d. From 14 to 28 d, basal lipolysis in CaP- or CrP-treated cows ranged from 27 to 102% of control, whereas stimulated lipolysis was 61 to 113% of control. Milk fat yield was 92 to 95% of control on calcium and chromium propionate; the difference was similar to the net reduction in adipose lipolysis. Milk lactose, protein, and solids-not-fat did not differ among treatments. Providing a small amount of gluconeogenic precursors may reduce net lipolysis, allowing increased feed intake and milk production. The effect is thought to be through chromium acting to increase glucose flux into adipocytes.
Dairy Products Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Context: The relationship between dairy products consumption and the incidence of diabetes is investigated in various studies leading to contradictory results; therefore, the current meta-analytical study aimed at shedding light on the matter and estimating the potentiality of diabetes resulting from consuming dairy products.
Comparing responses of dairy cows to short-term and long-term heat stress in climate-controlled chambers; Heat stress (HS) in dairy cows can be classified into short-term heat stress (STHS) and long-term heat stress (LTHS) according to the number of consecutive days in HS. The comparative study of these 2 types of HS is limited in terms of their effects on the production and energy metabolism of cows. In this study, 4 lactating Holstein cows (102.5 +/- 12 days in milk, 605 +/- 22 kg of body weight, second parity) fitted with rumen fistulae were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 groups in a 2 x 2 crossover design and allocated to 1 of 2 climate-controlled chambers. This study contained 2 periods, each with a control phase and a HS phase. There was a recovery phase between 2 periods. The HS phase comprised either STHS (3 d) or LTHS (7 d) treatments. Data collected from the 3 d of STHS and the last 3 d of LTHS were compared. The chambers were set at thermal neutral conditions (20 degrees C, 50% humidity) during the control and recovery phases or cyclical HS conditions (26-38 degrees C, 50% humidity) during the HS phase. Compared with STHS, LTHS decreased milk yield by 17.2% and dry matter intake by 12.6%, indicating that LTHS caused a more severe decline in milk production and feed intake. In addition, LTHS decreased milk protein concentration by 6.8% and milk protein yield by 22.4%. In comparison with STHS, LTHS decreased rumen liquor volatile fatty acid (29.7%), blood glucose (11.6%), and nonesterified fatty acid (13.6%) concentrations, but increased milk urea nitrogen by 15.1%, blood urea nitrogen by 8.6%, and creatine concentrations by 15.4%. Our results suggest that although reduced feed intake may be mainly responsible for reduced milk production during STHS, impaired rumen metabolism and suppressed mobilization of adipose tissue could be the main reasons for further reduction in milk yield during LTHS.
Effects of High and Low Fat Dairy Food on Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Studies; Importance: Clear guidelines on the health effects of dairy food are important given the high prevalence of obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes, and increasing global consumption of dairy food.
Overcoming the barrier of lactose intolerance to reduce health disparities; Federal health goals for the public have focused on reducing health disparities that exist between whites and various racial and ethnic groups. Many of the chronic diseases for which African Americans are at greater risk-hypertension, stroke, colon cancer, and obesity-may be exacerbated by a low intake of calcium and/or other dairy-related nutrients. For example, a low intake of dairy food nutrients, such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium, may contribute to the high risk of hypertension seen in African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that a low-fat diet rich in fruits and vegetables (8 to 10 servings) and low-fat dairy foods (3 servings) significantly reduced blood pressure-and was twice as effective in African-American participants. Calcium and dairy food consumption is particularly low among African-American, Hispanic. and Asian populations. Average intakes are near the threshold of 600 to 700 mg/day, below which bone loss and hypertension can result. Although lactose intolerance may be partly to blame for the low calcium intakes due to reduced dairy food consumption by minority populations, culturally determined food preferences and dietary practices learned early in life also play a role. The high incidence figures for primary lactose maldigestion among minority groups grossly overestimates the number who will experience intolerance symptoms after drinking a glass of milk with a meal. Randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that by using a few simple dietary strategies, those who maldigest lactose (have low levels of the lactose enzyme) can easily tolerate a dairy-rich diet that meets calcium intake recommendations. Physicians and other health professionals can help their minority patients and the general public understand how to improve calcium nutrition by overcoming the surmountable barrier of lactose intolerance. At the some time they will be helping to reduce the incidence of calcium-related chronic diseases for which minority populations are at high risk.
Reductions in food cravings are similar with low-fat weight loss diets differing in protein and carbohydrate in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes: A randomized clinical trial; Food cravings are common in type 2 diabetes (T2D). Higher-protein diets are effective in improving satiety but their effect on cravings is unclear. It was hypothesized that a high protein (HP) diet would provide greater reductions in cravings than an isocaloric higher-carbohydrate diet (HC). In a randomized controlled trial, 61 adults (54% males) with T2D (means +/- SD: BMI 34.3 +/- 5.1 kg/m(2); aged 55 +/- 8 years) consumed either a HP diet (mean across study: 29% protein, 34% carbohydrate, 31% fat) or an isocaloric HC diet (21%:48%:24%) for 12-weeks each of weight loss (WL) and weight maintenance (WM). The Food Craving Inventory (FCI), measuring types of foods craved and the General Food Craving Questionnaires measuring traits (G-FCQ-T) and states (G-FCQ-S) were assessed at Weeks 0, 12 and 24. Weight changes were similar between groups (means +/- SEM: WL: -7.8 +/- 0.6 kg, WM: -0.6 +/- 0.4 kg). No group effects or group x time interactions were found for any outcome (P >= .07). Independent of group, all food cravings (except carbohydrates) and G-FCQ-T subscales decreased over the 24-week study (P <= .04) with sweets and fast food cravings, loss of control and emotional cravings reducing following WL (P <= .03). Obsessive preoccupation with food decreased following both phases (WL: P = .03; WM: P = .001). Weight was associated with several FCI subscales (r >= 0.24, P <= .04). In conclusion, both the HP and HC diets provided significant reductions in food cravings after similar weight losses which were maintained when weight was stabilized. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Milk Consumption and Mortality from All Causes, Cardiovascular Disease, and Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Results from epidemiological studies of milk consumption and mortality are inconsistent. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies assessing the association of non-fermented and fermented milk consumption with mortality from all causes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. PubMed was searched until August 2015. A two-stage, random-effects, dose-response meta-analysis was used to combine study-specific results. Heterogeneity among studies was assessed with the I-2 statistic. During follow-up periods ranging from 4.1 to 25 years, 70,743 deaths occurred among 367,505 participants. The range of non-fermented and fermented milk consumption and the shape of the associations between milk consumption and mortality differed considerably between studies. There was substantial heterogeneity among studies of non-fermented milk consumption in relation to mortality from all causes (12 studies; I-2 = 94%), cardiovascular disease (five studies; I-2 = 93%), and cancer (four studies; I-2 = 75%) as well as among studies of fermented milk consumption and all-cause mortality (seven studies; I-2 = 88%). Thus, estimating pooled hazard ratios was not appropriate. Heterogeneity among studies was observed in most subgroups defined by sex, country, and study quality. In conclusion, we observed no consistent association between milk consumption and all-cause or cause-specific mortality.
Effect of dairy calcium on fecal fat excretion: a randomized crossover trial; Background: Evidence suggests that dietary calcium intake may be inversely related to body weight. One explanatory mechanism is that dietary calcium increases fecal fat excretion, due to either calcium soap formation and/or binding of bile acids (BAs) in the intestine.
Probiotic Minas Frescal cheese added with <i>L-casei</i> 01: Physicochemical and bioactivity characterization and effects on hematological/biochemical parameters of hypertensive overweighted women - A randomized double-blind pilot trial; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of Lactobacilli's casei 01 on quality parameters of Minas Frescal cheese and to investigate the hematological and clinical effects of its regular consumption on hypertensive overweighed women (n = 30, 50 g, 28 days). Microbiological (lactic acid bacteria and probiotic counts), physicochemical parameters (proximate composition, pH, proteolysis, organic acid levels, and fatty acid profile), water mobility (TD-NMR), bioactivity [antioxidant and angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity], and microstructure were evaluated. The addition of L. casei 01 (10(8) CFU/g) did not change the proximate composition and the microstructure of the cheeses, while a more suitable fatty acid profile, lower pH, and higher antioxidant and ACE inhibitory activities, proteolysis and organic acid levels were observed. L. casei 01 improved the total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triacylglycerides, diastolic and systolic pressure, hemoglobin, and hematocrit count of the hypertensive overweighed women.
Platelet Count Affects Efficacy of Folic Acid in Preventing First Stroke; BACKGROUND The rote of platelets and important effect modifiers on the risk of first stroke is unknown.
Continuous low-dose infusion of tumor necrosis factor alpha in adipose tissue elevates adipose tissue interleukin 10 abundance and fails to alter metabolism in lactating dairy cows; Repeated bolus doses of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) alters systemic metabolism in lactating cows, but whether chronic release of inflammatory cytokines from adipose tissue has similar effects is unclear. Late-lactation Holstein cows (n = 9-10/treatment) were used to evaluate the effects of continuous adipose tissue TNF alpha administration on glucose and fatty acid (FA) metabolism. Cows were blocked by feed intake and milk yield and randomly assigned within block to control or TNF alpha treatments. Treatments (4 mL of saline or 14 mu g/kg of TNF alpha in 4 mL of saline) were infused continuously over 7 d via 2 osmotic pumps implanted in a subcutaneous adipose depot. Plasma, milk samples, milk yield, and feed intake data were collected daily, and plasma glucose turnover rate was measured on d 7. At the end of d 7, pumps were removed and liver and contralateral tail-head adipose biopsies were collected. Results were modeled with the fixed effect of treatment and the random effect of block. Treatment with TNF alpha increased plasma concentrations of the acute phase protein haptoglobin, but did not alter plasma TNF alpha, IL-4, IL-6, or IFN-gamma concentrations, feed intake, or rectal temperature. Milk yield and composition were unchanged, and treatments did not alter the proportion of short- versus long-chain FA in milk on d 7. Treatments did not alter plasma free FA concentration, liver triglyceride content, or plasma glucose turnover rate. Surprisingly, TNF alpha infusion tended to decrease liver TNF alpha and IL-1 receptor 1 mRNA abundance and significantly increased adipose tissue IL-10 protein concentration. Continuous infusion of TNF alpha did not induce the metabolic responses previously observed following bolus doses delivered at the same rate per day. Metabolic homeostasis may have been protected by an adaptive anti-inflammatory response to control systemic inflammation.
Effect of α-tocopherol acetate and zinc supplementation on body condition, energy metabolites and milk production in Karan Fries cows; The study was conducted to investigate the effect of alpha-tocopherol acetate and zinc on body condition, energy metabolites and milk production in Karan Fries cows. Sixteen pregnant Karan Fries cows were selected two months before expected date of calving. The experimental animals were randomly divided in to two groups namely control group (eight cows) and treatment group (eight cows). Treatment group cows were supplemented with a-tocopherol acetate @ 1000 IU/day/cow and zinc @ 60 ppm/day/cow. Blood samples were collected on the days -60, -45, -30, -15, -7, 0, +7, +15, +30, +45 and +60 with respect to expected date of calving. The body weight and body condition score of all the experimental animals was recorded on the day of blood collection. After calving milk yield of the experimental animals was recorded till 60 days in milk At parturition, body weight and body condition score differ significantly (P<0.001) in treatment group than control group (448.00 vs. 416.33 Kg and 4.42 vs. 4.17, respectively). The overall mean (+/- SEM) of plasma glucose was found to be significantly (P<0.001) higher in treatment group as compared to control group (62.39 +/- 1.23 vs. 57.44 +/- 1.59 mg/dl). The overall mean of non-esterified fatty acids was found to be significantly (P<0.001) lower in treatment group as compared to control group (197.10 +/- 3.38 vs. 239.21 +/- 3.48 mu M/L). The overall mean of milk yield was found significantly (P<0.001) higher in treatment group as compared to control group (20.48 +/- 1.16 vs. 16.94 +/- 1.38 Kg/day i.e. 20.90%). The results of this study indicated that supplementation of antioxidants like a-tocopherol acetate and zinc have beneficial effects on milk production along with improved body condition and metabolic status of the animals.
Can the reflectance spectrum be used to trace grass feeding in ewe milk?; Fifty Comisana ewes were randomly divided into two groups of 25 animals each at 63 days after parturition. One group (control) received 3.5 kg per head per day of a total mixed ration based on maize silage. The second group (grass) grazed a pasture in Sicily 4 h per day and received 600 g per head of oats hay after returning from pasture. During each milking session (twice a day) all the animals received concentrate supplementation. Milk was sampled after 50 days of treatment. Milk reflectance spectrum and CIE L* a* b* colour were measured using a MINOLTA CM2022 spectro-colorimeter. The spectra were translated to have a value of reflectance at 530 nm = 0. The integral of the translated spectrum was calculated between 450 and 530nm and was used to evaluate the possibility to discriminate milk samples from the two treatments. Milk from grass-fed animals was lighter in colour compared to milk from control ewes (L*: 76.42 versus 72.80; P < 0.01) and had a higher b* value indicating a more yellow colour (5.13 versus 2.70; P < 0.01). Plotting together a* and b* allowed to obtain a good discrimination between the two groups. The absolute value of the integral was higher in the grass group compared with the control group (254.5 versus 150.2; P < 0.001). However, a discrimination through the integral value was imperfect as the absolute values of the control group ranged from 69 to 229 and the absolute values of the grass group ranged from 195 to 324. It is likely that a better discrimination would have been possible if the pasture was the only feeding source for the animals. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Influence of flaxseed with rumen undegradable protein level on milk yield, milk fatty acids and blood metabolites in transition ewes; An experiment was conducted to determine the effects of two levels of rumen undegradable protein (RUP) without or with whole or extruded flaxseed on milk yield, milk component, milk fatty acids (FAs) profile and plasma metabolites in transition ewes. Three weeks before and after lambing, seventy-two Baluchi ewes were used in a completely randomized design with a 3 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. The treatments contained 1) no flaxseed + 20% RUP (no flaxseed, low RUP [NFLR]); 2) no flaxseed + 40% RUP (no flaxseed, high RUP [NFHR]); 3) 10% whole flaxseed + 20% RUP (whole flaxseed, low RUP [WFLR]); 4) 10% whole flaxseed + 40% RUP (whole flaxseed, high RUP [WFHR]); 5) 10% extruded flaxseed + 20% RUP (extruded flaxseed, low RUP [EFLR]), and 6) 10% extruded flaxseed + 40% RUP (extruded flaxseed, high RUP [EFHR]). Ewes fed 10% extruded flaxseed exhibited higher (p < 0.001) dry matter intake (DMI) and colostrum yield (p < 0.1) compared to other treatments. Two types of flaxseed and RUP levels had no significant effect on milk yield, but milk fat and protein contents decreased and increased in diets containing 40% RUP, respectively. Ewes fed extruded flaxseed produced milk with lower concentrations of saturated fatty acids (SFA) and higher a-linolenic and linoleic acids and also polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) compared to other groups (p < 0.05). During post-lambing, the ewes fed diets containing flaxseed exhibited higher concentration of serum non-esterified FAs (NEFA) compared to diets without flaxseed (p < 0.01). The concentration of serum ss-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA) decreased in the diets containing flaxseed types at pre-lambing, but increased in diets containing extruded flaxseed at post-lambing (p < 0.01). The serum glucose concentration of ewes (pre and post-lambing) which consumed diets containing extruded flaxseed or 40% RUP increased, but blood urea concentration was elevated following supplementation of diet with whole flaxseed or 40% RUP (p < 0.001). In conclusion, utilization of 10% extruded flaxseed in the diets of transition ewes had positive effects on animal performance with favorable changes in milk FAs profile. However, there is no considerable advantage to supply more than 20% RUP level in the diet of transition dairy sheep.
Evaluation of the sample needed to accurately estimate outcome-based measurements of dairy welfare on farm; Dairy welfare assessment programs are becoming more common on US farms. Outcome-based measurements, such as locomotion, hock lesion, hygiene, and body condition scores (BCS), are included in these assessments. The objective of the current study was to investigate the proportion of cows in the pen or subsamples of pens on a farm needed to provide an accurate estimate of the previously mentioned measurements. In experiment 1, we evaluated cows in 52 high pens (50 farms) for lameness using a 1- to 5-scale locomotion scoring system (1 = normal and 5 = severely lame; 24.4 and 6% of animals were scored >= 3 or >= 4, respectively). Cows were also given a BCS using a 1- to 5-scale, where 1 = emaciated and 5 = obese; cows were rarely thin (BCS <= 2; 0.10% of cows) or fat (BCS >= 4; 0.11% of cows). Hygiene scores were assessed on a 1- to 5-scale with 1 = clean and 5 = severely dirty; 54.9% of cows had a hygiene score >= 3. Hock injuries were classified as 1 = no lesion, 2 = mild lesion, and 3 = severe lesion; 10.6% of cows had a score of 3. Subsets of data were created with 10 replicates of random sampling that represented 100, 90, 80, 70, 60, 50, 40, 30, 20, 15, 10, 5, and 3% of the cows measured/pen. In experiment 2, we scored the same outcome measures on all cows in lactating pens from 12 farms and evaluated using pen subsamples: high; high and fresh; high, fresh, and hospital; and high, low, and hospital. For both experiments, the association between the estimates derived from all subsamples and entire pen (experiment 1) or herd (experiment 2) prevalence. was evaluated using linear regression. To be considered a good estimate, 3 criteria must be met: R-2 > 0.9, slope =1, and intercept = 0. In experiment 1, on average, recording 15% of the pen represented the percentage of clinically lame cows (score >= 3), whereas 30% needed to be measured to estimate severe lameness (score >= 4). Only 15% of the pen was needed to estimate the percentage of the herd with a hygiene score >= 3:whereas 30% to estimate the prevalence of severe hock lesions. Estimating very thin and fat cows required that 70 to 80% of the pen be measured. In experiment 2, none of the pen subsamples met our criteria for accurate estimates of herd prevalence. In conclusion, we found that both a higher percentage of the pen must be sampled to generate accurate values for relatively rare parameters and that the population measured plays an important role in prevalence estimates.
Lipopolysaccharide derived from the rumen down-regulates stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 expression and alters fatty acid composition in the liver of dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet; Background: Dairy cows are often fed a high-concentrate diet to meet lactating demands, yet long-term concentrate feeding induces subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) and leads to a decrease in milk fat. Stearoyl-CoA desaturase1 (SCD1) participates in fatty acid biosynthesis in the liver of lactating ruminants. Here, we conducted this study to investigate the impact of lipopolysaccharide derived from the rumen on SCD1 expression and on fatty acid composition in the liver of dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet. Eight multiparous mid-lactating Holstein cows (455 +/- 28 kg) were randomly assigned into two groups in the experiment and were fed a low-concentrate diet (LC) or high-concentrate diet (HC) for 18 weeks.
Validity and feasibility of Human-Animal Relationship tests for on-farm welfare assessment in dairy goats; This study aims at establishing suitable tests to measure the quality of the Human-Animal Relationship (HAR) in dairy goats for on-farm welfare assessment protocols by evaluating the predictive validity of different categories of HAR tests and their feasibility in on-farm condition. Twelve commercial dairy farms in Northern Italy were selected and classified as "good" (n = 6) and "poor" (n = 6) HAR on the basis of reports from a technical advisor. Some variables were tested to measure the HAR: sneezing - the number of alert sounds; voluntary approach (VA) test - in a stationary situation, the latency to the first contact by goat and the% of goats that entered in contact with the test person and within a 1.5 m radius around her were recorded, both continuously and at scan sample intervals; avoidance distance (AD) test the avoidance distance from a moving and approaching person and the% of tested goats, of contacts with the test person followed by withdrawal or of acceptances of gentle stroke were recorded. The feasibility of each test was evaluated based on costs, time consumption, safety and training requirement. Sneezes were rarely and random expressed, so they do not seem suitable to be included in a protocol. Both Principal Component Analysis and One-way ANOVA confirmed the predictive validity of most of the variables, which were able to discriminate between "good" and "poor" HAR farms. Latency to first contact resulted valid (P = 0.01) and a high feasibility was reported. The indicator was easy to be recorded and the VA test could be stopped immediately after the first contact, saving time. Variables from the AD test resulted valid (% tested goats: P = 0.006; AD mean: P = 0.016; % contacts: P = 0.006; % acceptance: P = 0.003), although they were more time consuming or required a more specific training compared to latency to first contact. The correlation among variables seemed to support also a convergent validity of the tests used. The investigation pinpointed promising behavioural tests to be included into on-farm welfare assessment protocols in dairy goats. Taking into account species, test results and feasibility considerations, we suggest the inclusion of latency to the first contact with the test person into on-farm welfare assessment protocols. However, these results should be further tested in a larger number of farms of different dimensions, to overcome the limitations of this study due to the small sample size and to check the effect of farm size. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of medium-chain fatty acids on growth, health, and immune response of dairy calves; It is necessary for the dairy industry to reduce calf morbidity and mortality, and the reliance on antibiot-ics to treat sick calves, to address the growing concern regarding antibiotic resistant bacteria. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the effect that feeding dairy calves medium-chain fatty acids (MCFA) has on growth performance and health, and the second-ary objective was to evaluate the effect of MCFA on en-ergy status around weaning and the adaptive immune response following a vaccine challenge. Thirty-three Holstein bull calves (5 +/- 1.6 d of age) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments. Control (CON) calves were fed milk replacer with no C8:0 or C10:0 oil added and MCFA calves were fed milk replacer with 0.5% of a combination of C8:0 or C10:0 oil added. Body weight and average daily gain were measured weekly. Feed efficiency (gain/feed) and the change in body condition score, hip width, hip height, heart girth, and paunch girth were calculated for the duration of the study. Fecal scores were recorded daily and all medical treat-ments were documented for the duration of the trial. On d 42, 49, and 56 of the study, a serum sample was collected from each calf and used to measure nonesteri-fied fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, insulin, and glu-cose concentrations to evaluate energy status around weaning. A subset of 11 calves per treatment were enrolled in a vaccine challenge. At 21 +/- 1.9 d of age (mean +/- standard deviation) calves were vaccinated intramuscularly with 1 mL of endotoxin-free ovalbu-min (OVA) mixed with aluminum hydroxide adjuvant. At 42 d of age ( +/- 1.9 d), blood samples were collected and used to analyze OVA-specific IgG(1) and IgG(2), and calves were vaccinated a second time. At 56 d of age (& PLUSMN;1.9 d), blood samples were collected to analyze IgG(1) and IgG(2) as well as IFN-gamma and IL-4 secreted from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) treated with OVA or phytohemagglutinin. Data were analyzed as a completely randomized design with repeated measures when applicable. A tendency for greater daily fecal score was observed for MCFA calves compared with CON. At d 42 of the study, nonesterified fatty acid concentrations were greater in CON calves compared with MCFA. At 42 and 56 d of age, anti-OVA IgG1 concentrations for CON and MCFA calves were greater than prevaccination samples. This study suggests that feeding MCFA to calves affects the energy status of calves around weaning and vaccinating dairy calves with ovalbumin combined with an aluminum hydroxide adjuvant is an effective way to evaluate the adaptive immune responses.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic" subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low-fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL-cholesterol levels.
Effect of <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on expression of lipogenic genes is related to amount of <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 CLA per unit of metabolic weight in lactating dairy ewes; This study evaluated the effect of trans-10, cis-12 CLA on the expression of genes involved in decreasing milk fat synthesis in two groups of lactating ewes with different metabolic weights. Twelve Lacaune ewes were alloted, according to metabolic weight (MW), into a Light Metabolic Weight (LMW) and Heavy Metabolic Weigth (HMW) groups, both of which were orally fed 30 g/d of rumen-unprotected CLA supplement containing 29.9% trans-10, cis-12. Milk samples were collected on days 0, 3 and 10 and mammary and adipose tissue biopsies were taken on days 3 and 10. RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis and RT-qPCR were performed and data were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS as repeated measure in a completely randomized design. The trans-10, cis-12 CLA reduced milk fat synthesis between days 3 and 10 (P = 0.001), and the HMW group had a greater expression (P < 0.05) of the genes acetyl-CoA carboxylase alpha - promoter III (ACACA-alpha PIII), fatty acid synthase (FASN), stearoil CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) and thyroid hormone responsive spotl4 (THRSP) in the mammary gland and of acetyl-CoA carboxylase alpha - promoter I (ACACA-alpha PI) and leptin (P < 0.05) in adipose tissue. Our findings indicate that the response of animals to trans-10, cis-12 CLA appears to be metabolic weight dependent.
Genetically proxied milk consumption and risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundObservational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer. However, whether the associations reflect causality remains debatable. We investigated the potential causal associations of milk consumption with the risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer using a genetic variant near the LCT gene as proxy for milk consumption.MethodsWe obtained genetic association estimates for cancer from the UK Biobank (n=367,643 women and men), FinnGen consortium (n=135,638 women and men), Breast Cancer Association Consortium (n=228,951 women), and Prostate Cancer Association Group to Investigate Cancer Associated Alterations in the Genome consortium (n=140,254 men). Milk consumption was proxied by a genetic variant (rs4988235 or rs182549) upstream of the gene encoding lactase, which catalyzes the breakdown of lactose.ResultsGenetically proxied milk consumption was associated with a reduced risk of colorectal cancer. The odds ratio (OR) for each additional milk intake increasing allele was 0.95 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.91-0.99; P=0.009). There was no overall association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bladder (OR 0.99; 95% CI 0.94-1.05; P=0.836), breast (OR 1.01; 95% CI 1.00-1.02; P=0.113), and prostate cancer (OR 1.01; 95% CI 0.99-1.02; P=0.389), but a positive association with prostate cancer was observed in the FinnGen consortium (OR 1.07; 95% CI 1.01-1.13; P=0.026).ConclusionsOur findings strengthen the evidence for a protective role of milk consumption on colorectal cancer risk. There was no or limited evidence that milk consumption affects the risk of bladder, breast, and prostate cancer.
Encouraging healthier grocery purchases online: A randomised controlled trial and lessons learned; Online supermarket platforms present an opportunity for encouraging healthier consumer purchases. A parallel, double-blind randomised controlled trial tested whether promoting healthier products (e.g. lower fat and lower calorie) on the Sainsbury's online supermarket platform would increase purchases of those products. Participants were Nectar loyalty membership scheme cardholders who shopped online with Sainsbury's between 20th September and 10th October 2017. Intervention arm customers saw advertisement banners and recipe ingredient lists containing healthier versions of the products presented in control arm banners and ingredient lists. The primary outcome measure was purchases of healthier products. Additional outcome measures were banner clicks, purchases of standard products, overall purchases and energy (kcal) purchased. Sample sizes were small due to customers navigating the website differently than expected. The intervention encouraged purchases of some promoted healthier products (spaghetti [B = 2.10, p < 0.001], spaghetti sauce [B = 2.06, p < 0.001], spaghetti cheese [B = 2.45, p = 0.001], sour cream [B = 2.52, p < 0.001], fajita wraps [B = 2.10, p < 0.001], fajita cheese [B = 1.19, p < 0.001], bakery aisle products (B = 3.05, p = 0.003) and cola aisle products [B = 0.97, p < 0.002]) but not others (spaghetti mince, or products in the yogurt and ice cream aisles). There was little evidence of effects on banner clicks and energy purchased. Small sample sizes may affect the robustness of these findings. We discuss the benefits of collaborating to share expertise and implement a trial in a live commercial environment, alongside key learnings for future collaborative research in similar contexts.
Association of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Expression with Cattle Milk Characteristics; Stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) enzyme plays an important role in the metabolism of the lipids, thus the goal of this study was to investigate the influence of canola and soybean oilseeds on gene expression of SCD in adipose tissue, composition and yield of milk, fatty acid profile in Iranian Holstein cattle. Animals (n=20) were randomly selected to test experimental diets. Fatty acid composition was determined. After isolation of total RNA, cDNA was synthesized. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was used to amplify SCD and GAPDH. For analyzing the real-time PCR results, LinRegPCR, REST and SPSS softwares was employed. The animals fed canola seed in comparison animals fed soybean seed showed higher gene expression. The milk production, fat percentage, 4% fat corrected milk, body condition score and milk urea nitrogen showed a significant difference between two groups. The amount of a number of fatty acids extracted from adipose tissue including C18:3t, C18:0 and C16:1 in animals fed two different diets was variable and their amount was significantly different. SCD gene expression was not significantly different between animals fed two diets (canola and soybean). This may be due to the similarity of the fatty acid composition of the two compounds and their nutrient balance. Since canola seed are higher in fat and protein than soybean seed, it can be a good substitute for soybean seed in the diet of dairy cows. In addition, canola seed,with the effect of nutrition on the composition of milk fatty acids can be used to improve milk.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. II. Pharmacokinetics, whole-animal performance, and lipid metabolism; Dairy cows cope with severe energy insufficiency in early lactation by engaging in intense and sustained mobilization of fatty acids from adipose tissue. An unwanted side effect of this adaptation is excessive lipid accumulation in the liver, which in turn impairs hepatic functions. Mice experiencing increased hepatic fatty acid flux are protected from this condition through coordinated actions of the newly described hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) on liver and adipose tissue. The possibility of an analogous role for FGF21. in dairy cows is suggested by its rapid increase in plasma levels around parturition followed by chronically elevated levels in the first few weeks of lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either an excipient (control; n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight (BW) followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21, at a rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic BW for 9 consecutive days. After bolus administration, human FGF21 circulated with a half-life of 194 min, and its constant infusion increased total plasma concentration 117-fold over levels in excipient-infused cows. The FGF21 treatment had no effect on voluntary feed intake, milk yield, milk energy output, or net energy balance measured over the 9-d infusion or on final BW. Plasma fatty acids circulated at lower concentrations in the FGF21 group than in the control group for the 8-h period following bolus administration, but this reduction was not significant during the period of constant i.v. infusion. Treatment with FGF21 caused a 50% reduction in triglyceride content in liver biopsies taken at the end of the constant i.v. infusion without altering the mRNA abundance of key genes involved in the transport, acyl coenzyme A activation, or oxidation of fatty acids. In contrast, FGF21 treatment ablated the recovery of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 seen in control cows during the 9-d i.v. infusion period despite a tendency for higher plasma growth hormone. This effect was associated with increased hepatic mRNA abundance of the intracellular inhibitor of growth hormone receptor trafficking, LEPROT. Overall, these data confirm the ability of FGF21 to reduce lipid accumulation in bovine liver and suggest the possibility that FGF21, does so by attenuating the hepatic influx of adipose tissue-derived fatty acids.
Effects of oral milk extracellular vesicles on the gut microbiome and serum metabolome in mice; Milk extracellular vesicles (EVs) are rich in abundant bioactive macromolecules, such as glycoconjugates, proteins, lipids and nucleic acids, and these vesicles might transmit signals to human consumers. However, it remains to be determined whether milk EVs import new pathogens to humans or are beneficial for human health. Here, C57BL/6 female and male mice were randomly divided into 4 EV dose levels (0, 1.5 x 10(9) p g(-1), 1.0 x 10(10) p g(-1) and 1.5 x 10(10) p g(-1)). Based on the alterations in body weight, the control group (0 p g(-1), PBS) and the middle treatment group (1.0 x 10(10) p g(-1)) were chosen for further analysis of the effects of EVs on the gut microbiota and blood metabolites in mice, by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and untargeted metabolomics, respectively. We found that milk EVs increased the abundance of "beneficial" microbes such as Akkermansia, Muribaculum and Turicibacter, while decreased the level of "harmful" bacteria Desulfovibrio. Serum metabolites showed that EVs mainly changed the lipid and amino acid metabolism, and especially increased several serum anti-inflammatory factors, which might be beneficial for inflammation and other metabolic diseases. The results of KEGG analysis suggested that the enriched pathways were the intestinal immune network for IgA production, retinol metabolism, and d-glutamine and d-glutamate metabolism. Taken together, the positive effect of milk EVs on serum nutrient metabolism without promoting "harmful" bacterial colonization in female and male mice may indicate that they are safe bioactive molecules, and some of the changes they induce may provide protection against certain diseases.
Effects of yeast-derived microbial protein on lactation performance and metabolic status of transition dairy cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of yeast-derived microbial protein (YMP) on performance and blood metabolites in transition cows. Twenty-four primiparous and multiparous Holstein cows were blocked according to expected calving date and parity, and randomly assigned to receive either a control (0 g YMP) or treated (YMP; 50 g YMP prepartum followed by 200 g YMP postpartum) pellet containing beet pulp and molasses. The study commenced 21 d prior to expected calving date and ended 28 d postpartum. Individual dry matter intake (DMI) and milk yields were recorded daily. Milk samples were collected twice weekly on two nonconsecutive days and analyzed for fat, protein, lactose, somatic cell count and urea. Blood samples collected on d -21, -14, -7, -3, -1, 1, 3, 7, 14, 21 and 28 relative to calving were analyzed for metabolites, macrominerals and proteins. There was no effect of YMP treatment on DMI, milk yield and milk composition. However, YMP supplementation significantly reduced serum concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids from d 3 postpartum until the end of the study. Serum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate were also reduced in YMP-supplemented cows on d 3 and 7 postpartum. Moreover, YMP supplementation significantly increased serum glucose levels on d 3 and 7 postpartum, and reduced serum aspartate transaminase levels on d 14 and 21 postpartum. Overall, our results suggest that amino acid supplementation in the form of YMP may significantly reduce metabolic stress and fat mobilization from the adipose tissue in transition cows especially during the postpartum period without adversely affecting milk production.
Investigation of the Effect of Nutritional Supplementation with Whey Protein and Vitamin D on Muscle Mass and Muscle Quality in Subacute Post-Stroke Rehabilitation Patients: A Randomized, Single-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial; In post-stroke hemiparesis patients, the skeletal muscle mass decrease rapidly with the histological degradation. We investigated the effect of nutritional supplementation with whey protein and vitamin D on the muscle mass and muscle quality, in post-stroke convalescent rehabilitation patients in a randomized, single-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Fifty patients were randomly assigned to two groups; HP group received supplemental jelly (100 kcal; whey protein 10 g; vitamin D 20 mu g) twice a day throughout up to 16-week period, the control group received placebo jelly. Cross-sectional area (CSA) of thigh muscle, skeletal muscle index (SMI), muscle strength, activity of daily living (ADL), and some nutritional indicators in blood were measured. Although no significant difference was observed in CSA and SMI between the groups, fat infiltration into the thighs muscle was singnificantly lower in the HP group. There were no significant difference in muscle strength and ADL between the groups. Blood urea nitrogen and serum 25(OH)D at endpoint were significantly higher in the HP group but physiological normal ranges. Supplementation with whey protein and vitamin D in post-stroke patients led to suppression of fat infiltration into the muscle. Long-term follow-up studies are needed to verify whether this nutritional intervention provides substantial benefits for the prognosis of stroke survivors.
Advising women with diabetes in pregnancy to express breastmilk in late pregnancy (Diabetes and Antenatal Milk Expressing [DAME]): a multicentre, unblinded, randomised controlled trial; Background Infants of women with diabetes in pregnancy are at increased risk of hypoglycaemia, admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and not being exclusively breastfed. Many clinicians encourage women with diabetes in pregnancy to express and store breastmilk in late pregnancy, yet no evidence exists for this practice. We aimed to determine the safety and efficacy of antenatal expressing in women with diabetes in pregnancy.
Dietary Habits of Type 2 Diabetes Patients: Variety and Frequency of Food Intake; The objective of the present study was to observe the dietary patterns and food frequencies of type 2 diabetes patients attending the clinics of the Family Practice Center of the University of Sri Jayewardenepura, located in a highly urbanized area in Sri Lanka. An interviewer administered questionnaire based cross-sectional study was conducted among randomly selected 100 type 2 diabetes patients [age 35-70 years; mean age 55 +/- 9 (males = 44; females = 56)]. The data were analyzed by SPSS version 18.0 software. Vegetables, fatty foods, and poultry consumption were in accordance with the national guidelines. A significant percentage (45.5%) consumed rice mixed meals for all three meals and only 67% consumed fruits at least once a day. Majority (71%) consumed full-cream milk and sugar intake (77%) was in accordance with the guidelines. Noncaloric sweetener usage was nonexistent. Daily green leafy vegetable intake and the quantity consumed were inadequate to obtain beneficial effects. From the study population, 44% [females 50%; males 36%] of the patients were either overweight or obese. However, only 60% of those patients accepted that they were either overweight or obese. Only 14% exercised daily while 69% never exercised. Study revealed the importance of educating patients with type 2 diabetes on dietary changes and more importantly the involvement in regular physical exercises.
Effects of a dietary supplement enriched in palmitoleic acid on fatty acid composition of follicular fluid, granulosa cell metabolism, and oocyte developmental capacity in early lactation dairy cows; In high-yielding dairy cows, some fertility traits can be influenced by the fatty acid (FA) composition of the follicular fluid during early lactation. The first objective of the current study was to evaluate the potential of dietary supplements enriched in specific FA to influence the FA composition of follicular fluid lipid classes in early lactation dairy cows. The second objective was to determine the influence of the resulting follicular fluid FA composition on the folliculogenesis, lipid and energy metabolism of granulosa cells, as well as oocyte quality and embryo development. Twenty Holstein multiparous cows in late gestation were randomly assigned to 200 g/d of FA supplements enriched in (1) palmitic acid (control treatment; 82% 16:0; PA) in the rumen or (2) palmitoleic acid (sea buckthorn oil; 27% cis-9 16:1, 28% 16:0, 22% cis-9 18:1, and 11% cis-9,cis-12 18:2; SBT) in the abomasum. The treatment period ranged from 20 +/- 5 d precalving to 67 +/- 2 d postcalving. Cumulus-oocyte complexes, granulosa cells, and follicular fluid were recovered from 2 sequential sessions of ovum pickup (OPU-1 and OPU-2) at 46 and 67 +/- 2 d postcalving (mean +/- standard deviation). On the same days, blood samples were collected. Milk performance was recorded, and feed and milk samples were collected from d 8 to 10 +/- 3 (onset of lactation), d 35 to 37 +/- 2 (before OPU-1), and d 63 to 65 +/- 2 (before OPU-2). Treatments did not affect milk yield or fat concentration throughout the experimental trial. Compared with PA, SBT increased the cis-9 16:1 concentration in milk fat, in plasma esterified lipid classes (phospholipids, cholesterol esters, and triacylglycerols), and in follicular fluid phospholipids and cholesterol esters at OPU-1. Abundance of mRNA for stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 and 5, and perilipin 2 in granulosa cells was not different between treatments, but an increase in the level of stearoyl-CoA desaturase 5 was observed between the 2 OPU periods. Treatments did not affect oocyte quality and developmental capacity or embryo lipid metabolism when cultivated in vitro. These results suggest that limited modifications in the FA composition of the oocyte microenvironment via dietary lipid supplements enriched in specific FA had no major effects on granulosa cell metabolism and oocyte developmental capacity in early lactation cows.
Chia seed (<i>Salvia Hispanica L.</i>) added yogurt reduces short-term food intake and increases satiety: randomised controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Several studies have reported that consumption of Salvia Hispanica L.,commonly known as chia seed, may exert beneficial effects on health outcomes. The main purpose of this study was to examine the influence of chia seed consumption as a mid-morning snack on short-term satiety.
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women; Background: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive.
Thyroid status, insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in overweight and obese adults before and after 36 weeks of whey protein supplementation and exercise training; Research suggests that subclinical hypothyroidism (SHT) influences insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance. Reductions in thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations are associated with exercise training (ExTr), which improves insulin sensitivity and glucose uptake. Purpose: A secondary analysis of previously published data was conducted to examine the relationship between SHT, TSH and glucose homeostatic control at baseline and to assess the impact of ExTr on thyroid status and how SHT affects changes in insulin sensitivity after ExTr. Materials and methods: Data were obtained from a 36-week ExTr and whey protein supplementation intervention trial. Subjects (n = 304, 48 +/- 7 years, females = 186) were randomized to a specific whey protein group (0, 20, 40, or 60 g per day) and all subjects participated in a resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) training program. Testing was conducted at baseline and post-intervention. Results: At baseline, 36% (n = 110) and 12% (n = 35) of subjects were classified with SHT based on the TSH 3 mu IU/L or TSH 4.5 mu IU/L cut-offs, respectively. No association was found between baseline TSH and baseline measures of glucose homeostatic control. Whey protein supplementation did not influence intervention outcomes. Post-intervention (n = 164), no change was observed in TSH. SHT did not affect changes in insulin sensitivity following ExTr. Conclusion: These results support that the health benefits of ExTr for the management of insulin resistance (IR) are not blunted by SHT.
DIETARY CHOLINE FOR THE LACTATING COW - POSSIBLE EFFECTS ON MILK-FAT SYNTHESIS; Two experiments with low forage diets tested effects of added dietary choline on milk fat synthesis. In Experiment 1, 18 Holstein cows were used in a 12-wk trial. Choline (0, 1.5 and 3 g/kg) was added to the concentrate portion of a 70% concentrate, 30% corn silage diet (dry matter). Treatments were applied in a switchback design with 4-wk experimental periods. Highest choline increased milk fat by 0.34 percentage units and fat-corrected milk by 2 kg per day over controls. Rumen pH and volatile  fatty acids were similar among treatments. Free fatty acids of blood serum were reduced 3.0 mg/100 ml by 3 g/kg choline. In Experiment 2 with 4 mature Holsteins, choline was added (0, 2, 4, and 6 g/kg concentrate) in 25% corn silage and 75% concentrate diets. Treatments were applied in a 4 .times. 4 Latin square design. Addition of 4 g/kg choline resulted in 3.7 kg/day and 0.77 percentage unit increases of fat-corrected milk and milk fat percent, respectively; fat-corrected milk and milk fat percent  at 6 g/kg were only slightly higher than controls. Choline probably aided transport of mobilized free fatty acids from adipose tissue through the liver to the mammary gland.
Responses of Holstein cows to a low dose of somatotropin (bST) prepartum and postpartum; Objectives were to evaluate the effects of a low dose of bovine somatotropin (bST) injected prepartum and postpartum on body condition score (BCS), body weight (BW), and milk yield (MY) in cows as well as somatotropin insulin, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), glucose, and nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma. Holstein cows nearing second or later parities were assigned randomly to control (CON = 98) or bST-treated (TRT = 95) groups. Biweekly injections of bST began 21 +/- 3 d before expected calving and continued through 42 d postpartum (CON vs. TRT; 0 vs. 10.2 mg of bST/d). From 42 to 100 d postpartum, no cows received bST. During yr 1, somatotropin, IGF-I, insulin, NEFA, and glucose were measured in plasma samples from 82 cows. During yr 2, effects of bST on BCS and BW of 111 cows were evaluated, but no blood samples were collected. Milk yields through 100 d of all 193 cows were analyzed. Prepartum treatment with bST resulted in greater prepartum plasma concentrations of somatotropin, insulin, and numerically greater NEFA but did not affect glucose or IGF-I. Postpartum bST increased mean plasma concentrations of somatotropin and NEFA, but not INS, IGF-I, or glucose. Mean BCS of cows did not differ prepartum, around parturition, or postpartum. Although mean BW did not differ prepartum or around calving, cows receiving bST maintained greater BW postpartum. Cows receiving bST tended to have higher MY (6.6%) in the first 60 d of lactation, but differences did not persist through 100 d, including similar to40 d when no cows received bST. Number of cows that were culled due to health (CON = 3 vs. TRT = 2) or died (CON = 3 vs. TRT = 1) were not affected by treatment. Low doses of bST in the transition period resulted in higher postpartum BW, quicker recovery of body condition during lactation, and significantly more milk during treatment.
RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN ADMINISTRATION OF GNRH, BODY CONDITION SCORE AND FERTILITY IN HOLSTEIN DAIRY-CATTLE; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of GnRH treatment in dairy cows differing in body condition score. A total of 2437 primiparous and multiparous cows was allocated randomly to receive either GnRH (100 mu g) or placebo at the post partum exam (25 to 35 d) and at the first breeding. Complete records were available from 1906 cows: Group 1 (n = 535) placebo and placebo; Group 2 (n = 489) GnRH and placebo; Group 3 (n = 438) placebo and GnRH; and Group 4 (n = 444) GnRH and GnRH. The change of body condition score during early lactation was determined on a 1 to 5 scale (1 = emaciated to 5 = obese). Cows with a high body condition score (<3.0) at the first breeding had 8.8 fewer days to first service and 6.4 fewer days open but more services per conception (0.16) than cows with low body condition score (<3.0). Conception rate improved when GnRH was administered at the first breeding to cows with a body condition score of <3.0 at the first breeding regardless of parity. The administration of GnRH at the post partum exam decreased the conception rate in first lactation cows but was beneficial for cows in second and greater lactations. Thus the efficacy of GnRH may not be consistent in all parities and body condition groups.
Randomized trial on protein vs carbohydrate in <i>ad libitum</i> fat reduced diet for the treatment of obesity; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect on weight loss in obese subjects by replacement of carbohydrate by protein in ad libitum consumed fat-reduced diets.
Regional differences in levels of chlorinated and brominated pollutants in mother's milk from primiparous women in Sweden; Early life exposure to halogenated persistent organic pollutants, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), the DDT metabolite p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane (p,p'-DDE), polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs), and hexabromocyclododecane (HBCD), may affect human health. We determined if there are regional differences in mother's milk levels of these compounds in Sweden. In year 2000-2004, milk was sampled from 204 randomly recruited primiparas from four regions of Sweden. Levels of the compounds were measured by gas chromatography with dual electron-capture detectors. Women were recruited at delivery in three hospitals located in urban areas in southern and central Sweden (Lund, Gothenburg and Uppsala), and in one hospital located in a more rural area in northern Sweden (Lycksele). Information about dietary habits and medical/life-style factors were collected by questionnaires. Among PCB congeners, CB 153, CB 138 and CB 180 showed the highest median concentrations (18-48 ng/g mother's milk lipid), whereas more than 50% of the women had CB 52, CB 101, CB 114, and CB 157 levels below the LOQ (0.3-1.5 ng/g lipid). Median p,p'-DDE levels were in the range of 46-78 ng/g lipid. BDE 47 showed the highest median concentrations (1-2 ng/g lipid) among the brominated compounds, whereas more than 50% of the women had levels of BDE 28, BDE 66, BDE 138, BDE 154, and HBCD below the LOQ (0.05-0.10 ng/g lipid). Regional differences in median organohalogen compound concentrations were small, less than 2-fold. Lycksele women generally had the lowest levels of Sigma mono-and Sigma di-ortho PCBs, mainly due to a lower average age. In contrast, these women had higher tetra- to penta-brominated PBDE levels, but no diet or life-style factor could explain this finding. Wide ranges of PBDEs and HBCD levels (up to 200-fold) were found, especially in the Lycksele area. The highest levels of PBDE were in the range of average levels found in mother's milk from North America, suggesting that food may not be the only source of exposure to PBDEs among some individuals. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of energy-reduced diets high in dairy products and fiber on weight loss in obese adults; Objective: Studies suggest that high-dairy and high-fiber/low-glycemic index diets may facilitate weight loss, but data are conflicting. The effects on weight loss and body fat of a high-dairy diet and a diet high in dairy and fiber and low in glycemic index were compared with a standard diet.
Colostrum and mature breast milk analysis of serum irisin and sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1c in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: We aimed to evaluate irisin and SREBP-1c levels in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk in women with and without gestational diabetes (GDM); and to relate them with maternal glucose, lipid profile and weight status of babies.Methods: GDM positive women (n=33) and normal glucose tolerant women (NGT) (n=33) were recruited. Maternal blood samples were collected at 28th week of gestation and later at 6-week post-partum while breast milk samples of the lactating mothers were collected within 72hours of birth (colostrum) and at 6 weeks post-partum (mature milk). Irisin and SREBP-1c levels were analyzed by commercially available ELISA kits for all maternal samples.Results: Lower levels of irisin were seen in serum, colostrum and mature breast milk of GDM females (p<.01). SREBP-1c profile showed a similar trend of low serum levels in GDM, however, they were undetectable in colostrum and mature breast milk. Weak to moderate correlations of serum irisin with BMI (r=0.439; p<.001), GTT 0hours (r=0.403; p=.01), HbA1c (r=-0.312; p=.011), Fasting blood glucose (r=0.992; p=.008), and baby weight at birth (r=0.486; p<.001). Colostrum and mature breast milk irisin showed positive associations with baby weight at 6 weeks (r=0.325; p=.017; r=0.296; p=.022, respectively). Serum SREBP-1c at 6 weeks correlated with random blood glucose (r=0.318; p=.009), and HbA1c (r=-0.292; p=.011). All correlations were lost once we adjusted for maternal BMI.Conclusions: Low irisin and SREBP1-c levels may favor development of GDM in pregnant subjects. Further, low mature breast milk levels may act as a continued stressor from fetal to infant life as long as breast-feeding is continued. Further studies are required to identify the mechanistic relationship between these biomarkers and GDM.
Measuring Activities of Daily Living in Stroke Patients with Motion Machine Learning Algorithms: A Pilot Study; Measuring activities of daily living (ADLs) using wearable technologies may offer higher precision and granularity than the current clinical assessments for patients after stroke. This study aimed to develop and determine the accuracy of detecting different ADLs using machine-learning (ML) algorithms and wearable sensors. Eleven post-stroke patients participated in this pilot study at an ADL Simulation Lab across two study visits. We collected blocks of repeated activity ("atomic" activity) performance data to train our ML algorithms during one visit. We evaluated our ML algorithms using independent semi-naturalistic activity data collected at a separate session. We tested Decision Tree, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine (SVM), and eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost) for model development. XGBoost was the best classification model. We achieved 82% accuracy based on ten ADL tasks. With a model including seven tasks, accuracy improved to 90%. ADL tasks included chopping food, vacuuming, sweeping, spreading jam or butter, folding laundry, eating, brushing teeth, taking off/putting on a shirt, wiping a cupboard, and buttoning a shirt. Results provide preliminary evidence that ADL functioning can be predicted with adequate accuracy using wearable sensors and ML. The use of external validation (independent training and testing data sets) and semi-naturalistic testing data is a major strength of the study and a step closer to the long-term goal of ADL monitoring in real-world settings. Further investigation is needed to improve the ADL prediction accuracy, increase the number of tasks monitored, and test the model outside of a laboratory setting.
Effects of hydrolysed casein, intact casein and intact whey protein on energy expenditure and appetite regulation: a randomised, controlled, cross-over study; Casein and whey differ in amino acid composition and in the rate of absorption; however, the absorption rate of casein can be increased to mimic that of whey by exogenous hydrolysis. The objective of the present study was to compare the effects of hydrolysed casein (HC), intact casein (IC) and intact whey (IW) on energy expenditure (EE) and appetite regulation, and thereby to investigate the influence of amino acid composition and the rate of absorption. In the present randomised cross-over study, twenty-four overweight and moderately obese young men and women consumed three isoenergetic dietary treatments that varied in protein source. The study was conducted in a respiration chamber, where EE, substrate oxidation and subjective appetite were measured over 24h at three independent visits. Moreover, blood and urine samples were collected from the participants. The results showed no differences in 24h and postprandial EE or appetite regulation. However, lipid oxidation, estimated from the respiratory quotient (RQ), was found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC during daytime (P=0014) as well as during the time after the breakfast meal (P=0008) when the food was provided. Likewise, NEFA concentrations were found to be higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC and IC (P<001). However, there was no overall difference in the concentration of insulin or glucagon-like peptide 1. In conclusion, dietary treatments when served as high-protein mixed meals induced similar effects on EE and appetite regulation, except for lipid oxidation, where RQ values suggest that it is higher after consumption of IW than after consumption of HC.
Two untargeted metabolomics reveals yogurt-associated metabolic alterations in women with multiple metabolic disorders from a randomized controlled study; The beneficial role of yogurt on metabolic profile has been widely reported. Yet, few studies have intended to describe the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt. Yogurt and milk (220 g/d) were given to 48 and 44 obese women with metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease for 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial (registered at http://www.chictr.org.cn as ChiCTR-IPR-15006801). Fasting serum samples were collected before and after intervention for global, untargeted metabolomics based on H-1 nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF-MS) (in positive and negative ion modes). Multivariable statistical analysis and pathway analysis were conducted. In both H-1 NMR and UPLC-Q-TOF-MS metabolomics, no clustering was observed between the two groups at baseline. While, a clear clustering was shown after intervention, and the yogurt group had significantly different metabolic status from the milk. The metabolites that contributed mostly to class separation were identified, and involved into pathway analysis. Pathways on amino acids metabolism, fatty acid oxidation, cholesterol catabolism and choline metabolism significantly changed after yogurt intervention. The study revealed the integrated metabolic alterations in response to yogurt via two metabolomics approaches, suggesting the potential mechanisms of yogurt against metabolic disorders.
Effects of partly replacing dietary starch with fiber and fat on milk production and energy partitioning; The effects of partly replacing dietary starch with fiber and fat to provide a diet with similar net energy for lactation (NEL) density on yields of milk and milk components and on energy partitioning were evaluated in a crossover design experiment. Holstein cows (n = 32; 109 +/- 22 d in milk, mean +/- standard deviation) were randomly assigned to treatment sequence. Treatments were a high-starch diet containing 33% corn grain (mixture of dry ground and high-moisture corn; HS) or a high-fiber, high-fat diet containing 2.5% palmitic acid-enriched fatty acid (FA) supplement (HFF). Diets contained corn silage, alfalfa silage, and wheat straw as forage sources; HS contained 32% starch, 3.2% FA, and 25% neutral detergent fiber, whereas HFF contained 16% starch, 5.4% FA, and 33% neutral detergent fiber. Compared with HS, the HFF treatment reduced milk yield, milk protein concentration, and milk protein yield, but increased milk fat concentration, milk fat yield, milk energy output, and milk to feed ratio (energy-corrected milk/dry matter intake). The HFF treatment reduced the yield of de novo synthesized (<16-carbon) milk FA and increased the yield of 16-carbon milk FA. Yield of preformed (>16-carbon) milk FA was not different. The HFF treatment increased plasma concentrations of triglycerides and nonesterified fatty acids, but decreased plasma concentration of insulin. Compared with HS, the HFF treatment reduced body weight gain, change in body condition score, and fat thickness over the rump and rib. Calculated body energy gain, as a fraction of NEL use, was less for HFF than HS, whereas milk energy as a fraction of NEL use was increased for HFF. We concluded that the 2 treatments resulted in similar apparent NEL densities and intakes, but the HS treatment partitioned more energy toward body gain whereas the HFF treatment partitioned more energy toward milk. A high-fiber, high-fat diet might diminish the incidence of over conditioning in mid-lactation cows while maintaining high milk production.
Application of a bacteriological on-farm test to reduce antimicrobial usage in dairy cows with purulent vaginal discharge; The objective of this study was to assess the effect of a selective antibiotic treatment strategy based on a quick bacteriological on-farm test (Petrifilm, 3M Corp., St.. Paul, MN) compared with the conventional antibiotic treatment of all cows having clinical endometritis (CE) defined by the presence of purulent vaginal discharge on both clinical cure rate and reproductive performance. The study was simultaneously conducted with dairy cows reared under a highly supplemented rotational grazing system in Argentina and in a freestall system in Slovakia. Cows having an abnormal vaginal discharge (VD, indicative of clinical endometritis) on 21 to 35 d in milk (DIM) were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 study groups: selective treatment (ST) or conventional treatment (CT). All cows in the CT group (n = 174) received a single intrauterine administration of 500 mg of cephapirin. In the ST group (n = 178), treatment decision was made according to the results of the bacteriological on-farm test. For this test, we collected intrauterine samples with the cytobrush technique and stroke the brushes onto 2 different. Petrifilm plates, one for aerobic count and another for Enterobacteriaceae count, incubated the plates, and counted the number of colonies after 24 h. Positive cows (>= 5 colonies in one or both plates) received a single intrauterine treatment with 500 mg of cephapirin, whereas negative cows (<5 colonies) remained untreated. Clinical cure rate was assessed by direct vaginal inspection at 14 d after treatment (VD-0). The odds for conception at first artificial insemination, artificial insemination by 80 DIM, pregnancy by 100 DIM, and for nonpregnancy by 200 DIM were estimated with mixed logistic. regression models. The hazard of conception was also assessed with proportional hazard regression model. The selective antibiotic treatment strategy based on the outcome of Petrifilm test reduced the number of required treatments (57%) and maintained similar efficacy in terms of clinical cure and reproductive performance as the conventional antibiotic treatment of all endometritic cows.
Opposite effects of low-carbohydrate high-fat diet on metabolism in humans and mice; Background Low-carbohydrate diet (LCD) is effective for weight loss and glycaemic control in humans. Here, the study aimed to explore the effects of LCD/high-fat diet (HFD) in both humans and mice. Methods Twenty-two overweight or obese participants received LCD for 3 weeks. Based on carbohydrate intake > 10% or <= 10% of calories, the participants were divided into moderate LCD (MLCD) and very LCD (VLCD) groups. The participants completed a 10-question food preference survey. Meanwhile, C57BL/6J mice were assigned to five groups: chow diet (CD, 10% fat), HFD with 60%, 70%, and 75% fat from cocoa butter (HFD-C), and HFD with 60% fat from lard (HFD-L) and fed for 24 weeks. Eight mice were acclimatised for the food-choice test. Results LCD decreased the total energy intake in humans. The VLCD group showed greater weight loss and better glycaemic control than the MLCD group. A food preference survey showed that 65% of participants tended to choose high-carbohydrate foods. In mice, HFD resulted in energy overconsumption, obesity, and metabolic disorders. When CD and HFD-L were administered simultaneously, mice rarely consumed CD. In the HFD-C groups, the energy intake and body weight increased with increasing dietary fat content. Compared with the HFD-C group, the HFD-L group consumed more energy and had poorer metabolism. Conclusions Lower carbohydrate intake contributed to lower energy intake and improved metabolism in humans. In mice, diets with a higher proportion of fat become more attractive and obesogenic by fixing the fat sources. Since the mice preferred lard to cocoa butter, lard induced excess energy intake and poorer metabolism. Different food preferences may be the underlying mechanism behind the opposite effects of the LCD/HFD in humans and mice. Trial registration The clinical trial was registered with the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (www.chictr.org.cn). The registration number is ChiCTR1800016786. All participants provided written informed consent prior to enrolment.
Whey protein supplementation 2 hours after a lower protein breakfast restores plasma essential amino acid availability comparable to a higher protein breakfast in overweight adults; Amino acids from meals peak in the plasma at similar to 180 minutes postprandial. Conversely, amino acids from rapidly digestible whey protein appear in the plasma within 15 minutes and peak at 60 minutes postprandial. Therefore, we hypothesized that consuming a 20-g whey protein snack 2 hours after a standard mixed-macronutrient, lower protein breakfast (10 g) would result in peak and composite postprandial plasma essential amino acid (EAA) responses that were not different from consuming a 30-g protein breakfast alone. Using a randomized, crossover design, 12 subjects (6 men, 6 women; age: 29 +/- 1 y; BMI: 26.0 +/- 1.0 kg/m(2); mean +/- SE) completed three 330-minute trials in which they consumed breakfasts containing (i) 10 g of protein (10-PRO, control), (ii) 30 g of protein (30-PRO), and (iii) 10 g of protein followed by 20 g of whey protein isolate 120 minutes later (10/20-PRO). For both 30-PRO and 10/20-PRO, EAA peaked 180 minutes after breakfast, with greater peak concentrations for 10/20-PRO than 30-PRO (Tukey adjusted, P < .0001). Essential amino acid positive incremental areas under the curve (iAUCpos) over 300 minutes were not different between 30-PRO and 10/20-PRO. Consuming a rapidly digested whey protein snack 2 hours after a slowly digested, lower protein breakfast resulted in a greater peak plasma EAA concentration but comparable plasma EAA availability than consuming a single higher protein breakfast. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Muscle p70S6K phosphorylation in response to soy and dairy rich meals in middle aged men with metabolic syndrome: a randomised crossover trial; Background: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is the primary regulator of muscle protein synthesis. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is characterized by central obesity and insulin resistance; little is known about how MetS affects the sensitivity of the mTOR pathway to feeding.
High-Fructose Corn-Syrup-Sweetened Beverage Intake Increases 5-Hour Breast Milk Fructose Concentrations in Lactating Women; This study determined the effects of consuming a high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS)-sweetened beverage on breast milk fructose, glucose, and lactose concentrations in lactating women. At six weeks postpartum, lactating mothers (n = 41) were randomized to a crossover study to consume a commercially available HFCS-sweetened beverage or artificially sweetened control beverage. At each session, mothers pumped a complete breast milk expression every hour for six consecutive hours. The baseline fasting concentrations of breast milk fructose, glucose, and lactose were 5.0 +/- 1.3 mu g/mL, 0.6 +/- 0.3 mg/mL, and 6.8 +/- 1.6 g/dL, respectively. The changes over time in breast milk sugars were significant only for fructose (treatment x time, p < 0.01). Post hoc comparisons showed the HFCS-sweetened beverage vs. control beverage increased breast milk fructose at 120 min (8.8 +/- 2.1 vs. 5.3 +/- 1.9 mu g/mL), 180 min (9.4 +/- 1.9 vs. 5.2 +/- 2.2 mu g/mL), 240 min (7.8 +/- 1.7 vs. 5.1 +/- 1.9 mu g/mL), and 300 min (6.9 +/- 1.4 vs. 4.9 +/- 1.9 mu g/mL) (all p < 0.05). The mean incremental area under the curve for breast milk fructose was also different between treatments (14.7 +/- 1.2 vs. 2.60 +/- 1.2 mu g/mL x 360 min, p < 0.01). There was no treatment x time interaction for breast milk glucose or lactose. Our data suggest that the consumption of an HFCS-sweetened beverage increased breast milk fructose concentrations, which remained elevated up to five hours post-consumption.
Daily supplementation of dietary protein improves the metabolic effects of GLP-1-based pharmacotherapy in lean and obese rats; Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) is an incretin hormone released from intestinal L-cells in response to food entering into the gastrointestinal tract. GLP-1-based pharmaceuticals improve blood glucose regulation and reduce feeding. Specific macronutrients, when ingested, may trigger GLP-1 secretion and enhance the effects of systemic sitagliptin, a pharmacological inhibitor of DPP-IV (an enzyme that rapidly degrades GLP-1). In particular, macronutrient constituents found. in dairy foods may act as potent secretagogues for GLP-1, and acute preclinical trials show that ingestion of dairy protein may represent a promising adjunct behavioral therapy in combination with sitagliptin. To test this hypothesis further, chow-maintained or high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obese rats received daily IP injections of sitagliptin (6 mg/kg) or saline in combination with a twice-daily 8 ml oral gavage of milk protein concentrate (MPC; 80/20% casein/whey; 0.5 kcal/ml), soy protein (non-dairy control; 0.5 kcal/ml) or 0.9% NaCl for two months. Food intake and body weight were recorded every 24-48 h; blood glucose regulation was examined at baseline and at 3 and 6.5 weeks via a 2 h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT; 25% glucose; 2 g/kg). MPC and soy protein significantly suppressed cumulative caloric intake in IIFD but not chow-maintained rats. AUC analyses for OGTT show suppression in glycemia by sitagliptin with MPC or soy in chow- and HFD-maintained rats, suggesting that chronic ingestion of dairy or soy proteins may augment endogenous GLP-1 signaling and the glycemic- and food intake -suppressive effects of DPP-IV inhibition.
Association of branched chain fatty acids with cardiometabolic disorders in humans: a systematic review; Context Despite advances in treatments for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity, the increasing frequency of these conditions is of major clinical and public health concern. Therefore, primary prevention including diet and lifestyle approaches continues to play a key role in risk reduction. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies have documented inverse associations of dairy consumption with the incidence of different cardiometabolic disorders. Dairy is the largest dietary contributor of branched chain fatty acids (BCFAs), which have been suggested to not only serve as biomarkers of dairy consumption but may also have bioactive properties contributing to reducing the risk of cardiometabolic outcomes. To date, however, the literature on this topic has not been systematically reviewed. Objective The aim here was to report the results of a systematic review of the association of BCFAs with cardiometabolic disorders in humans. Data Sources Search terms were developed and run through the Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases. Data Extraction Articles were selected on the basis of prespecified inclusion criteria and assessed for risk of bias by independent reviewers. Results Four studies (n = 2 cross sectional; n = 1 randomized feeding trial and n = 1 pre-post study) were identified. Two studies reported significant inverse associations between serum BCFAs and insulin resistance, triglycerides and/or body mass index. One study identified an inverse association between adipose tissue monomethyl BCFAs and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. In contrast, the randomized feeding trial reported no significant differences to stool BCFA concentrations or body mass index in obese participants following assignment to fruit-vegetable or whole-grain diet groups compared with a refined-grain control group. Conclusions Current evidence suggests beneficial associations of circulating BCFAs with cardiometabolic risk phenotypes, although data in human participants are limited, indicating that additional research is required. PROSPERO registration no CRD42021224975.
Within-day protein distribution does not influence body composition responses during weight loss in resistance-training adults who are overweight; Background: Emerging research suggests that redistributing total protein intake from 1 high-protein meal/d to multiple moderately high-protein meals improves 24-h muscle protein synthesis. Over time, this may promote positive changes in body composition.
Is the onset of obesity in suckling fa/fa rats linked to a potentially larger milk intake?; We wanted to find out whether fatty (fa/fa) sucklings show abnormal intake when given access to an abundant milk reservoir. To do this, we gravimetrically determined the milk ingested by small groups (4-5 pups) of 5- to 15-day-old lean (+/fa) and fatty littermates allowed to suckle for 30 min after their mother had not been nursing for periods of between 1 and 7 h. The pups were grouped randomly and their phenotypes retrospectively identified. Within both genotypes, the intakes of simultaneously tested pups were significantly higher in pups deprived for longer periods. Deprived and undeprived fa/fa pups ingested, however, slightly but significantly less milk than +/fa littermates did in the same nursing bout. In the first 2 wk of life, when fa/fa pups deposit nearly twice as much body fat as their +/fa littermates do, fa/fa pups will thus suckle less rather than more milk. This extends previous findings showing that the onset of fa/fa obesity is independent of larger intakes and thus questions that fa impairs a receptor primarily controlling food intake.
Effect of different level of roughage availability and contrast levels of concentrate supplementation on flavour of goat milk; Rancid and tart flavours are the most common off-flavours in Norwegian goat milk. In a feeding trial, we examined the effects of different levels of concentrate and of supplementary hay feeding on the occurrence of these off-flavours. Forty-eight experimental goats grazed cultivated pasture in the lowland during spring and autumn, and mountain pasture in summer. Twenty-four of the goats were fed 0.2 kg/day of concentrate (low concentrate, LC) and the remaining 24 goats 0.7 kg/day (high concentrate, HQ. Twelve animals in LC and HC groups grazed freely, while the remaining goats in the two groups were given feeding challenges (limited periods of roughage restriction and ad libitum hay feeding). This was done to examine the effect of differing roughage availability on milk flavour. The animals fed low level of concentrate and with free grazing represented the control group. During the challenge periods, the goats were kept indoors and fed 0.2 ka hay/day for 2 days (roughage restriction) or hay according to appetite for 2 days (ad libitum feeding). At least 10 days of uninterrupted grazing were allowed between the challenges. Milk samples for sensory and chemical analysis were taken at the end of the challenge periods.
Influence of dietary plant oils on mammary lipogenic enzymes and the conjugated linoleic acid content of plasma and milk fat of lactating goats; A feeding experiment with 15 lactating goats and 3 dietary treatments was conducted to investigate supplementation of safflower or linseed oil on milk production and the fatty acid (FA) profile of blood plasma and milk, and to measure the mRNA abundance of stearyl CoA desaturase (SCD), lipoprotein lipase (LPL), acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) and fatty acid synthase (FAS) in mammary biopsies. Goats were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups with five goats per treatment consisting of a basal diet supplemented with chopped alfalfa hay at a level of 299.9 g/kg (dry matter (DM) basis) as the control (CON): CON diet mixed with safflower oil (50 g/kg of TMR DM) as a source of C-18:2 (SO) or linseed oil (50 g/kg of TMR DM) as a source of C-18:3 (LO). The experiment lasted 8 wks which included a 2 wk adjustment period. Milk fat yield (P<0.01) and milk fat content (P<0.01) increased with oil supplementation, and oil supplemented TMR increased concentrations of glucose and triglyceride (TG) in blood plasma. While supplementing oils decreased the proportion of short- to medium-chain FA, they increased the C18 unsaturated FA including conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) in plasma and in milk. The SO and LO treatments increased the mRNA abundances of both SCD and LPL Oil supplementation is a useful way to alter the milk fat and FA profile of goat milk. An increase in the fat content of goat milk due to the supplemented oils was accompanied by increased LPL and abundance of ACC mRNA. Induction of a substantial increase of CLA in milk by supplementing these oils suggests that they may have an effect on some mammary lipogenic enzymes. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Body condition score and peripartum energy density on performance of dairy goats; The objective of this trial was to evaluate the effect of body condition score (BCS) and different dietary net energy (NE) levels during prepartum on performance and concentration of plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in early lactating dairy goats. Animals (four replicates per treatment) were assigned to a completely randomized design in a 2 x 3 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments (two BCS, three levels of prepartum NE and two levels of postpartum NE). In the beginning of the trial, animals were separated in two groups according to the BCS assuming 3.25 as the average BCS value. Net energy levels during prepartum were: 1.1, I.A and 1.6 Mcal NE/kg DM while at postpartum the values were: 1.4 and 1.6 Meal NE/kg DM. The interaction between BCS and postpartum NE was significant for NDF intake because goats with lower BCS increased fiber intake when NE was reduced in the diet. Levels of dietary net energy during the postpartum affected both intake and milk yield. There were no effects of dietary NE level and BCS on plasma concentration of NEFA during the postpartum period indicating low mobilization of lipids from adipose tissue.
Effects of calcium and dairy on body composition and weight loss in African-American adults; Objective: Our objective was to determine the effects of dairy consumption on adiposity and body composition in obese African Americans.
Effect of Roasted Soybean and Canola Seeds on Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptors Gamma (<i>PPARG</i>) Gene Expression and Cattle Milk Characteristics; The aim of this research was to investigate the changes in milk yield and its composition, fatty acid profile and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors gamma (PPARG) gene expression in adipose tissue of Iranian Holstein cattle in response to feeding isonitrogenous and isocaloric diets but formulated based on different oilseeds (soybean or canola seeds). Twenty cows were tested randomly with experimental diets. Sampling from subcutaneous adipose tissue was performed. Moreover, fatty acid composition was analyzed, total RNA was isolated, cDNA synthesized and samples were amplified. SPSS 16.0, LinRegPCR and REST software were used to analyze real-time polymerase chain reaction results of gene expression. The amount of PPARG gene expression in the adipose tissue for canola seed treatment, in comparison with the soybean seed was higher. The milk production, 4% fat corrected milk, fat percentage, milk urea nitrogen and body condition score between two treatments was significant (P<0.05). The results showed that the amount of some fatty acids extracted from adipose tissue was changed by altering the diet. As, for C16:1, C18:0 and C18:3t fatty acids, there was a significant effect between the two treatments (P<0.05). In general, the PPARG gene expression was not significant in canola that can be due to the similarity of most of the fatty acids between canola and soybean, and the similarity and nutrient balance of the diet. Therefore, canola seed can be a good option for dairy cattle diet due to high levels of fat and protein and lower prices than soybean seed. It can also be used to improve milk, with the effect of feeding on the fatty acid composition of the milk.
Placement and promotion strategies to increase sales of healthier products in supermarkets in low-income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The greater presence of supermarkets in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods has the potential to positively affect diet quality among those at greatest risk of obesity. In-store marketing strategies that draw attention to healthier products may be effective, sustainable, and scalable for improving diet quality and health. Few controlled studies of in-store marketing strategies to promote sales of healthier items in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods have been conducted.
Selenium intakes and plasma selenium of New Zealand toddlers: secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial; Little is known about Se intakes and status in very young New Zealand children. However, Se intakes below recommendations and lower Se status compared with international studies have been reported in New Zealand (particularly South Island) adults. The Baby-Led Introduction to SolidS (BLISS) randomised controlled trial compared a modified version of baby-led weaning (infants feed themselves rather than being spoon-fed), with traditional spoon-feeding (Control). Weighed 3-d diet records were collected and plasma Se concentration measured using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). In total, 101 (BLISS n 50, Control n 51) 12-month-old toddlers provided complete data. The OR of Se intakes below the estimated average requirement (EAR) was no different between BLISS and Control (OR: 0 center dot 89; 95 % CI 0 center dot 39, 2 center dot 03), and there was no difference in mean plasma Se concentration between groups (0 center dot 04 mu mol/l; 95 % CI -0 center dot 03, 0 center dot 11). In an adjusted model, consuming breast milk was associated with lower plasma Se concentrations (-0 center dot 12 mu mol/l; 95 % CI -0 center dot 19, -0 center dot 04). Of the food groups other than infant milk (breast milk or infant formula), 'breads and cereals' contributed the most to Se intakes (12 % of intake). In conclusion, Se intakes and plasma Se concentrations of 12-month-old New Zealand toddlers were no different between those who had followed a baby-led approach to complementary feeding and those who followed traditional spoon-feeding. However, more than half of toddlers had Se intakes below the EAR.
The Effect of Limiting Tapioca Milk Tea on Added Sugar Consumption In Taiwanese Young Male and Female Subjects; Tapiocamilk tea, themost popular beverage in Taiwan, is consumed a lot by Taiwanese which contributed to their daily sugar intake. Our study purpose is to investigate whether limiting intake of tapioca milk tea is useful for the control of sugar intake in Taiwanese. The study was conducted in questionnaires selected 38 subjects, 20-24 y, from 341 university students in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. Subjects were match-paired by sex, age, department, and randomly divided into two groups for cross-over design in which each group had 1 week with or without tapioca milk tea. Other beverages and foods were allowed freely in both periods. Each group member recorded their own daily sugary intake for two weeks and was confirmed by researchers the next day. The average sugar intakes with or without tapioca milk tea were similar between the two treatments (p > 0.05), 58.4 +/- 23.2 g/day and 56.5 +/- 22.2 g/day (glucose 25%, fructose 19%, sucrose 53%, lactose 3%). With or without tapioca milk tea, 85% of sugar intakes came from beverages. Even by limiting tapioca milk tea, the subjects took the same sugar amount from other beverages, suggesting that an established sugar intake level is hard to change.
Are there specific treatments for the metabolic syndrome?; The concept of the metabolic syndrome, although controversial, continues to gain acceptance. Whereas each risk factor of the metabolic syndrome (visceral obesity, atherogenetic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and dysglycemia) can be dealt with individually, the recommended initial therapeutic approach is to focus on reversing its root causes of atherogenetic diet, sedentary lifestyle, and overweight or obesity. No single diet is currently recommended for patients with the metabolic syndrome, although epidemiologic evidence suggests a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome associated with dietary patterns rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, dairy products, and unsaturated fats. We conducted a literature search to identify clinical trials specifically dealing with the resolution of the metabolic syndrome by lifestyle, drugs, or obesity surgery. Criteria used for study selection were English language, randomized trials with a placebo or control group (except for surgery), a follow-up lasting >= 6 mo, and a time frame of 5 y. We identified 3 studies based on lifestyle interventions, 5 studies based on drug therapy, and 3 studies based on laparoscopic weight-reduction surgery The striking resolution of the metabolic syndrome with weight-reduction surgery (93%) as compared with lifestyle (25%) and drugs (19%) strongly suggests that obesity is the driving force for the occurrence of this condition. Although there is no "all-inclusive" diet yet, it seems plausible that a Mediterranean-style diet has most of the desired attributes, including a lower content of refined carbohydrates, a high content of fiber, a moderate content of fat (mostly unsaturated), and a moderate-to-high content of vegetable proteins.
Randomised trial of coconut oil, olive oil or butter on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women; Introduction High dietary saturated fat intake is associated with higher blood concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), an established risk factor for coronary heart disease. However, there is increasing interest in whether various dietary oils or fats with different fatty acid profiles such as extra virgin coconut oil may have different metabolic effects but trials have reported inconsistent results. We aimed to compare changes in blood lipid profile, weight, fat distribution) and metabolic markers after four weeks consumption of 50g daily of one of three different dietary fats, extra virgin coconut oil, butter or extra virgin olive oil, in healthy men and women in the general population.
Consumption of a diet high in dairy leads to higher 15:0 in cholesteryl esters of healthy people when compared to diets high in meat and grain; Background and aims: A higher dairy product intake has been associated to higher blood concentrations of 15:0 (pentadecanoic acid), 17:0 (margaric acid), and 14:0 (myristic acid). This study investigates whether a diet high in dairy products influences cholesteryl ester fatty acid concentrations of these specific fatty acids (FA).
Intake of Milk with Added Micronutrients Increases the Effectiveness of an Energy-Restricted Diet to Reduce Body Weight: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial in Mexican Women; Background Micronutrient deficiencies have been associated with an increase in fat deposition and body weight; thus, adding them to low-fat milk may facilitate weight loss when accompanied by an energy-restricted diet.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk correlated to maternal age, education level, and occupational exposure; The aim of the present study is to determine whether levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk in the general population are associated with demographic parameters, socioeconomic status, lifestyle factors, and occupational exposure. Forty-six participants are randomly selected from healthy women recruited between April 2007 and April 2008 from local hospitals in southern Taiwan. Thirty PBDE isomers in breast milk are analyzed using a gas chromatograph with a high resolution mass spectrometer. The mean standard deviation of Sigma PBDEs in breast milk is 3.59 +/- 1.07 ng/g lipid. Our current value of Sigma PBDEs in breast milk is 0.7-fold lower compared to the past value in our previous study between 2000 and 2001. Higher levels of Sigma PBDEs might be significantly associated with older maternal age and maternal age of the present study is between 22 and 42 years old. Levels of Sigma PBDEs and certain PBDEs in breast milk are not correlated with maternal pre-pregnant BMI (Body mass index), parity, and lipid contents of breast milk. The Sigma PBDEs level in breast milk is lower in more educated women after controlling for age and pre-pregnancy BMI in our subjects. The main factors associated with Sigma PBDEs in breast milk are age and education level among the binary variables of demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle characteristics in this report. The exploratory relationships are found between PBDEs in breast milk and age, education level, or occupational exposure due to small sampling size. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dairy products and metabolic syndrome among Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program; The associations between frequency of low fat, high fat and total dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome (MS) occurrence were determined. In a cross-sectional survey, 9660 randomly chosen adults aged >= 19 years were selected in three districts of central Iran in 2007. Nutrition behaviours were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurement were collected. This study showed that the total dairy intake was inversely related to MS occurrence after full adjustment [odds ratio (95% confidence interval) 0.84 (0.70-0.96); P = 0.04]. However, there were no significant associations between low and high fat dairy and the occurrence of MS after full adjustment. Total dairy intake had an inverse association with systolic blood pressure, waist circumference and triglyceride and positive relationship with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials on the effect of a variety of dairy products on MS need to be conducted. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
<i>Trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid reduces milk fat content and lipogenic gene expression in the mammary gland of sows without altering litter performance; Trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) decreases milk fat synthesis in lactating sows and involves, at least in part, the down-regulation of lipogenic genes. The objective was to evaluate the effect of CLA on milk composition and lipogenic gene expression. Twenty multiparous sows were randomly assigned to one of the two treatments for 18 d (from day 7 to day 25 of lactation): (1) control (no CLA added) and (2) 1 % of CLA mixed into the ration. CLA treatment decreased milk fat and protein content by 20 % (P = 0 center dot 004) and 11 % (P = 0 center dot 0001), respectively. However, piglet weight did not differ between treatments (P = 0 center dot 60). Dietary CLA increased the concentration of SFA in milk fat by 16 % (P < 0 center dot 0001) and decreased MUFA by 17 center dot 6 % (P < 0 center dot 0001). In the mammary gland, CLA reduced gene expression of acetyl-CoA carboxylase-alpha by 37 % (P = 0 center dot 003), fatty acid synthase by 64 % (P = 0 center dot 002), stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 by 52 % (P = 0 center dot 003), lipoprotein lipase by 26 % (P = 0 center dot 03), acyl glycerol phosphate acyltransferase 6 by 15 % (P = 0 center dot 02) and diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 by 27 % (P = 0 center dot 02), whereas the expression of fatty acid binding protein 3 was not altered by CLA treatment (P = 0 center dot 09). Mammary expression of casein-beta and alpha-lactalbumin was reduced by CLA by 68 % (P = 0 center dot 0004) and 62 % (P = 0 center dot 005), respectively. Additionally, CLA had no effect on the expression of lipogenic genes evaluated in adipose tissue. In summary, CLA reduced milk fat content without negatively affecting litter performance and it affected mammary expression of genes involved in all lipogenic pathways studied.
Effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in patients with mild hypertension; Background Inhibition of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) is a widely used principle for the treatment of hypertension. Fermentation of milk proteins was shown to lead to the formation of peptides with ACE-inhibiting activity. Milk products with ACE-inhibiting peptides may provide a useful approach to prevent or treat hypertension. Aim of the study To investigate the effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects. Methods A randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind clinical trial in two parallel groups was performed. A total of 54 hypertensive patients received either 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides every morning or a control product for 12 weeks after a run-in period of 2 weeks. Previous in vitro tests of the whey powder demonstrated ACE-inhibitory activity. Blood pressure was measured at 0, 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks for analysis of metabolic and inflammatory variables. Results Resting systolic and diastolic blood pressure values did not change in the milk drink group 144.1 +/- 8.6/91.0 +/- 5.5 mmHg at baseline vs. 143.7 +/- 13.5/90.4 +/- 6.5 mmHg after 12 weeks. In the control group systolic (p = 0.0431) and diastolic (p = 0.0081) blood pressure was significantly reduced 140.6 +/- 11.7/90.3 +/- 5.8 mmHg at baseline vs. 137.0 +/- 14.4/87.7 +/- 6.6 mmHg after 12 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups at any time point. No changes were seen when the results of the 24-h continuous blood pressure monitoring were compared after 12 weeks. No significant changes were detected for circulating levels of selected inflammation markers (interleukin (IL)-6, C-reactive protein (CRP), number of leukocytes, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) as well as for metabolic variables (insulin, plasma glucose, and lipids). Conclusions The daily consumption of 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides was not found to reduce blood pressure and/or inflammation markers in mildly hypertensive subjects, although preceding in vitro tests showed a potent ACE-inhibition.
The effect of yogurt co-fortified with probiotic and vitamin D on lipid profile, anthropometric indices and serum 25-hydroxi vitamin D in obese adult: A Double-Blind Randomized- Controlled Trial; Vitamin D deficiency can be regarded as one of the overgrowing health problem in all of the world. Evidence from a clinical trial suggested a role for probiotic bacteria in increasing vitamin D. However, probiotic's effect is strain specific and this effect should be confirmed about different strains. The objective was to determine if yogurt fortification with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La-B5, Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D can be a complementary treatment for vitamin D deficiency(.) The end-points were vitamin D, cardio metabolic lipid profile, anthropometric indices (weight, height, waist, hip, fat mass, lean body mass) and dietary intake. A 10-week parallel-group, double-blind, randomized and controlled trial was conducted on 140 obese men and women. The participants were randomly allocated to receive 100 grams either 1) plain low-fat yogurt or 2) probiotic yogurt or 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt or 4) probiotic and vitamin D cofortified yogurt. All groups received low-calorie diet. Vitamin D increased significantly in group 4 (p = .008), group 3 (p = .001) and group 1 (p = .012 with no difference between groups. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the most effect size and showed a significant difference versus plain (p = .018) and probiotic yogurt (p = .002). Regarding lipid profile, there were no significant differences between groups. Data from this study does not support the hypothesis that yogurt fortified with probiotic bacteria, Lactobillus acidophilus La-5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb-12 either alone or in combination with vitamin D might impose any increasing effect on serum level of vitamin D in comparison with vitamin D-fortified yogurt.
Genome-Wide Association Studies Reveal Susceptibility Loci for Noninfectious Claw Lesions in Holstein Dairy Cattle; Sole ulcers (SUs) and white line disease (WLD) are two common noninfectious claw lesions (NICL) that arise due to a compromised horn production and are frequent causes of lameness in dairy cattle, imposing welfare and profitability concerns. Low to moderate heritability estimates of SU and WLD susceptibility indicate that genetic selection could reduce their prevalence. To identify the susceptibility loci for SU, WLD, SU and/or WLD, and any type of noninfectious claw lesion, genome-wide association studies (GWAS) were performed using generalized linear mixed model (GLMM) regression, chunk-based association testing (CBAT), and a random forest (RF) approach. Cows from five commercial dairies in California were classified as controls having no lameness records and >= 6 years old (n = 102) or cases having SU (n = 152), WLD (n = 117), SU and/or WLD (SU + WLD, n = 198), or any type of noninfectious claw lesion (n = 217). The top single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) were defined as those passing the Bonferroni-corrected suggestive and significance thresholds in the GLMM analysis or those that a validated RF model considered important. Effects of the top SNPs were quantified using Bayesian estimation. Linkage disequilibrium (LD) blocks defined by the top SNPs were explored for candidate genes and previously identified, functionally relevant quantitative trait loci. The GLMM and CBAT approaches revealed the same regions of association on BTA8 for SU and BTA13 common to WLD, SU + WLD, and NICL. These SNPs had effects significantly different from zero, and the LD blocks they defined explained a significant amount of phenotypic variance for each dataset (6.1-8.1%, p < 0.05), indicating the small but notable contribution of these regions to susceptibility. These regions contained candidate genes involved in wound healing, skin lesions, bone growth and mineralization, adipose tissue, and keratinization. The LD block defined by the most significant SNP on BTA8 for SU included a SNP previously associated with SU. The RF models were overfitted, indicating that the SNP effects were very small, thereby preventing meaningful interpretation of SNPs and any downstream analyses. These findings suggested that variants associated with various physiological systems may contribute to susceptibility for NICL, demonstrating the complexity of genetic predisposition.
Effect of increasing dietary calcium through supplements and dairy food on body weight and body composition: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; This meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials assessed the effect of Ca on body weight and body composition through supplementation or increasing dairy food intake. Forty-one studies met the inclusion criteria (including fifty-one trial arms; thirty-one with dairy foods (n 2091), twenty with Ca supplements (n 2711). Ca intake was approximately 900 mg/d higher in the supplement groups compared with control. In the dairy group, Ca intake was approximately 1300 mg/d. Ca supplementation did not significantly affect body weight (mean change (-0.17, 95% CI -0.70, 0.37) kg) or body fat (mean change (-0.19, 95% CI -0.51, 0.13) kg) compared to control. Similarly, increased dairy food intake did not affect body weight (-0.06, 95% CI -0.54, 0.43) kg or body fat change (-0.36, 95% CI -0.80, 0.09) kg compared to control. Sub-analyses revealed that dairy supplementation resulted in no change in body weight (nineteen studies, n 1010) (-0.32, 95% CI -0.93, 0.30 kg, P = 0.31), but a greater reduction in body fat (thirteen studies, n 564) (-0.96, 95% CI -1.46, -0.46 kg, P < 0.001) in the presence of energy restriction over a mean of 4 months compared to control. Increasing dietary Ca intake by 900 mg/d as supplements or increasing dairy intake to approximately 3 servings daily (approximately 1300 mg of Ca/d) is not an effective weight reduction strategy in adults. There is, however, an indication that approximately 3 servings of dairy may facilitate fat loss on weight reduction diets in the short term.
Effect of a transition diet on production performance and metabolism in periparturient dairy cows; The objectives of this study were to characterize the change in blood metabolites over time, and to evaluate the effect of dietary energy concentration on ketone body accumulation in periparturient cows. Twenty-eight multiparous Holstein cows were listed in order of their anticipated due dates and assigned randomly to 1 of 2 groups: with or without a transition diet. The control group received a nonlactating cow diet [ 1.54 Mcal/kg of net energy for lactation (NEL), 10.9% crude protein (CP), 53.1% neutral detergent fiber (NDF)] from 28 d before expected parturition, and a lactation diet (1.77 Mcal of NEL/kg, 16.8% CP, 29.9% NDF) after parturition. The treatment group received a transition diet (1.71 Mcal of NEL/kg, 16.8% CP, 35.2% NDF) from 17 d before parturition to 14 d after calving and was fed the same diets as cows in the control group during the third week of lactation. Blood from the coccygeal vein was sampled 3 times per week from 21 d before expected parturition to 21 d postpartum for analysis of glucose, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate, acetoacetate, acetone, and glycerol. There were no significant differences in dry matter intake, milk yield, milk components, body weight change, and body condition score change during the postcalving period. Plasma concentrations of different ketone bodies changed in parallel, stayed relatively constant precalving, peaked after parturition, and then decreased but remained high compared with concentrations late in gestation. Plasma concentrations of NEFA and glycerol changed in a pattern similar to those of the ketone bodies. Feeding a transition diet resulted in a greater area under the curve (AUC) for glucose in the last 17 d of gestation, but in no effect within the first 21 d in milk. Acetoacetate AUC was greater for treatment cows than for control cows across the first 21 d in milk. The AUC of NEFA and glycerol between d 15 and 21 postpartum were greater for treatment cows than for control cows. Feeding a transition diet both before and after parturition was associated with greater mobilization of adipose tissue and greater exposure to ketone bodies in early lactation compared with abruptly changing to a lactation diet after parturition.
Spectral analysis of heart rate variability and pulmonary responses to topical applications of a 2% aminophylline-based thigh cream; OBJECTIVE: Noninvasive assessment of the immediate and delayed cardiopulmonary response to a 2% aminophylline-based topical thigh reducing cream.
Eutectic Mixture of Local Anesthesia Cream Can Reduce Both the Radial Pain and Sympathetic Response During Transradial Coronary Angiography; Background and Objectives: Radial artery spasm is one of the most common complications of transradial coronary angiography (TRA): the radial artery is prone to cathecholamine-induced contraction and radial pain during TRA could increase the sympathetic tone. The object of this study was to evaluate whether the eutectic mixture of local anesthesia (EMLA) cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, could reduce the sympathetic response by reducing radial pain during TRA. Subjects and Methods: Seventy-six patients were randomized 1 : 1 to either EMLA or control groups. Radial pain was measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS) and the verbal rating scale (VRS-4). Sympathetic response, including systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), pulse rate (PR), stroke volume (SV) and total peripheral resistance (TPR), was measured by photoplethysmography. Results: Radial pain measured during lidocaine infiltration was significantly lower in the EMLA group (VAS: 3.1 vs. 4.0, p=0.04; VRS-4: 2.0 vs. 2.2, p=0.03) and the sympathetic response was significantly blunted in the EMLA group from baseline to lidocaine infiltration (Delta SBP, mm Hg: 5 vs. 13, p<0.01; Delta DBP, mm Hg: 2 vs. 7, p= 0.03; Delta PR, beat/min: 2 vs. 8, p<0.01, Delta SV, mL: 3 vs. 21, p<0.01; Delta TPR, mm Hg . L/min: 1.0 vs. 5.9, p<0.01). Conclusion: In patients undergoing TRA, the EMLA cream, in addition to lidocaine infiltration, effectively reduces the radial pain and thereby the sympathetic response, during lidocaine infiltration.
Longitudinal Profiling of the Tissue-Specific Expression of Genes Related with Insulin Sensitivity in Dairy Cows during Lactation Focusing on Different Fat Depots; In dairy cows the milk associated energy output in early lactation exceeds the input via voluntary feed intake. To spare glucose for mammary lactose synthesis, peripheral insulin sensitivity (IS) is reduced and fat mobilization is stimulated. For these processes a link between IS and the endocrine functions of adipose tissue (AT) is likely; we thus aimed to characterise the mRNA expression from bovine AT derived proteins and receptors that are related to IS according to the literature in metabolically active tissues plus systemic IS throughout lactation. Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reduce milk fat thus decreasing the milk drain of energy and potentially dampening lipolysis, but may also affect IS. Subcutaneous (s.c.) AT and liver from pluriparous cows receiving either control fat or CLA supplement (100 g/day from 1 to 182 days in milk each) were biopsied covering week -3 to 36 relative to parturition. In an additional trial with primiparous cows treated analogously and slaughtered on days in milk 1, 42 or 105, samples from liver, udder, skeletal muscle and 3 visceral and 3 s.c. AT were obtained and assayed for mRNA abundance of adiponectin, its receptors, leptin, leptin receptor, PPAR gamma, PPAR gamma 2, IL-6, and TNF-alpha. In pluriparous animals, the mRNA abundance of most of the target genes decreased after parturition in s.c. AT but increased in liver. In primiparous cows, AT depot specific differences were mostly related to retroperitoneal AT; adiponectin receptor 1 and TNF-alpha were affected predominantly. CLA effects in primiparous cows were largely limited to decreased PPARc2 mRNA abundance in udder tissue. In pluriparous cows, insulin secretion was increased by CLA resulting in decreased systemic IS but without consistent changes in tissue target mRNA abundance. The temporal gene expression profiles from the adipokines and related receptors support their coactive function in adapting to the needs of lactation.
Treatment with n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Overcomes the Inverse Association of Vitamin D Deficiency with Inflammation in Severely Obese Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Obesity affects the vitamin D status in humans. Vitamin D and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) provide benefit for the prevention of fractures and cardiovascular events, respectively, and both are involved in controlling inflammatory and immune responses. However, published epidemiological data suggest a potential interference of n-3 PUFA supplementation with vitamin D status. Therefore, we aimed to investigate in a randomized controlled clinical trial whether treatment with long chain n-3 PUFA affects vitamin D status in severely obese patients and potential interrelations of vitamin D and PUFA treatment with inflammatory parameters. Fifty-four severely obese (BMI >= 40 kg/m2) non-diabetic patients were treated for eight weeks with either 3.36 g/d EPA and DHA or the same amount of butter fat as control. Changes in serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH) D] concentrations, plasma fatty acid profiles and circulating inflammatory marker concentrations from baseline to end of treatment were assessed. At baseline 43/54 patients were vitamin D deficient (serum 25(OH) D concentration,50 nmol/l). Treatment with n-3 PUFA did not affect vitamin D status (P = 0.91). Serum 25(OH) D concentration correlated negatively with both IL-6 (P = 0.02) and hsCRP serum concentration (P = 0.03) at baseline. Strikingly, the negative correlations of 25(OH) D with IL-6 and hsCRP were lost after n-3 PUFA treatment. In conclusion, vitamin D status of severely obese patients remained unaffected by n-3 PUFA treatment. However, abrogation of the inverse association of 25(OH) D concentration with inflammatory markers indicated that n-3 PUFA treatment could compensate for some detrimental consequences of vitamin D deficiency.
Impact of a targeted direct marketing price promotion intervention (Buywell) on food-purchasing behaviour by low income consumers: a randomised controlled trial; Background Price promotions are a promising intervention for encouraging healthier food purchasing. We aimed to assess the impact of a targeted direct marketing price promotion combined with healthy eating advice and recipe suggestions on the purchase of selected healthier foods by low income consumers.
Effects of soy protein and isoflavones on glycemic control and insulin sensitivity: a 6-mo double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in postmenopausal Chinese women with prediabetes or untreated early diabetes; Background: In vitro and animal studies have suggested that soy protein and isoflavones have favorable effects on glucose and insulin regulation, but intervention studies in humans are limited, and the results are controversial.
Does Sex Affect Anticoagulant Use for Stroke Prevention in Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation? The Prospective Global Anticoagulant Registry in the FIELD-Atrial Fibrillation; Background-Among patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), women are at higher risk of stroke than men. Using prospective cohort data from a large global population of patients with nonvalvular AF, we sought to identify any differences in the use of anticoagulants for stroke prevention in women and men.
Yogurt improves insulin resistance and liver fat in obese women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Because consumption of conventional yogurt has beneficial effects in a healthy population, and insulin resistance (IR) is the mutual pathogenesis in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and metabolic syndrome (MetS), we hypothesized that yogurt would ameliorate IR in patients with NAFLD and MetS.
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; We investigated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low-Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross-over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49.5 (SD 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6.4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy-restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL-cholesterol, fasting HDL-cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL: TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL: LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat-free milk + 500 mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy-restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
Acute Metabolic Response in Adults to Toddler Milk Formulas with Alternating Higher and Lower Protein and Fat Contents, a Randomized Cross-Over Trial; Protein intake in early life influences metabolism, weight gain, and later obesity risk. As such, a better understanding of the effects of protein intake on the postprandial metabolism and its dynamics over time may elucidate underlying mechanisms. In a randomized crossover study, we observed fasted adults who consumed two isocaloric toddler milk formulas concentrated as meals of 480 kcal with 67 g of carbohydrates 30 g (HP) or 7 g (LP) protein, and 10 g or 20 g fat, respectively. Anthropometry and body plethysmography were assessed, and blood samples collected at baseline and over five hours. Time-specific concentrations, areas under concentration curves (AUC), and maximum values of metabolites were compared by paired t-tests to examine the effects of protein content of toddler milks on postprandial plasma concentrations of insulin, glucose, branched-chain amino acids (BCAA), urea and triglycerides. Twenty-seven men and women aged 26.7 +/- 5.0 years (BMI: 22.2 +/- 2.5 kg/m(2)) (mean +/- SD) participated. BCAA AUC, and Cmax values were significantly higher with HP than LP (144,765 +/- 21,221 vs. 97,089 +/- 14,650 mu mol center dot min/L, p < 0.001; 656 +/- 120 vs. 407 +/- 66 mu mol/L, p < 0.001), as were insulin AUC and Cmax values (6674 +/- 3013 vs. 5600 +/- 2423 mu mol center dot min/L, p = 0.005; 71 +/- 37 vs. 55 +/- 28 mu mol/L, p = 0.001). Higher glucose, urea, and triglyceride concentrations occurred in the late postprandial phase (>= 180 min) with HP. In conclusion, we noted that higher milk protein intake induces increased postprandial BCAA concentrations for at least 5 h and led to higher initial insulin secretion. Gluconeogenesis due to an influx of amino acids and their degradation after HP meal might explain the late effects of protein intake on glucose and insulin.
Hypoglycemic effect of camel milk powder in type 2 diabetic patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Fresh camel milk was widely accepted to help to prevent and control of diabetes, especially in Africa, Middle East, and cooler dry areas of Asia. In this study, type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled to supplement with 10 g of camel milk powder twice a day for 4 weeks (n = 14), cow milk powder served as the placebo (n = 13). It was found that camel milk supplement decreased fasting blood glucose, 2-hr postprandial blood glucose, serum content of total cholesterol, resistin, and lipocalin-2. There was also a significant increase in serum content of osteocrin, amylin, and GLP-1in camel milk group, indicating an improvement on adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Camel milk powder supplement significantly enriched the relative abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 and [Eubacterium]_eligens_group compared with cow milk after the 4-week intervention. This study suggested that camel milk powder can be used as a functional food help to treat type 2 diabetes.
Technological and nutritional aspects of milk chocolate enriched with grape pomace products; The French paradox is the observation of low heart disease death rates despite high intake of cholesterol and saturated fat, possibly related to the consumption of red wine containing polyphenols. Those are also found in pomace and affect health as radical catchers inhibiting cancer, inflammations and arteriosclerosis. European cocoa regulation allows incorporating up to 40% of added foodstuffs into chocolate, so grape pomace can be used. Cocoa itself is known as a very good source of phenolic compounds, and consequently dark chocolate is considered to have similar health benefits as red wine. Milk chocolates contain only little fat-free cocoa dry matter; therefore, grape pomace is considered most beneficial here. Entire pomace or flour from seeds have been tested to evaluate technical aspects as well as the impact on chocolate properties like particle size distribution, flow properties, total phenol content, antioxidative capacity and sensory perception. Initial trials revealed that additional drying and also pre-grinding was necessary before pomace can be used as an ingredient. Various samples were produced by the coarse conching process, which uses a ball mill for size reduction below 30 mu m. A difficulty arises when some tough particles slip through without being properly ground; D99-values can be used to better control this issue. Grape pomace contains almost as many polyphenols as cocoa liquor, so it can serve as a substitute. Its content and thus quality depends on gentle drying. Finally, adding, e.g., just 3.5% was able to significantly increase the polyphenol contents of milk chocolate.
Postprandial response of plasma IL-6 to isoenergetic meals rich in casein or potato singly and combined in obese women; Milk consumption decreases inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects. Casein is the major protein in milk and enhances the secretion of insulin that has anti-inflammatory activity. The aim of the present study was to compare the acute effect of meals rich in casein and carbohydrate and a combination of both nutrients on postprandial plasma concentrations of IL-6, a marker of inflammation, in obese women. A total of twenty-five obese women aged 38-68 years consumed isoenergetic meals rich in potato (POT) or casein (CA) or a combination of both these meals (POT + CA), in random order in a cross-over trial. After an overnight fast, blood samples were collected before and at 1 and 4 h after the meals and circulating concentrations of IL-6, glucose, insulin and NEFA were measured. Plasma IL-6 concentrations increased significantly (P < 0.001) during 4 h after the meals. The AUC of postprandial IL-6 concentrations was not significantly (P = 0.77) different among the meals. Postprandial serum insulin concentration AUC was significantly higher during the POT + CA meal compared with the POT meal (P = 0.001) and the CA meal (P < 0.05), which in turn was significantly higher than the POT meal (P < 0.05). These data show that while ingestion of CA alone or combined with POT acutely increases circulating insulin concentrations, it does not appreciably alter the postprandial increase in plasma IL-6 concentrations in obese women.
Dairy consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome: a meta-analysis; AimsTo conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies in order to assess quantitatively the effect of dairy consumption on risk of metabolic syndrome.
Acute effects of protein composition and fibre enrichment of yogurt consumed as snacks on appetite sensations and subsequent ad libitum energy intake in healthy men; The objective of the study was to assess the impact of protein composition and/or fibre enrichment of yogurt on appetite sensations and subsequent energy intake. In this double-blind crossover study, 20 healthy men (aged 32.4 +/- 9.1 years) were submitted to 5 randomized testing sessions, during which they had to consume 5 isocaloric and isonproteinemic yogurt snacks (120-g servings, similar to 230 kJ, similar to 4.5 g protein) differing by their casein-to-whey protein ratio (C: W) or dietary fibre content: (i) control C: W = 2.8: 1; (ii) high whey (HW) C: W = 1.5: 1, and fibre-enriched formulations using control; (iii) 2.4 g of inulin; (iv) 1.9 g of inulin and 0.5 g of beta-glucan (+ IN-beta G); and (v) 0.5 g of beta-glucan. Appetite sensations were assessed using 150-mm visual analog scales. Plasma variables (glucose, insulin, ghrelin) were measured at 30-min intervals post-yogurt consumption for 2 h. Finally, energy intakes during ad libitum lunches offered 2 h after yogurt snacks were recorded. None of the yogurts impacted appetite sensations. Ad libitum energy intake was significantly different only between HW and control yogurts (-812 kJ; p = 0.03). Regarding post-yogurt plasma variables, a significant difference was found only between ghrelin area under the curve of the + IN-beta G and the HW yogurts (-15 510 pmol/L per 120 min, p = 0.04). In conclusion, although appetite sensations were not influenced by variations in yogurts' protein compositions, a reduced energy intake was observed during the ad libitum lunch after the HW yogurt that may be attributable to its lower C: W. Surprisingly, the fibre enrichments studied did not exert effect on appetite sensations and energy intake.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial; Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52-55% carbohydrates, 16-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Taxation of unprocessed sugar or sugar-added foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes; Background
Plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 responses to ingestion of protein with increasing doses of milk minerals rich in calcium; A high dose of whey protein hydrolysate fed with milk minerals rich in calcium (Capolac(R)) results in enhanced glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) concentrations in lean individuals; however, the effect of different calcium doses ingested alongside protein is unknown. The present study assessed the dose response of calcium fed alongside 25 g whey protein hydrolysate on GLP-1 concentrations in individuals with overweight/obesity. Eighteen adults (mean +/- sd: 8M/10F, 34 +/- 18 years, 28 center dot 2 +/- 2 center dot 9 kgm(-2)) completed four trials in a randomised, double-blind, crossover design. Participants consumed test solutions consisting of 25 g whey protein hydrolysate (CON), supplemented with 3179 mg (LOW), 6363 mg (MED) or 9547 mg (HIGH) Capolac(R) on different occasions, separated by at least 48 h. The calcium content of test solutions equated to 65, 892, 1719 and 2547 mg, respectively. Arterialised-venous blood was sampled over 180 min to determine plasma concentrations of GLP-1(TOTAL), GLP-1(7-36amide), insulin, glucose, NEFA, and serum concentrations of calcium and albumin. Ad libitum energy intake was measured at 180 min. Time-averaged incremental AUC (iAUC) for GLP-1(TOTAL) (pmol center dot l(-1)center dot min(-1)) did not differ between CON (23 +/- 4), LOW (25 +/- 6), MED (24 +/- 5) and HIGH (24 +/- 6). Energy intake (kcal) did not differ between CON (940 +/- 387), LOW (884 +/- 345), MED (920 +/- 334) and HIGH (973 +/- 390). Co-ingestion of whey protein hydrolysate with Capolac(R) does not potentiate GLP-1 release in comparison with whey protein hydrolysate alone. The study was registered at clinical trials (NCT03819972).
Body condition score and plane of nutrition prepartum affect adipose tissue transcriptome regulators of metabolism and inflammation in grazing dairy cows during the transition period; Recent studies demonstrating a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving have challenged the management practice of increasing dietary energy density during the last similar to 3 wk prepartum. Despite our knowledge at the whole-animal level, the tissue-level mechanisms that are altered in response to feeding management prepartum remain unclear. Our hypothesis was that prepartum body condition score (BCS), in combination with feeding management, plays a central role in the peripartum changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Twenty-eight mid-lactation grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: 2 prepartum BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0, based on a 10-point scale; BCS4, BCS5) obtained via differential feeding management during late-lactation, and 2 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75 and 125% of estimated requirements). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was harvested via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction was used to measure mRNA and microRNA (miRNA) expression of targets related to fatty acid metabolism (lipogenesis, lipolysis), adipokine synthesis, and inflammation. Both prepartum BCS and feeding management had a significant effect on mRNA and miRNA expression throughout the peripartum period. Overfed BCS5 cows had the greatest prepartum expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS/V) and an overall greater expression of leptin (LEP); BCS5 was also associated with greater overall adiponectin (ADIPOQ) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), whereas overfeeding upregulated expression of proadipogenic miRNA. Higher postpartum expression of chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) and the cytokines interleukin 6 (IL6) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) was detected in overfed BCS5 cows. Feed-restricted BCS4 cows had the highest overall interleukin 1 (IL1B) expression. Prepartum feed restriction resulted in greater chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) expression. Overall, changes in mRNA expression were consistent with the expression pattern of inflammation-related miRNA. These data shed light on molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of prepartum BCS and feeding management on metabolic and inflammatory status of adipose tissue during the peripartum period. Data support the use of a controlled feed restriction prepartum in optimally conditioned cows, as well as the use of a higher level of dietary energy in under-conditioned cows.
Effects of supplemental chromium propionate and rumen-protected amino acids on nutrient metabolism, neutrophil activation, and adipocyte size in dairy cows during peak lactation; The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of chromium propionate (CrPr), rumen-protected lysine and methionine (RPLM), or both on metabolism, neutrophil function, and adipocyte size in lactating dairy cows (38 +/- 15 d in milk). Forty-eight individually fed Holstein cows (21 primiparous, 27 multiparous) were stratified by calving date in 12 blocks and randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments within block. Treatments were control, CrPr (8 mg/d of Cr, KemTRACE brand chromium propionate 0.04%, Kemin Industries Inc., Des Moines, IA), RPLM (10 g/d lysine and 5 g/d methionine intestinally available, from LysiPEARL and MetiPEARL, Kemin Industries Inc.), or CrPr plus RPLM. Treatments were fed for 35 d; blood plasma samples were collected on d 21 and 35 of treatment, and blood neutrophils were isolated from 24 cows for analysis of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) transcript abundance in the basal state and after 12 h of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) activation. Tailhead subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were collected on d 35 for measurement of adipocyte size. Plasma glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, and glucagon concentrations were unaffected by treatments, whereas plasma insulin concentration was increased by RPLM. Basal TNF alpha transcript abundance in neutrophils was not affected by treatment, but basal IL-1 beta transcript abundance was decreased by RPLM and tended to be increased by CrPr. After LPS activation, CrPr increased neutrophil TNF alpha transcript abundance. In addition, RPLM x parity interactions were detected for both TNF alpha and IL-1 beta abundance after LPS activation, reflecting enhanced responses in primiparous cows and attenuated responses in multiparous cows supplemented with RPLM. Adipocyte size was not affected by treatment. Supplemental CrPr and RPLM had minimal effects on metabolism when fed for 35 d near peak lactation but may modulate innate immune function in lactating dairy cows.
Self-Perceived Psychological Stress and Risk of First Stroke in Treated Hypertensive Patients; Objective We aimed to investigate the prospective association between self-perceived psychological stress and first stroke, and to examine possible effect modifiers among adults with hypertension. Methods A total of 20,688 hypertensive adults with information on self-perceived psychological stress at baseline were included from the China Stroke Primary Prevention Trial. Participants were randomly assigned to a double-blind treatment of receiving a single tablet daily with either 10 mg enalapril and 0.8 mg folic acid or 10 mg enalapril alone. Follow-up visits occurred every 3 months after randomization. Psychological stress was measured with a one-item 3-point rating scale. The primary outcome was first stroke (fatal or nonfatal). Results The median treatment period was 4.5 years. Compared with participants with low levels of psychological stress, those with high psychological stress had a significantly higher risk of first stroke (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.40, 95% confidence interval = 1.01 to 1.94) or first ischemic stroke (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.45; 95% confidence interval = 1.01 to 2.09). Moreover, a stronger positive relationship between psychological stress and first stroke was found in participants with time-averaged mean arterial pressure <101 mm Hg (median; p-interaction = .004) during the treatment period. However, our study did not find a significant association between psychological stress and first hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions Higher psychological stress was associated with an increased risk of first stroke among treated hypertensive patients, especially in those with lower mean arterial pressure during the treatment period.
Relationship between dietary calcium intake body mass index, and waist circumference in MABAT - the Israeli National Health and Nutrition Study; Background: It has been suggested that increased calcium intake plays a role in preventing obesity and promoting weight loss.
Food groups and risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and heart failure: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background: Despite growing evidence for food-based dietary patterns' potential to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, knowledge about the amounts of food associated with the greatest change in risk of specific cardiovascular outcomes and about the quality of meta-evidence is limited. Therefore, the aim of this meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups (whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages [SSB]) and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke and heart failure (HF).Methods: We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Embase up to March 2017 for prospective studies. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated using a random effects model for highest versus lowest intake categories, as well as for linear and non-linear relationships.Results: Overall, 123 reports were included in the meta-analyses. An inverse association was present for whole grains (RRCHD: 0.95 (95% CI: 0.92-0.98), RRHF: 0.96 (0.95-0.97)), vegetables and fruits (RRCHD: 0.97 (0.96-0.99), and 0.94 (0.90-0.97); RRstroke: 0.92 (0.86-0.98), and 0.90 (0.84-0.97)), nuts (RRCHD: 0.67 (0.43-1.05)), and fish consumption (RRCHD: 0.88 (0.79-0.99), RRstroke: 0.86 (0.75-0.99), and RRHF: 0.80 (0.67-0.95)), while a positive association was present for egg (RRHF: 1.16 (1.03-1.31)), red meat (RRCHD: 1.15 (1.08-1.23), RRstroke: 1.12 (1.06-1.17), RRHF: 1.08 (1.02-1.14)), processed meat (RRCHD: 1.27 (1.09-1.49), RRstroke: 1.17 (1.02-1.34), RRHF: 1.12 (1.05-1.19)), and SSB consumption (RRCHD: 1.17 (1.11-1.23), RRstroke: 1.07 (1.02-1.12), RRHF: 1.08 (1.05-1.12)) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There were clear indications for non-linear dose-response relationships between whole grains, fruits, nuts, dairy, and red meat and CHD.Conclusion: An optimal intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, dairy, fish, red and processed meat, eggs and SSB showed an important lower risk of CHD, stroke, and HF.
Positive perception of human stroking by lambs: Qualitative behaviour assessment confirms previous interpretation of quantitative data; Qualitative behaviour assessment (QM) was used to validate previous published interpretation whether human stroking has beneficial effects on lambs prematurely separated from their mothers. For a period of 8 weeks a familiar human (FH) subjected 22 Romane lambs to a gentling treatment based on strokes. At the age of 8 weeks each lamb was placed in the experimental pen and tested. Half of them received the gentling treatment (STROKE) for 8 min, and the others were simply exposed to the human presence for the same period of time (PRESENCE). Animals were equipped for heart rate recording and tests were video-recorded. These behavioural and heart rate variability data have been already published. A free choice profiling approach was used to instruct ten observers in qualitative behaviour assessment (QBA). Short video sequences of the tests were randomly presented and scored by the observers unaware of any information about the quantitative data recorded. QBA data were analysed using Generalised Procrustes Analysis (GPA). The GPA consensus profile explained a high percentage of variation among the 10 observers, and differed significantly from the mean randomised profile (P < 0.001). The two main dimensions of the consensus profile explained 42,3% and 18,0% of variation between the tested lambs. All of the interpretation word charts were semantically consistent and oriented to the same meaning despite the use of different descriptors. The most used descriptors to label the first dimension was characterised by descriptors ranging from "curious" (positive end) to "relaxed" (negative end), whereas the second dimension ranged from "indifferent" (positive end) to "sociable" (negative end). Lambs from group PRESENCE received significantly higher scores than group STROKED on the Dimension 2 (chi(2) =4.49, P < 0.05) and were therefore assessed as more indifferent. Conversely, the animals from group STROKED received significantly lower scores on Dimension 1, thus resulting more relaxed than group PRESENCE (chi(2)=4.48, P < 0.05). A principal component analysis showed meaningful relationships between quantitative and qualitative variables with variables indicating relaxation and positive emotions displaying high loadings on the negative end of axis 1, whereas variables showing a low level of arousal but less positive emotions were more related with the positive end of axis 2. In this study QBA confirms previous interpretations from quantitative behavioural and physiological data. In general, we can suggest QBA as a tool to help in the elucidation of quantitative physiological and behavioural data. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A comparison of the effects of A1 and A2 β-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adults; beta-Casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, A1 and A2. Epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein A1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. A biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein A2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein A1. We tested whether beta-casein A1 and A2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. In a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 mL of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein At and A2 variants. Duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. Mean (S.D.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3,73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/L after the At diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/L after the A2 diets. We found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein At or A2 exerted differential effects (P > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Whey Protein and Its Components Lactalbumin and Lactoferrin Affect Energy Balance and Protect against Stroke Onset and Renal Damage in Salt-Loaded, High-Fat Fed Male Spontaneously Hypertensive Stroke-Prone Rats; Background: Whey protein (WH)-enriched diets are reported to aid in weight loss and to improve cardiovascular health. However, the bioactive components in whey responsible for causing such effects remain unidentified.
Effects of margarine and butter consumption on distribution of <i>trans</i>-1 8:1 fatty acid isomers and conjugated linoleic acid in major serum lipid classes in lactating women; Trans FA (TFA) have at least one trans double bond and comprise several isomers and types, including many of the CLA (e.g., c9,t11-18:2 CLA). Some TFA may have adverse effects (e.g., cardiovascular disease), whereas some are thought to have beneficial effects (e.g., anticarcinogenicity). The presence of TFA in human tissues and fluids is related to dietary intake, although this relationship is not completely understood-especially in regard to serum lipid fractions. This study was conducted as part of an investigation designed to test the influence of butter (13), "low TFA" margarine (LT), and regular margarine (RM) on milk fat content. Here we tested the secondary hypothesis that consumption of B LT, and RM by lactating women would result in differential distribution of TFA and CLA in major serum lipid classes. Breastfeeding women (n = 11) participated in this randomized Latin-square study consisting of five periods: intervention 1 (5 d), washout i (7 d), intervention II (5 d), washout II (7 d), and intervention III (5 d). Extracted serum lipid was separated into cholesterol ester (CE), TAG, and phospholipid (PL) fractions and analyzed for total and isomeric TFA and CLA concentrations. Data indicate that TAG consistently contained the highest concentration of total t-18:1. No interaction between treatment and fraction was found for any of the t-18:1 isomers identified. Absolute concentration of each t-18:1 isomer was greatest during the RM period, regardless of fraction. On a relative basis, concentrations of t10-18:1 and t12-18:1 were most responsive to treatment in the CE fraction. The concentration of c9,t11-18:2 CLA was highest in the TAG fraction and lowest in the PL fraction, regardless of treatment. In summary, these results indicate (i) that there is a differential distribution of some isomeric TFA and CLA among human serum lipid fractions and (ii) that dietary TFA intake influences absolute and relative concentrations of some of the isomers in selected fractions.
Effect of Probiotic Soy Milk on Serum Levels of Adiponectin, Inflammatory Mediators, Lipid Profile, and Fasting Blood Glucose Among Patients with Type II Diabetes Mellitus; Probiotic therapies are going to be an effective alternative therapeutic strategy in the treatment and management of diabetes. The mechanism behind the essential effects of probiotic therapies in diabetic patients was not fully understood. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus planetarum A7 on inflammation, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, and serum adiponectin among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Forty patients with type 2 diabetes, at the age of 35-68 years old, were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. The patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing L. planetarum A7 and those in control group consumed 200 ml/ day of pure soy milk for 8 weeks. Serum TNF-alpha, C reactive protein, adiponectin, lipid profile, and fasting blood glucose were determined before and after intervention. In intervention group, serum adiponectin in pre-and post-treatment did not show any significant changes (2.52 +/- 0.74 vs 2.84 +/- 0.61, P = 0.658), as well as changes in serum TNF-alpha and C reactive protein (172.44 +/- 5.7 vs 172.83 +/- 7.6, P = 0.278, 4.2 +/- 1.4 vs 4.5 +/- 1.9, P = 0.765, respectively). Low-density cholesterol and high-density cholesterol changed significantly (P = 0.023, P = 0.017, respectively), but fasting blood glucose did not show any significant changes. The results of this study showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk and soy milk has no effect on serum adiponectin and inflammation, but it can change lipid profile among type 2 diabetic patients.
Metabolic responses to high carbohydrate breakfasts in obese patients with impaired glucose tolerance. Comparison of meals containing dairy products and fruits versus bread.; Carbohydrate (CHO) enriched diets can improve glucose tolerance in healthy subjects but have controversial effects in NIDDM patients. Their effects on glucose metabolism are not clearly established in obese patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and might depend on their glycemic index (GI). For that reason, we compared the metabolic responses to 2 isocaloric CHO rich breakfasts with either a low GI (LGI) or a high GI (HGI) in 10 lean healthy controls (group I) and in 9 obese subjects with IGT (group II). The LGI breakfast contained dairy products and fruits while the HGI breakfast was rich in bread. The 2 breakfasts were allocated in a random order and the metabolic and hormonal responses were evaluated both over the post-prandial periods of the breakfast and of the following lunch. Blood glucose concentrations were continuously monitored. Plasma insulin and counter regulatory hormones were measured every 30 min for 360 min. Nutrient oxidation rates were calculated from respiratory exchange data obtained for 60 min in the pre and post-prandial periods. Blood glucose responses and metabolic responses in terms of oxygen consumption and CO2 production were similar in the two groups after a LGI breakfast but became different after the HGI breakfast. In the two groups taken as a whole, changes in CHO oxidation rates observed for 1 hour following the meal, were negatively correlated with the corresponding incremental areas of plasma glucose, this effect being more marked in obese patients with IGT. Such a limitation in CHO oxidation following a HGI CHO load could impair the glycogen cycle and favour fat synthesis. Consequently, breakfasts rich in dairy products and fruits are more recommended in obesity with IGT than breakfasts rich in bread. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Inc.
Long-term dietary intervention trials: critical issues and challenges; Background: There are many challenges involved in running randomised controlled dietary intervention trials that investigate health outcomes. The aim of this paper was to evaluate the recruitment process, retention of participants and challenges faced in our dairy intervention trial, and to provide strategies to combat the difficulties of running long-term dietary intervention trials.
Effects of n-6 PUFAs compared with SFAs on liver fat, lipoproteins, and inflammation in abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Replacing SFAs with vegetable PUFAs has cardiometabolic benefits, but the effects on liver fat are unknown. Increased dietary n-6 PUFAs have, however, also been proposed to promote inflammation-a yet unproven theory.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> BNR17 Supplementation Reduces the Visceral Fat Accumulation and Waist Circumference in Obese Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 is a probiotic strain isolated from human breast milk. Animal studies reported that BNR17 inhibited increases in body weight and adipose tissue weights. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the antiobesity effects of BNR17 in humans. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 90 volunteers aged 20-75 years with body mass index (BMI) from 25 to 35kg/m(2) were randomized to receive a placebo, low-dose BNR (BNR-L, 10(9) CFU/day), or high-dose BNR (BNR-H, 10(10) CFU/day) for 12 weeks. Body weight, BMI, waist and hip circumferences, waist-to-hip ratio, abdominal adipose tissue areas, body fat mass, lean body mass, and biochemical parameters were assessed at the beginning and end of the trial. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) was significantly decreased in the BNR-H group compared with the placebo group (P=.038). Difference of VAT areas of the BNR-H group compared with the placebo group after 12-week consumption of BNR17 was significant (-21.6cm(2), P=.012). Waist circumferences were significantly decreased in both the BNR-L and BNL-H groups (P=.045 and .012, respectively) compared with the baseline values, but not in the placebo group. Biochemical parameters were not significantly different among the groups. These findings suggest that daily consumption of BNR17 may contribute to reduced visceral fat mass in obese adults.
Fermented Food and Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases: A Review; Fermented foods represent a significant fraction of human diets. Although their impact on health is positively perceived, an objective evaluation is still missing. We have, therefore, reviewed meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating the relationship between fermented foods and non-transmissible chronic diseases. Overall, after summarizing 25 prospective studies on dairy products, the association of fermented dairy with cancer was found to be neutral, whereas it was weakly beneficial, though inconsistent, for specific aspects of cardio-metabolic health, in particular stroke and cheese intake. The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect was for yoghurt on risk factors of type 2 diabetes. Although mechanisms explaining this association have not been validated, an increased bioavailability of insulinotropic amino acids and peptides as well as the bacterial biosynthesis of vitamins, in particular vitamin K2, might contribute to this beneficial effect. However, the heterogeneity in the design of the studies and the investigated foods impedes a definitive assessment of these associations. The literature on fermented plants is characterized by a wealth of in vitro data, whose positive results are not corroborated in humans due to the absence of RCTs. Finally, none of the RCTs were specifically designed to address the impact of food fermentation on health. This question should be addressed in future human studies.
A Six-Month Randomized Controlled Trial of Whole Soy and Isoflavones Daidzein on Body Composition in Equol-Producing Postmenopausal Women with Prehypertension; Objectives. This paper reported the effects of commonly used whole soy foods (soy flour) and purified daidzein (one of the major isoflavones and the precursor of equol) on changes in anthropometric measurements and body composition in a 6-month double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial among prehypertensive postmenopausal women who are also equol producers. Methods. 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three treatments: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) daily each for 6 months. Anthropometric indicators and body composition were measured before and after intervention. Results. 253 subjects completed the study with good compliance. Urinary isoflavones levels suggested good compliance of subjects with supplementation. Whole soy and purified daidzein had no significant effect on body weight, body mass index (BMI), waist and hip circumferences, waist to hip ratio (WHR), body fat percentage, fat mass, and free fat mass. Conclusion. Six-month consumption of whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosage had no improvement on body weight and composition compared with isocaloric milk placebo among prehypertensive equol-producing postmenopausal women. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01270737.
A randomized controlled- feeding trial based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans on cardiometabolic health indexes; Background: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommend nutrient needs be met by increasing fruit, vegetable, and whole-grain intake with the use of low-fat or fat-free dairy products and by reducing sodium, solid fats, and added sugars. However, the DGA, as a dietary pattern, have not been tested in an intervention trial.
French-fried potato consumption and energy balance: a randomized controlled trial; Background Epidemiologic observations suggest increased potato consumption correlates with weight gain, adiposity, and diabetes risk, whereas nut consumption is associated with weight control and metabolic health. Randomized controlled trial (RCT) data indicate humans respond to changes in energy intake in single dietary components and compensate for extra energy consumed. Objectives We completed an RCT testing whether increased daily potato consumption influences energy balance [specifically, fat mass (FM)] compared with calorie-matched almond consumption. Methods A 30-d RCT of 180 adults prescribed calorie-matched (300 kcal/d, n = 60 participants/group) than consumed 1 of the following: 1) almonds (almond group), 2) French fries (potato group), or 3) French fries with herb/spices mix (potato + herb/spices group). Baseline and 30-d FM were measured by DXA (primary outcome), with secondary outcomes including body weight and carbohydrate metabolism markers [glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose and insulin, HOMA-IR)]. A subset of 5 participants/group participated in a postprandial meal-based tolerance test. Results A total of 180 participants were randomly assigned [gender: 67.8% female; mean +/- SD age: 30.4 +/- 8.7 y; BMI (in kg/m(2)): 26.1 +/- 4.2; and weight: 75.6 +/- 15.4 kg], with 12 dropouts and 3 terminations. No significantly different FM changes were observed between almond and potato consumption [combined +/- herb/spices; mean +/- SE almond: 230.87 +/- 114.01 g; potato: 123.73 +/- 86.09 g; P = 0.443], fasting glucose (P = 0.985), insulin (P = 0.082), HOMA-IR (P = 0.080), or HbA1c (P = 0.269). Body weight change was not significantly different in the potato groups combined compared with the almond group (P = 0.116), but was significantly different among the 3 groups (P = 0.014; almond: 0.49 +/- 0.20 kg; potato: -0.24 +/- 0.20 kg; potato + herb/spices: 0.47 +/- 0.21 kg). In meal tests, significantly lower post-prandial glucose and insulin responses to almonds compared with potatoes were observed (P = 0.046, P = 0.006, respectively), with potato + herb/spices having intermediate effects. Conclusion There were no significant differences in FM or in glucoregulatory biomarkers after 30 d of potato consumption compared with almonds. Results do not support a causal relation between increased French fried potato consumption and the negative health outcomes studied. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03518515.
Consumption of dairy yogurt with the polysaccharide rhamnogalacturonan from the peel of the Korean citrus hallabong enhances immune function and attenuates the inflammatory response; The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of consuming dairy yogurt supplemented with rhamnogalacturonan (RG), a polysaccharide from the peel of the Korean citrus hallabong, on natural killer (NK) cell activity and circulating cytokine levels. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted on 120 nondiabetic and nonobese subjects. Over an eight-week period, the test group consumed one pack (150 mL) of dairy yogurt containing 50 mg of probiotics and 100 mg of hallabong peel polysaccharide (60% RG) each day, whereas the placebo group consumed the same product without the hallabong peel supplement. NK cell activity (%) was measured based on the ratios of the effector cells (E; peripheral blood mononuclear cells, PBMCs) from each participant relative to the target cells (T; K562 cells) at E : T ratios of 10 : 1, 5 : 1, 2.5 : 1, or 1.25 : 1. NK cell activities under all assay conditions and interleukin (IL)-12 and interferon (IFN)-gamma levels were significantly increased in the test group at eight weeks compared to the baseline values, whereas the placebo group showed a significant increase only in NK cell activity at E : T = 1.25 : 1. The test group had significantly greater increases in the changes in serum NK cell activity at the E : T ratios of 10 : 1, 5 : 1, and 2.5 : 1 and in the increases in IL-12 and IFN-gamma levels than were observed in the placebo group, after adjusting for baseline values. After eight weeks of treatment, significant reductions were found in IL-6 and IL-1 beta levels in both the placebo and test groups. The daily consumption of dairy yogurt supplemented with RG, a polysaccharide from the peel of the Korean citrus hallabong, enhanced NK cell function and attenuated pro-inflammatory cytokine levels.
Are School Employees Role Models of Healthful Eating? Dietary Intake Results from the ACTION Worksite Wellness Trial; Background Little is known about the dietary intake of school employees, a key target group for improving school nutrition.
Far-off and close-up dry matter intake modulate indicators of immunometabolic adaptations to lactation in subcutaneous adipose tissue of pasture-based transition dairy cows; The common practice of increasing dietary energy density during the close-up dry period (last similar to 3 wk prepartum) has been recently associated with a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving. Despite these reports, over-feeding of metabolizable energy (ME) during the far-off, nonlactating period is a common management policy aimed at achieving optimum calving body condition score (BCS) in pasture-based systems, as cows are generally thinner than total mixed ration cows at the end of lactation. Our hypothesis was that both far-off and close-up overfeeding influence the peripartum adipose tissue changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Sixty mid lactation, grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 groups that were managed through late lactation to achieve a low and high BCS (approximately 4.25 and 5.0 on a 10-point scale) at dry-off. The low BCS cows were then overfed ME to ensure that they achieved the same BCS as the higher BCS group by calving. Within each rate of BCS gain treatment, cows were offered 65, 90, or 120% of their pre-calving ME requirements for 3 wk pre-calving in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement of treatments (i.e., 10 cows/treatment). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative PCR was used to measure mRNA and microRNA expression of targets related to adipogenesis and inflammation. Cows overfed in the far-off period had increased expression of miR-143 and miR-378 prepartum (-1 wk) indicating greater adipogenesis, consistent with their rapid gain in BCS following dry-off. Furthermore, the lower postpartum expression of IL6, TNF, TLR4, TLR9, and miR-145, and a higher abundance of miR-99a indicated lower body fat mobilization in early lactation in the same group. In the close-up period, feeding either 65 or 120% of ME requirements caused changes in FASN, IL1B, IL6R, TLR9, and the microRNA miR-143, miR-155, and miR-378. Their respective expression patterns indicate a tentative negative-feedback mechanism in metabolically compromised, feed-restricted cows, and a possible immune-related stimulation of lipolysis in apparently static adipocytes in overfed cows. Data from cows fed 90% of ME requirements indicate the existence of a balance between lipolytic (inflammatory-related) and anti-lipolytic signals, to prime the mobilization machinery in light of imminent lactation. Overall, results indicate that far-off dry cow nutrition influences peripartum adipose tissue metabolism, with neither strategy negatively affecting the physiological adaptation to lactation. Furthermore, to ensure a favorable transition, cows should be subjected to a small feed restriction in the close-up period, irrespective of far-off nutritional management.
Diet in Acne: Further Evidence for the Role of Nutrient Signalling in Acne Pathogenesis; Recent evidence underlines the role of Western diet in the pathogenesis of acne. Acne is absent in populations consuming Palaeolithic diets with low glycaemic load and no consumption of milk or dairy products. Two randomized controlled studies, one of which is presented in this issue of Acta Dermato-Venereologica, have provided evidence for the beneficial therapeutic effects of low glycaemic load diets in acne. Epidemiological evidence confirms that milk consumption has an acne-promoting or acne-aggravating effect. Recent progress in understanding the nutrient-sensitive kinase mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) allows a new view of nutrient signalling in acne by both high glycaemic load and increased insulin-, IGF-1-, and leucine signalling due to milk protein consumption. Acne should be regarded as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization, like obesity, type 2 diabetes and cancer induced by Western diet. Early dietary counselling of teenage acne patients is thus a great opportunity for dermatology, which will not only help to improve acne but may reduce the long-term adverse effects of Western diet on more serious mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization.
Consumption of yogurt enriched with polar lipids from olive oil by-products reduces platelet sensitivity against platelet activating factor and inflammatory indices: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial; Background and aims: Several studies have reported the positive cardio-metabolic effects of yogurt consumption. The addition of olive oil's bioactive extracts into yogurt can result to a functional food with pleiotropic properties against cardiovascular diseases. A polar lipid extract of olive pomace (OOPLE) that contains platelet activating factor receptor (PAF-R) antagonists, has been stated not only to inhibit the development of atherosclerotic plaques in hypercholesterolemic rabbits but also to regress the already formed plaques. The present study aims to investigate the effect of the daily intake of an OOPLE-enriched low-fat yogurt, on the metabolic profile, ex vivo platelet aggregation and markers of thrombosis and inflammation, in healthy, mainly overweight volunteers.Methods and results: A randomized, three-arm, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, 8 weeks duration, clinical trial was performed in apparently healthy adults (35-65 years old). Group A (control group) consumed at most one yogurt every two weeks, Group B (plain yogurt) consumed one serving of plain yogurt every day and Group C (enriched yogurt) consumed one serving of yogurt, enriched with OOPLE, daily. Enriched yogurt intake resulted in lower levels of IL-10 and to lower platelet sensitivity against PAF, compared to the other two groups (p-values<0.05), while no impact on energy intake, body weight, glucose and lipid metabolism was detected. Lower levels of IL-6 were observed only at 4 weeks enriched yogurt intake (p = 0.03) compared to plain yogurt.Conclusion: Intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF-induced platelet aggregation and suppression of IL-10 levels. Registration number for clinical trials: NCT02259205.
Provision of shelter during the prepartum period: Effects on behavior, blood analytes, and health status in dairy cows in winter; This study aimed to assess the effect of shelter provision during the prepartum period on lying, ruminating, and feeding behavior in outdoor-housed dairy cows exposed to winter weather conditions in a temperate climate. We also aimed to determine whether shelter provision during the prepartum period influenced blood analytes related to energy metabolism, body cleanliness, and health status. In this study, 2 cohorts of 12 multiparous Holstein prepartum cows were tested in winter. Twenty-five days before their expected calving date, the cows in each cohort were paired and randomly assigned to an open paddock without shelter or to one with access to an artificial shelter until calving. Shelter use, lying time, number of lying bouts, duration of lying bouts, rumination time, and feeding time were continuously recorded during the 3 wk before calving. Cows were assessed weekly for body cleanliness throughout the 3-wk prepartum period. A blood sample was taken from the coccygeal vein of each cow at wk -3, -2, -1, 1, 2, and 3 relative to calving date, and were assayed for nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate, and haptoglobin concentrations. Cases of clinical health disorders after calving were also recorded. The cows spent 60% of their daily time in the shelters, and for 75% of that time they were lying down. Cows with access to shelter during the prepartum period lay down around 3.2 h/d more than cows without shelter on wk -3 and -2 relative to calving. The cows with shelter access spent less time feeding during the morning (wk -3: 29.7 min; wk -2: 12.1 min; wk -1: 17.3 min) and afternoon (wk -3: 18.2 min; wk -2: 21.9 min) than cows without shelter access. As well, cows with shelter access showed a higher body cleanliness score (similar to 92 vs. similar to 48%) and lower NEFA concentrations (wk -2: 0.27 vs. 0.44 mmol/L; wk -1: 0.46 vs. 0.64 mmol/L) in the precalving period, and lower haptoglo-bin concentrations in the first week postpartum (0.34 vs. 0.79 mg/mL) than cows without shelter access. We observed no treatment differences in daily rumination time, beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations, or postpartum health disorders. Despite the small number of dairy cows used in this study, these findings suggest that having access to a shelter during the prepartum period increases lying time, improves body cleanliness, and reduces adipose mobilization. Therefore, it is important to provide a protected area for the welfare of prepartum dairy cows exposed to winter climate conditions.
Randomised controlled trial of novel, simple, and well supervised weight reducing diets in outpatients; Objectives To investigate the contribution of novelty and simplicity to compliance with a low energy diet among obese outpatients.
Effects of high-quality protein supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with metabolic diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Uncertainties still existed about the effect of high-quality protein supplementation on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, although high-quality proteins such as soy and milk proteins have proposed to be beneficial for cardiometabolic health. Methods: A systematic search in PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and Embase was conducted to quantify the impact of high-quality protein on CVD risk factors. Results: 63 RCTs on 4 types of high-quality protein including soy protein, milk protein, whey, and casein were evaluated. Soy protein supplementation decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP, -1.42 [-2.68, -0.17] mmHg), total cholesterol (TC, -0.18 [-0.30, -0.07] mmol/L), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C, -0.16 [-0.27, -0.05] mmol/L). Milk protein supplementation decreased SBP (-2.30 [-3.45, -1.15] mmHg) and total cholesterol (-0.27 [-0.51, -0.03] mmol/L). Whey supplementation decreased SBP (-2.20 [-3.89, -0.51] mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (DBP, -1.07 [-1.98, -0.16] mmHg), triglycerides (-0.10 [-0.17, -0.03] mmol/L), TC (-0.18 [-0.35, -0.01] mmol/L), LDL-C (-0.09 [-0.16, -0.01] mmol/L) and fasting blood insulin (FBI, -2.02 [-3.75, -0.29] pmol/L). Casein supplementation decreased SBP (-4.10 [-8.05, -0.14] mmHg). In the pooled analysis of four high-quality proteins, differential effects were seen in individuals with different health status. In hypertensive individuals, high-quality proteins decreased both SBP (-2.69 [-3.50, -1.87] mmHg) and DBP (-1.34 [-2.09, -0.60] mmHg). In overweight/obese individuals, high-quality proteins improved SBP (-1.40 [-2.22, -0.59] mmHg), DBP (-2.59 [-3.20, -1.98] mmHg), triglycerides (-0.09 [-0.15, -0.02] mmol/L), TC (-0.14 [-0.22, -0.05] mmol/L), LDL-C (-0.12 [-0.16, -0.07] mmol/L), and HDL-C levels (0.02 [0.01, 0.04] mmol/L). According to the benefits on CVD risks factors, whey ranked top for improving cardiometabolic health in hypertensive or overweight/obese individuals. Conclusion: Our study supports a beneficial role of high-quality protein supplementation to reduce CVD risk factors. Further studies are still warranted to investigate the effects of different high-quality proteins on CVD risks in individuals with cardiometabolic disorders. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
EFFECT OF DIETARY ENERGY-SOURCE AND CONCENTRATION ON PERFORMANCE OF DAIRY-COWS DURING EARLY LACTATION; Eighteen Holstein heifers were placed into groups of 3 according to projected calving date, prepartum BW, and prepartum condition score. Following parturition, animals within each group were assigned randomly to one of three diets and remained on the experiment for 45 d. Diets consisted of forage:concentrate ratios of 72:28, 53:47, or 73:27 (isocaloric to the 53:47 ratio by addition of 8% soybean oil). Diets were fed twice daily as total mixed rations. Blood, rumen fluid, and adipose tissue  were sampled at -7, 5, 20, and 45 d of lactation. Performance means were, respectively: DM intake (kg/d) 13.9, 14.9, and 12.4; milk (kg/d) 24.5, 25.8, and 18.6; milk fat (%) 3.77, 3.59, and 3.62; milk protein (%) 3.03, 2.99, and 3.11; body condition score (0 = thin, 5 = fat) 1.53, 1.87, and 1.99; and BW (kg) 514, 523, and 505. Cows fed soybean oil had higher ruminal isoacids than those fed the other diets and higher acetate than cows on the 53:47 diet. Diets had no effect on blood metabolites or activity of adipose glycerol-P dehydrogenase (EC 1.1.1.8). The soybean oil diet reduced short-chain fatty acids and increased long-chain fatty acids in milk. Feed intake and milk production were highest for cows receiving the 53:47 diet. As expected, animals on the 72:28 diet did not consume adequate energy to maintain high production which concurrently resulted in lower body condition scores.
The effect of probiotic fermented milk that includes <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> CNCM I-2494 on the reduction of gastrointestinal discomfort and symptoms in adults: a narrative review; Aim: determine the effectiveness of fermented milk that included Bifidobacterium lactis CNCM I-2429 for reducing gastrointestinal (GI) discomfort in healthy adults.
Behavioral Activation for Comorbid Depression in People With Noncommunicable Disease in India: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Feasibility Trial; Background: The increasing burden of depression and noncommunicable disease (NCD) is a global challenge, especially in low-and middle-income countries, considering the resource constraints and lack of trained human resources in these settings. Effective treatment of depression in people with NCDs has the potential to enhance both the mental and physical well-being of this population. It will also result in the effective use of the available health care resources. Brief psychological therapies, such as behavioral activation (BA), are effective for the treatment of depression. BA has not been adapted in the community health care services of India, and the feasibility of using BA as an intervention for depression in NCD and its effectiveness in these settings have not been systematically evaluated. Objective: Our objective is to adapt BA for the Indian NCD context and test the acceptability, feasibility, and implementation of the adapted BA intervention (BEACON intervention package [BIP]). Additionally, we aim to test the feasibility of a randomized controlled trial evaluation of BIP for the treatment of depression compared with enhanced usual care. Methods: Following well-established frameworks for intervention adaptation, we first adapted BA (to fit the linguistic, cultural, and resource context) for delivery in India. The intervention was also adapted for potential remote delivery by telephone. In a randomized controlled trial, we will be testing the acceptability, feasibility, and implementation of the adapted BA intervention (BIP). We shall also test if a randomized controlled feasibility trial can be delivered effectively and estimate important parameters (eg, recruitment and retention rates and completeness of follow-up) needed to design a future definitive trial. Results: Following the receipt of approval from all the relevant agencies, the development of the BIP was started on November 28, 2020, and completed on August 18, 2021, and the quantitative data collection was started on August 23, 2021, and completed on December 10, 2021. Process evaluation (qualitative data) collection is ongoing. Both the qualitative and quantitative data analyses are ongoing. Conclusions: This study may offer insights that could help in closing the gap in the treatment of common mental illness, particularly in nations with limited resources, infrastructure, and systems such as India. To close this gap, BEACON tries to provide BA for depression in NCDs through qualified NCD (BA) counselors integrated within the state-run NCD clinics. The results of this study may aid in understanding whether BA as an intervention is acceptable for the population and how feasible it will be to deliver such interventions for depression in NCD in South Asian countries such as India. The BIP may also be used in the future by Indian community clinics as a brief intervention program. Trial Registration: Clinical Trials Registry of India CTRI/2020/05/025048; https://tinyurl.com/mpt33jv5 International Registered Report Identifier (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/41127
Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) administration to early-lactating dairy cows. I. Effects on signaling and indices of insulin action; Modern dairy cows rely on hormonally driven mechanisms to coordinate the metabolic adaptations needed to meet the energy and nutrient deficits of early lactation. In the case of glucose, dairy cows cope with its scarcity during early lactation via reduced plasma concentrations of insulin and the insulin sensitizing hormone adiponectin and increased insulin resistance. Reduced insulin action promotes diversion of available glucose to the mammary gland but increases susceptibility to diseases if excessive. In earlier work, we reported that the insulin sensitizing hormone fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF21) is increased in periparturient dairy cows and identified liver and adipose tissue as possible targets. These observations raised the possibility that FGF21 acts directly on these tissues to limit the insulin resistance of early lactation. To test this hypothesis, dairy cows were randomly assigned on d 12.6 +/- 2.2 (+/- standard error) of lactation to receive either excipient (n = 6) or recombinant human FGF21 (n = 7), first as an FGF21 bolus of 3 mg/kg of body weight, followed 2 d later by a constant i.v. infusion of FGF21 at the rate of 6.3 mg/kg of metabolic body weight for 9 consecutive days. Biopsies of liver and adipose tissue were collected during the bolus phase of the experiment and used to analyze FGF21 signaling by Western blotting and expression of its receptor components by quantitative PCR. Bolus FGF21 administration caused a 4-fold increase in p44/42 MAPK (ERK1/2) activation in adipose tissue but had no effect on AKT and signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) signaling. The liver expressed negligible levels of the preferred FGF21 receptor FGFR1c and failed to mount any FGF21 signaling response. The FGF21 administered as a bolus had no effect on plasma glucose or insulin and did not stimulate an acute release of adiponectin from adipose tissue. Similarly, FGF21 infusion had no effect on plasma levels of glucose or insulin measured over the 9-d infusion or on glucose disposal during an i.v. glucose tolerance test performed on d 8 of infusion. Finally, the chronic FGF21 infusion had no effect on indices of adiponectin production, including plasma adiponectin arid adipose tissue mRNA abundance of adiponectin and the endoplasmic reticulum chaperones ERO1A and DSBA-L involved in the assembly of adiponectin into multimeric complexes. These data show that human FGF21 does riot act as an insulin sensitizer during the energy and glucose deficit of early lactation but do not rule out such a role in other physiological states.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acid, acetate, and their interaction on adipose tissue lipid metabolism in nonlactating cows; During biohydrogenation-induced milk fat depression, adipose tissue lipogenesis may be increased through nutrients spared from milk fat synthesis. However, the direct effect of trans-10,cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and the indirect effect of spared nutrients on adipose tissue lipogenesis during milk fat depression is not clear. The objective of this study was to determine the direct effect of CLA, spared acetate, and their interaction on adipose tissue lipogenesis using nonlactating dairy cows as an experimental model, which allows separation of the effect of CLA and nutrient sparing. Eight ruminally cannulated, multiparous nonlactating and pregnant Holstein cows were randomly assigned to treatments in a 4 x 4 Latin square design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Factors were CLA and acetate, and treatments were control (CON), rumen acetate infusions (Ac; continuous infusion of 7 mol/d adjusted to pH 6.1 with sodium hydroxide), abomasal infusion of trans-10, cis-12 CLA (CLA; 10 g/d of both trans-10,cis-12 CLA and cis-9,trans-11 CLA), and Ac + CLA (Ac + CLA). Dry matter intake was not affected by Ac, but tended to decrease by CLA. Plasma trans-10,cis-12 CLA concentration as a percentage of fatty acids was increased by 0.3 percentage points by CLA. No treatment effect was observed on plasma glucose and beta-hydroxybutyrate, but an interaction was observed of CLA and Ac on plasma insulin and nonesterified fatty acids. Insulin was increased 24% by CLA, but not by Ac + CLA, and nonesterified fatty acids were increased 55% by Ac + CLA, but not by CLA alone. Lipogenesis and oxidation capacity of adipose tissue explants were not affected by treatments. Adipose expression of key lipogenic factors (peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2 and sterol response element binding protein 1c) were reduced by CLA, by the interaction of Ac and CLA (sterol response element binding protein 1c), and tended to be reduced with Ac (S14 and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 1). Expression of several adipose lipogenic enzymes (fatty acid synthase, acetyl-CoA carboxylase, and stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1) was reduced by CLA and Ac. An interaction was observed of Ac and CLA for fatty acid binding protein 4, which was decreased by Ac, but not Ac + CLA. In conclusion, in the nonlactating cow, adipose tissue is sensitive to the anti-lipogenic effects of trans-10,cis-12 CLA at the transcription level and acetate does not stimulate lipogenesis.
Premeal Low-Fat Yogurt Consumption Reduces Postprandial Inflammation and Markers of Endotoxin Exposure in Healthy Premenopausal Women in a Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Metabolic endotoxemia is associated with obesity and contributes to postprandial inflammation.
Heat-stress abatement during the dry period: Does cooling improve transition into lactation?; Environmental factors, especially temperature and light exposure, influence the health and productivity of dairy cows during lactation, possibly via similar physiological mechanisms. For example, heat stress is a critical component of decreased milk yield during summer. However, less is known about the effect of heat stress during the dry period. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of heat stress prepartum under a controlled photoperiod on lactation performance and hepatic metabolic gene expression of periparturient multiparous Holstein cows (n = 16). Cows were dried off approximately 46 d before expected calving date and assigned to treatment randomly after blocking by mature equivalent milk production and parity. Treatments consisted of either heat stress (HT) or cooling (CL) with fans and sprinklers, both under a photoperiod of 14L:10D. Rectal temperature was measured twice daily during the dry period. After calving, cows were housed in a freestall barn with cooling devices, and milk yield was recorded daily up to 210 d in milk. Blood samples were taken from dry off until + 42 d relative to calving for metabolites and from -2 until + 2 d relative to calving for hormone analysis. Daily dry matter intake was measured from -35 to + 42 d relative to calving. Liver biopsies were collected at dry off, -20, + 2, and + 20 d relative to calving for cows on HT (n = 5) and CL (n = 4) to measure mRNA expression of suppressors of cytokine signaling-2 (SOCS-2), insulin-like growth factor binding protein-5 (IGFBP-5), a key transcription factor in lipid biosynthesis (SREBP-1c), and enzymes of lipid metabolism (FASN, ACACA, and ACADVL) by real-time quantitative PCR. Heat stress increased rectal temperatures (39.2 vs. 38.8 degrees C), plasma prolactin concentrations at -1 (171 vs. 79 ng/mL) and 0 d (210 vs. 115 ng/mL) relative to calving, and decreased dry matter intake at 0 and + 14 d relative to calving and 3.5% fat-corrected milk postpartum (26.1 vs. 35.4 kg/d) compared with CL cows. Relative to CL cows, hepatic mRNA expression of SOCS-2 and IGFBP-5 was downregulated in HT cows. Expression of ACADVL was upregulated in CL cows at d + 2 but downregulated at d + 20 relative to HT cows. Concentrations of C16:0 and cis C18:1 were greater in the milk and liver of CL cows compared with HT cows, which reflects greater lipid mobilization. These results suggest that heat-stress abatement in the dry period improves subsequent lactation, possibly via suppression of plasma prolactin surge around calving, SOCS-2 expression, and regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism.
Effect of propylene glycol on adipose tissue mobilization in postpartum over-conditioned Holstein cows; Our objective was to investigate the quantitative and qualitative effects of propylene glycol (PG) allocation on postpartum adipose tissue mobilization in over-conditioned Holstein cows. Nine ruminally cannulated and arterially catheterized cows were, at parturition, randomly assigned to a ruminal pulse dose of either 500 g of tap water (n = 4) or 500 g of PG (n = 5) once a day. The PG was given with the morning feeding for 4 wk postpartum (treatment period), followed by a 4-wk follow-up period. All cows were fed the same prepartum and postpartum diets. At 16 (3), 4 (0), 15 (1) and 29 (2) days in milk (DIM), body composition was determined using the deuterium oxide dilution technique, liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue biopsies were collected, and mammary gland nutrient uptake was measured. Weekly blood samples were obtained during the experiment and daily blood samples were taken from 7 to 7 DIM. Postpartum feed intake and milk yield was not affected by PG allocation. The body content of lipid was not affected by treatment, but tended to decrease from 4 to 29 DIM with both treatments. Except for the first week postpartum, no difference in plasma nonesterified fatty acids concentration was noted between treatments in the treatment period. Yet, PG allocation resulted in decreased plasma concentrations of p-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) and increased plasma concentrations of glucose. In the follow-up period, plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, glucose, and BHB did not differ between treatments. Additionally, the change in abundance of proteins in adipose tissue biopsies from prepartum to 4 DIM was not affected by treatment. In conclusion, the different variables to assess body fat mobilization were concur-rent and showed that a 4-wk postpartum PG allocation had limited effect on adipose tissue mobilization. The main effect was an enhanced glucogenic status with PG. No carry-over effect of PG allocation was recorded for production or plasma metabolites, and, hence, a new period of metabolic adaption to lactation seemed to occur with PG treatment after ceasing PG allocation. Thus, PG seemed to induce a 2-step adaption to lactation, reducing the immediate postpartum nadir and peak of plasma concentration of glucose and BHB, respectively; which is beneficial for postpartum cows at high risk of lipid-related metabolic diseases.
Clinical and Ultrasound Efficacy of Topical Hypertonic Cream (Jovita Osmocell®) in the Treatment of Cellulite: A Prospective, Monocentric, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study; Background and Objectives: Cellulite, or edemato-fibro-sclerotic panniculopathy (EFP), is characterized by dermal and hypodermal changes leading to adipose tissue accumulation and compromised venous circulation. This study investigates the efficacy of a hypertonic cream containing concentrated sodium chloride (Jovita Osmocell (R)) in addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue, aiming to interrupt the cellulite formation process. Materials and Methods: A 12-week, prospective, monocentric, double-blind, placebo-controlled study enrolled 30 female subjects with grade II or III cellulite. Patients were randomized to receive hypertonic cream or a placebo. Thigh circumference, ultrasound evaluations, and standardized photographs were collected at baseline, intermediate, and endpoint visits. Adverse events were monitored. Results: After 84 days, the hypertonic cream group exhibited a significant reduction in thigh circumference compared to the placebo group (p = 0.0037). B-mode ultrasound examinations revealed significant changes in the parameters studied, such as the thickness of the subcutaneous tissue. No statistically significant changes were noticed in the placebo group. Volunteers reported the investigational product's pleasantness and good anti-cellulite activity, with no reported adverse events. Conclusions: The hypertonic cream demonstrated efficacy in reducing thigh circumference, addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue. The proposed mechanism involves osmosis, releasing accumulated fluids between fat cells, supporting drainage, and reducing inflammation. This study supports the efficacy and safety of hypertonic sodium chloride emulsions in cellulite treatment and confirms safety and user satisfaction.
Association of dairy consumption with metabolic syndrome, hypertension and diabetes in 147 812 individuals from 21 countries; Objective Our aims were to assess the association of dairy intake with prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) (cross-sectionally) and with incident hypertension and incident diabetes (prospectively) in a large multinational cohort study.
Effects of plane of nutrition and 2,4-thiazolidinedione on insulin responses and adipose tissue gene expression in dairy cattle during late gestation; Specific mechanisms by which dry period dietary energy affects transition cow metabolism have been intensively investigated but those of thiazolidinedione (TZD) administration have not. We hypothesized that effects of both are mediated via changes in insulin, glucose, or fatty acid metabolism. The objective of this experiment was to determine the effects of the insulin-sensitizing agent TZD and dietary energy level on glucose and fatty acid metabolism during late gestation in dairy cows. Multiparous Holstein cows (n = 32) approximately 50 d before expected calving date were dried-off and assigned to 1 of 2 dietary energy levels for 3 wk (high: 1.52 Mcal/kg of NEL, or low: 1.34 Mcal/kg of NEL) and treated daily during the final 14 d with 4.0 mg of TZD/kg of body weight (BW) or saline in a completely randomized design. Cows fed the low energy diet had lower dry matter intake (12.8 vs. 16.1 kg/d) and higher plasma nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA.) concentrations (103.3 vs. 82.4 mu Eq/L) compared with cows fed the high energy diet. Cows administered TZD had higher plasma glucose concentrations (62.5 vs. 59.6 mg/dL) than saline controls and cows fed the high energy diet had higher plasma insulin concentrations (35.1 vs. 25.3 mu U/mL) compared with those fed the low energy diet. After 2 wk of TZD treatment, all cows were subjected to an intravenous glucose tolerance test (GTT; 0.25 g of dextrose/kg of BW) followed 110 min later by an insulin challenge (IC; 1.0 mu g of insulin/kg of BW). Differences in plasma glucose response to GTT were minimal based on diet; however, cows fed the low energy diet had more negative NEFA areas under the curve (AUC; -4,838 vs. -2,137 mu Eq/L x min over 90 min) and greater rates of NEFA decrease (1.35 vs. 0.63%/min) during GTT, suggesting differential responses of tissue glucose and fatty acid metabolism in response to dietary energy level. During IC, the TZD-treated cows tended to have more negative glucose AUC (-45.0 vs. -12.1 mg/dL x min over 15 min) than controls, suggesting that TZD-treated cows had greater responses to insulin. Limited interactions were observed between dietary and TZD treatments in all response variables measured. Adipose tissue biopsies performed on the final day of treatment suggested higher expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (0.71 vs. 0.50 relative expression) and lipoprotein lipase (0.71 vs. 0.40 relative expression) in cows fed the high energy diet as measured by quantitative real-time PCR. These results indicate that energy level and insulin-sensitizing agents affect glucose and lipid metabolism during the dry period.
Effect of Weight Maintenance on Symptoms of Knee Osteoarthritis in Obese Patients: A Twelve-Month Randomized Controlled Trial 1; Objective. To compare results of obese patients with knee osteoarthritis (OA) who, after an intensive weight loss regimen, received 1 year of either dietary support (D), a knee-exercise program (E), or "no attention" (C; control group).
Sheep cheese naturally enriched in α-linolenic, conjugated linoleic and vaccenic acids improves the lipid profile and reduces anandamide in the plasma of hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Intake of dairy fat has long been considered as a risk factor for CVD. Pasture and dietary lipid supplementation have been reported to be reliable strategies in ruminant nutrition, in order to increase the content of a-linolenic acid (ALA), conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vaccenic acid (VA), and decrease SFA in milk fat. In the present study, we aimed at verifying whether consumption of a sheep cheese, naturally enriched in ALA, CLA and VA, would modify the plasma lipid and endocannabinoid profiles in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects. A total of forty-two adult volunteers (nineteen males and twenty-three females) with diagnosed mildly hypercholesterolaemia (total cholesterol 5.68-7.49 mmol/l) were randomly assigned to eat 90 g/d of a control or enriched cheese for 3 weeks, with a cross-over after 3 weeks of washout. Plasma lipids, endocannabinoids, adipokines and inflammatory markers were measured. The intake of enriched cheese significantly increased the plasma concentrations of CLA, VA, the n-3 fatty acids ALA and EPA, and more remarkably decreased that of the endocannabinoid anandamide. LDL-cholesterol decreased significantly (7 %). No changes were detected in the levels of inflammatory markers; however, a significant correlation was found between the plasma levels of anandamide and leptin. The control cheese modified none of the parameters measured. The results obtained do not support the view that intake of dairy fat is detrimental to hypercholesterolaemic subjects. Indeed, they show that a naturally enriched cheese possesses beneficial properties, since it ameliorates the plasma lipid profile, and more remarkably reduces endocannabinoid biosynthesis.
Maternal supplementation with CLA decreases milk fat in humans; CLA refers to isomers of octadecadienoic acid with conjugated double bonds. The most abundant form of CLA (rumenic acid (RA): c9,t11-18:2) is found in milk and beef fat. Further, CLA supplements containing RA and t10,c12-18:2 are now available. Consumption of commercially produced CLA has been shown to decrease adipose accretion in growing laboratory and production animals and cause milk fat depression in cows. We tested the hypothesis that CLA supplementation would increase milk CLA concentration and decrease milk fat content in humans. Breastfeeding women (n = 9) participated in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study divided into three periods: intervention 1 (5 d), washout (7 d), and intervention II (5 d). Women were randomized to treatment order. During each intervention period, women consumed 1.5 g of CLA supplement or placebo (olive oil) daily; during the washout period, no supplements were consumed. Milk was collected by complete breast expression on the final day of each period; milk output was estimated by 24-h weighing on the penultimate day of each intervention period. Milk RA and t10,c12-18:2 concentrations were greater (P< 0.05) during the CLA treatment period as compared to the placebo period. Milk fat content was significantly lower during the CLA treatment, as compared to the placebo treatment (P < 0.05). Data indicate no effect of treatment on milk output. Therefore, it would be prudent that lactating women not consume commercially available CLA supplements at this time.
The application of Legendre Polynomials to model muscularity and body condition score in primiparous Italian Simmental cattle; The aim of the present study was to develop a model to predict muscularity and body condition score (BCS) during the lactation of Italian Simmental dairy cows in Emilia Romagna herds. A total of 2656 Italian Simmental primiparous cows from 324 dairy herds were linear classified between 2002 and 2020. Lactation curves for muscularity and BCS were modelled for each cow using random regression model. The model included the fixed effects of age at linear scoring and days in milk modelled with a Legendre polynomial, and the random effects of herd-year of classification, cow and days in milk for each cow modelled with Legendre polynomials. The most parsimonious model included a fixed cubic Legendre polynomial and a random linear polynomial for cow effects. Results indicated that, on an average, BCS nadir was anticipated to that of muscularity, and, in both cases, this moment was around the lactation peak, when animals have the greatest nutrients requirement. After this period, both BCS and muscularity recovered up to post-partum levels. Moreover, after the 9 month of lactation, the absolute growth rate of muscularity and BCS was negative, suggesting that late-gestating cows could potentially enter a phase of body conformation loss. Results reported in the current research indicate that random regression using Legendre polynomials can be successfully employed to predict muscularity and BCS during the lactation of dairy cows.
Insulin Signaling in Liver and Adipose Tissues in Periparturient Dairy Cows Supplemented with Dietary Nicotinic Acid; The glucose homeostasis in dairy cattle is very well controlled, in line with the metabolic adaptation during the periparturient period. Former studies showed that nicotinic acid (NA) lowered plasma non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) concentrations and increased insulin sensitivity in dairy cows. Thus, the purpose of this study was to investigate whether the expression of proteins involved in hepatic and adipose insulin signaling and protein expression of hepatic glucose transporter 2 (GLUT2) were affected by dietary NA and dietary concentrate intake in periparturient dairy cows. Twenty pluriparous German Holstein cows were fed with the same diet from about 21 days before the expected calving date (d-21) to calving. After calving, cows were randomly assigned in 4 groups and fed with diets different in concentrate proportion ("HC" with 60:40% or "LC" with 30:70% concentrate-to-roughage ratio) and supplemented with NA (24 g/day) (NA) or without (CON) until d21. Biopsy samples were taken from the liver, subcutaneous (SCAT) and retroperitoneal (RPAT) adipose tissues at d-21 and d21. Protein expression of insulin signaling molecules (insulin receptor (INSR), phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K), protein kinase C zeta (PKC zeta)) and hepatic GLUT2 was measured by Western Blotting. The ratio of protein expression at d21/at d-21 was calculated and statistically evaluated for the effects of time and diet. Cows in HC had significantly higher dietary energy intake than cows in LC. In RPAT a decrease in PI3K and PKC zeta expression was found in all groups, irrespectively of diet. In the liver, the GLUT2 expression was significantly lower in cows in NA compared with cows in CON. In conclusion, insulin signaling might be decreased in RPAT over time without any effect of diet. NA was able to modulate hepatic GLUT2 expression, but its physiological role is unclear.
Effect of 1-year dairy product intervention on fat mass in young women: 6-month follow-up; Objective: Previous results from this laboratory suggest that a 1-year dairy intake intervention in young women does not alter fat mass. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of the 1-year dairy intervention 6 months after completion of the intervention.
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets varying in cereal fiber and protein content on the bile acid metabolic signature and relation to insulin resistance; Bile acids (BA) are potent metabolic regulators influenced by diet. We studied effects of isoenergetic increases in the dietary protein and cereal-fiber contents on circulating BA and insulin resistance (IR) in overweight and obese adults. Randomized controlled nutritional intervention (18 weeks) in 72 non-diabetic participants (overweight/obese: 29/43) with at least one further metabolic risk factor. Participants were group-matched and allocated to four isoenergetic supplemented diets: control; high cereal fiber (HCF); high-protein (HP); or moderately increased cereal fiber and protein (MIX). Whole-body IR and insulin-mediated suppression of hepatic endogenous glucose production were measured using euglycaemic-hyperinsulinemic clamps with [6-6(2)H(2)] glucose infusion. Circulating BA, metabolic biomarkers, and IR were measured at 0, 6, and 18 weeks. Under isoenergetic conditions, HP-intake worsened IR in obese participants after 6 weeks (M-value: 3.77 +/- 0.58 vs. 3.07 +/- 0.44 mg/kg/min, p = 0.038), with partial improvement back to baseline levels after 18 weeks (3.25 +/- 0.45 mg/kg/min, p = 0.089). No deleterious effects of HP-intake on IR were observed in overweight participants. HCF-diet improved IR in overweight participants after 6 weeks (M-value 4.25 +/- 0.35 vs. 4.81 +/- 0.31 mg/kg/min, p = 0.016), but did not influence IR in obese participants. Control and MIX diets did not influence IR. HP-induced, but not HCF-induced changes in IR strongly correlated with changes of BA profiles. MIX-diet significantly increased most BA at 18 weeks in obese, but not in overweight participants. BA remained unchanged in controls. Pooled BA concentrations correlated with fasting fibroblast growth factor-19 (FGF-19) plasma levels (r = 0.37; p = 0.003). Higher milk protein intake was the only significant dietary predictor for raised total and primary BA in regression analyses (total BA, p = 0.017; primary BA, p = 0.011). Combined increased intake of dietary protein and cereal fibers markedly increased serum BA concentrations in obese, but not in overweight participants. Possible mechanisms explaining this effect may include compensatory increases of the BA pool in the insulin resistant, obese state; or defective BA transport.
Fat oxidation and its relation to serum parathyroid hormone in young women enrolled in a 1-y dairy calcium intervention; Background: Increased dietary calcium is associated with changes in body composition. One proposed mechanism is that dietary calcium increases fat oxidation, potentially via regulation of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations.
Effects of red meat taxes and warning labels on food groups selected in a randomized controlled trial; Background High consumption of red and processed meat contributes to both health and environmental harms. Warning labels and taxes for red meat reduce selection of red meat overall, but little is known about how these potential policies affect purchases of subcategories of red meat (e.g., processed versus unprocessed) or of non-red-meat foods (e.g., cheese, pulses) relevant to health and environmental outcomes. This study examined consumer responses to warning labels and taxes for red meat in a randomized controlled trial.Methods In October 2021, we recruited 3,518 US adults to complete a shopping task in a naturalistic online grocery store. Participants were randomly assigned to one of four arms: control (no warning labels or tax), warning labels only (health and environmental warning labels appeared next to products containing red meat), tax only (prices of products containing red meat were increased 30%) or combined warning labels + tax. Participants selected items to hypothetically purchase, which we categorized into food groups based on the presence of animal- and plant-source ingredients (e.g., beef, eggs, pulses), meat processing level (e.g., processed pork versus unprocessed pork), and meat species (e.g., beef versus pork). We assessed the effects of the warning labels and tax on selections from each food group.Results Compared to control, all three interventions led participants to select fewer items with processed meat (driven by reductions in processed pork) and (for the tax and warning labels + tax interventions only) fewer items with unprocessed meat (driven by reductions in unprocessed beef). All three interventions also led participants to select more items containing cheese, while only the combined warning labels + tax intervention led participants to select more items containing processed poultry. Except for an increase in selection of pulses in the tax arm, the interventions did not affect selections of fish or seafood (processed or unprocessed), eggs, or plant-based items (pulses, nuts & seeds, tofu, meat mimics, grains & potatoes, vegetables).Conclusions Policies to reduce red meat consumption are also likely to affect consumption of other types of foods that are relevant to both health and environmental outcomes.Trial registration NCT04716010 on www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Sucrose-sweetened beverages increase fat storage in the liver, muscle, and visceral fat depot: a 6-mo randomized intervention study; Background: The consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks (SSSDs) has been associated with obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disorders in observational and short-term intervention studies. Too few long-term intervention studies in humans have examined the effects of soft drinks.
Appetite is not influenced by a unique milk peptide: caseinomacropeptide (CMP); The milk protein, caseinomacropeptide (CMP), is a predominant breakdown product of casein in the human stomach, and may aid in the regulation of Food intake. Using a human feeding study design, this project assessed the effects of CMP on satiety and satiation by measuring the amount of food consumed at meal times and through subjective motivation to eat questionnaires. The following beverage treatments were prepared: 0.4% CMP solution, 2.0% CMP solution, vehicle alone, and water containing colorant and clouding agent. Twenty male and 32 female adults were enrolled into the study using a Latin Square randomization. Treatment beverages and ad libitum lunches were consumed on four separate occasions at the Study Center. After lunch, subjects left the Study Center, and completed a standardized questionnaire every hour throughout the afternoon and evening to assess hunger and stomach fullness, and kept track of ail food and beverages consumed. Under these experimental conditions, CMP had no effect on energy intake or weight of food consumed at lunch or for the remainder of the day. CMP also had no effect on subjective indicators of satiety. Intake of CMP before a midday meal has no effect on regulation of food intake over a short-term period. (C) 2001 Academic Press.
Trends in food intakes in Swedish adults 1986-1999: Findings from the northern Sweden MONICA (Monitoring of trends and determinants in cardiovascular disease) study; Objective: To determine changes in reported food frequency in adults between 1986 and 1999.
Dietary Whey and Casein Differentially Affect Energy Balance, Gut Hormones, Glucose Metabolism, and Taste Preference in Diet-Induced Obese Rats; Background: Dietary whey and casein proteins decrease food intake and body weight and improve glycemic control; however, little is known about the underlying mechanisms. Objective: We determined the effects of dietary whey, casein, and a combination of the 2 on energy balance, hormones, glucose metabolism, and taste preference in rats.
Obesity and mental health improvement following nutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition in Japanese women: a randomised controlled trial; PurposeGut microbiota composition was supposedly related to obesity and psychological factors. We examined the effects of a nutritional education intervention focusing on gut microbiota composition on obesity and psychological factors among obese women.MethodsForty-four obese Japanese women aged 40 or older were randomly assigned to either an intervention group (n=22) or control group (n=22). The intervention consisted of a 20-min dietary lecture and a 10-min counselling session by registered dieticians, every 2 weeks for eight consecutive weeks. Body weight, height, waist circumference, food frequency, and gut microbiota composition were measured, and self-rated health and psychological factors were scored before and after the intervention.ResultsAll participants completed the 8 week program. After the intervention, dietary fibre intake (p<0.01), frequency of vegetable consumption (p=0.020), and frequency of milk and milk product consumption (p<0.01) increased significantly in the intervention group compared with the control group. Body weight and body mass index (BMI; p<0.001), waist circumference (p<0.01), and the depression scale score (p<0.01) decreased significantly, while significant improvements were found in self-rated health (p=0.045) and microbiome diversity (p<0.01).ConclusionNutritional education focusing on gut microbiota composition may improve obesity and psychological factors in obese women.
Peripartum responses of dairy cows to prepartal feeding level and dietary fatty acid source; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effect of feeding level and oilseed supplementation during - the close-up dry period on energy balance (EB), hepatic lipidosis, metabolic status, and productivity in early lactation. Seventy-seven Holstein cows were blocked according to parity and expected calving date and then assigned randomly to 1 of 6 treatments in a 2 x 3 factorial allocation with 2 feeding levels: ad libitum (AL) or 30% feed restriction (FR), and 3 dietary fatty acid sources: canola seed, linola seed, or flaxseed at 8% of dietary dry matter (DM), to enrich the rations with oleic, linoleic, or linolenic acids, respectively during the last 4 wk of gestation. After parturition, all cows were fed a common lactation diet. Cows fed AL lost less body weight (-2.9 vs. -6.0%) and body condition score (+0.67 vs. -2.30%), and consequently were in more positive EB (+4.6 vs. -0.3 Mcal) during the prepartum period than cows subjected to FR. Postpartum, FR cows lost less body weight (-9.7 vs. -12.4%) and experienced less severe negative EB (-4.5 vs. -7.0 Mcal) than AL cows. Cows fed AL had higher plasma insulin (6.8 vs. 4.4 mu IU/mL) and lower nonesterified fatty acid concentrations (436 vs. 570 mEq/mL) during the close-up period than cows subjected to FR. Cows fed AL tended to have lower liver glycogen content in early lactation than cows subjected to FR (4.4 vs. 2.9 mu g/g of DM), but had similar triglyceride content (13.1 +/- 1.2 mu g/g of DM). Fatty acid source did not influence response variables. In conclusion, eliminating intake depression by FR during the close-up period had positive carryover effects on EB and metabolic status during early lactation, but feeding linoleic and linolenic acids via unprotected oilseeds only had negligible effects on peripartum responses.
Comparison of 3 ad libitum diets for weight-loss maintenance, risk of cardiovascular disease, and diabetes: a 6-mo randomized, controlled trial; Background: The optimal dietary content and type of fat and carbohydrate for weight management has been debated for decades.
Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids induce gene expression of energy metabolism-related pathways in adipose tissue of abdominally obese subjects; BACKGROUND: Dietary medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MC-SFAs) have been shown to reduce total body fat. Previously, we showed that MC-SFAs prevent body fat accumulation, despite weight gain. Here, we aim to explore potential molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of MC-SFAs on body fat gain.
Weight reduction is feasible - preliminary results of a controlled, randomised intervention study in over-weight adults; In the present study the effect of different lifestyle interventions, aimed at reducing body weight and body fat mass, were tested in a clinically controlled randomised design. Three different groups of 30 randomly selected persons each were formed: Group 1, dietary intervention; group 11, dietary intervention + guided physical exercise; group III, health education (counselling about health claims, diet and exercise). The trial lasted 12 months. The dietary intervention consisted of a soy and milk protein supplement (Almased(R)); the dosage of supplement intake was individually defined in consideration of body weight. As primary efficacy parameter of the intervention, body composition (body fat, lean body mass) was measured by means of the BodPod(R) technology; the BodPod(R) technology measures body composition in analogy to hydrostatic weighing, using computerised pressure sensors to determine the amount of air displaced by the person's body. In addition, body weight, BMI, WHR, waist circumference, physical performance, parameters of the metabolic syndrome, lipid metabolism and inflammatory markers were documented to objectify the therapeutic benefit of the intervention. Here, we present the results after 6 months of intervention. In all groups the intervention led to a reduction in body fat mass and a favourable modification of pro-atherogenic and pro-inflammatory risk factors. Dietary intervention reduced body weight to a higher degree (mean weight loss -8.9 kg) than lifestyle education alone (mean weight loss -6.2 kg). Physical exercise added to the dietary intervention program (group 11) did not increase weight loss. The dietary intervention as a low-fat/high-protein diet, aimed at reducing body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, was not associated with an undesirable loss in muscle mass. In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that significant weight loss by dietary intervention with a negative energy balance in the range of 700 kcal/d is feasible and does not impair body composition in terms of a reduction in muscle mass.
Effects of dietary energy allowance and decline in dry matter intake during the dry period on responses to glucose and insulin in transition dairy cows; We assessed whether high energy intake during the early dry period [144% of metabolizable energy (ME) requirements/d] followed by a gradual restriction of energy intake in the close-up dry period (119% of ME/d; HEI) impaired whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with a controlled energy intake (100% of ME/d; CEI) throughout the 6-wk dry period. Multiparous Ayrshire dairy cows (n = 16) were blocked by body weight, body condition score, and expected date of parturition and were used in a randomized complete block design until 10 d after parturition. Cows were fed either HEI or CEI diets based on grass silage during the first 3 wk of the dry period and grass silage supplemented with a commercial concentrate (30% of ME intake) during the final 3 wk of gestation. After calving, all cows were fed grass silage ad libitum and an increasing amount of commercial concentrate (maximum 9 kg at d 10 postpartum). Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (IVGTT) and intravenous insulin challenges were performed 10 5 d (n = 15) and +10 1 d (n = 14) relative to parturition. Following glucose injection, we did not find any treatment effects on glucose and insulin responses. The prepartal nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) response of the HEI group was blunted, basal NEFA and the decrement of NEFA were smaller, and the area under the response curve (AUC) of NEFA was less negative in HEI cows than in CEI cows. The NEFA response reversed after parturition; the NEFA AUC of the HEI group was more negative than that of the CEI group. We did not find similar responses after insulin injection. Across the treatments, NEFA AUC correlated strongly with the basal NEFA concentration during the IVGTT pre- and postpartum. Calculated and model-based indices characterizing the overall glucose tolerance and 0-cell function and the insulin sensitivity were higher after parturition than during the dry period. Consistent with the lower basal insulin, the acute insulin release after the glucose infusion was smaller in postpartal IVGTT than in prepartal IVGTT. The results suggest that whole-body insulin sensitivity of the cows increased after parturition. However, the role of peripheral insulin sensitivity in the regulation of glucose partitioning seems to be minor relative to the major change in insulin secretion and clearance during the periparturient period.
HYPOCHOLESTEROLEMIC EFFECT OF A NEW FERMENTED MILK PRODUCT IN HEALTHY MIDDLE-AGED MEN; Objective: There are still controversies as to the potential beneficial effects of milk and fermented milk products on the level of lipoproteins. The objective of the present investigation was to test the effect of a moderate daily intake of a new fermented milk product, which was based on a bacterial culture obtained from the intestinal flora of inhabitants of Abkhasia, on the lipoprotein levels of a homogeneous group of middle-aged Danish men.
THE EFFECTS OF SYNBIOTIC SUPPLEMENTATION ON SERUM INFLAMMATORY MARKERS AND EDEMA VOLUME IN BREAST CANCER SURVIVORS WITH LYMPHEDEMA; Breast cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) is one of the most common complications of breast cancer treatments, which may be exacerbated by obesity. Dysbiosis may negatively impact the management of obesity and lymphedema by increasing inflammation. The objective of this study was to assess the effects of supplementation with synbiotics on inflammatory markers, serum leptin concentration and edema volume in overweight and obese BCRL women following a low-calorie diet (LCD). In a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial, 88 breast cancer survivors with lymphedema were supplemented once a day for 10 weeks with either a synbiotic or a placebo capsule. Both groups were under a low-calorie diet (LCD). At the end of the study, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in leptin (P=0.003) and TNF-alpha (P=0.039) between the study groups. Besides, edema volume was significantly reduced within the synbiotic group after the intervention. We did not observe any significant effects of the synbiotic supplementation in hs-CRP, and IL-1 beta between the study groups (P=0.550, P=0.118 respectively). Conclusively, synbiotic supplementation along with an LCD program in breast cancer survivors with lymphedema had beneficial effects on the concentration of serum inflammatory markers and edema volume.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveThis study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Weight Gain Prevention among Midlife Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial to Address Needs Related to the Physical and Social Environment; Women tend to gain weight at midlife (40-60 years) increasing risk of obesity-related chronic diseases. Within specific eating occasions, needs related to the physical and social environment may result in less healthy eating behavior, which can lead to weight gain over time. The purpose of this study was to determine if a dietitian-delivered nutrition counseling intervention tailored to eating occasion needs could improve diet and prevent weight gain among midlife women over two years. A randomized controlled trial was conducted with healthy midlife women (n = 354) in one U.S. metropolitan area. The intervention group (n = 185) received ten hours of individual nutrition counseling from dietitians over six months, while women in a control group (n = 169) received no counseling. Measured height, weight and waist circumference, and dietary intakes were collected at baseline and every six months over two years. Mixed linear models were used to test for intervention effect on change in outcome variables over time. Dietary intakes of fruit, reduced/low-fat dairy foods and refined grains were significantly improved over time in the intervention compared to control group. However, the intervention had no effect on weight over time (p = 0.48). Nutrition counseling tailored to address eating occasion needs improved self-reported diet but did not significantly affect weight change.
Association of visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and first stroke risk in hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease; Objective: Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of stroke among hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the risk of stroke, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients with mild-to-moderate CKD. Methods: This is a post-hoc analysis of the China Stroke Primary Prevention Trial. A total of 3091 patients with estimated glomerular filtration rate 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) and/or proteinuria at baseline, without occurring stroke and with BP measurements of at least two visits from randomization to the 12-month visit were included. The main VVV in BP was expressed as SD. The primary outcome was first stroke. Results: The median subsequent treatment duration was 3.7 years. After multivariable adjustment, including baseline SBP and mean SBP during the first 12-month follow-up, there was a significantly positive relationship of SD SBP with the risk of subsequent first stroke (per SD increment; odds ratio, 1.41; 95% confidence interval: 1.17-1.69) and first ischemic stroke (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval: 1.26-1.90). Results were consistent across various subgroups, including age, sex, baseline SBP, treatment compliance, and mean SBP, concomitant usage of calcium channel blocker during the first 12-month follow-up period. Similar trends were also found for coefficient of variation SBP, and SD or coefficient of variation DBP. However, there was no significant association between BP variability and first hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusion: In hypertensive adults with mild-to-moderate CKD, visit-to-visit variability in BP was significantly associated with the risk of subsequent first stroke.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity in Overweight Adults: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background Consuming different food groups and nutrients can have differential effects on body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity.
Does adding milk to tea delay gastric emptying?; Many preoperative fasting guidelines suggest that hot tea or coffee with milk added should be considered similar to solid food, allowing an interval of 6 h before commencing anaesthesia. There is little evidence to support these instructions, with recent guidelines undecided on the issue. This study aimed to establish whether there was a clinically significant delay in gastric emptying associated with adding a modest amount of milk to tea.
Effect of Peanut Consumption on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Clinical Trial and Meta-Analysis; Although numerous studies have reported the protective effect of nut consumption on cardiovascular risk, evidence for the role of peanuts in maintaining cardiometabolic health is inconclusive. Presented here are the results from the ARISTOTLE study, a parallel randomized controlled trial evaluating the impact of regular peanut intake on anthropometric, biochemical, and clinical measurements. The 63 healthy subjects that completed the study consumed their habitual diet plus either: a) 25 g/day of skin roasted peanuts (SRP, n = 21), b) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of peanut butter (PB, n = 23) or c) two tablespoons (32 g)/day of a control butter based on peanut oil (CB, n = 19) for 6 months. In addition, a meta-analysis of clinical trials, including data from the ARISTOTLE study, was carried out to update the evidence for the effects of consuming peanuts, including high-oleic peanuts, and peanut butter on healthy subjects and those at high cardiometabolic risk. After a systematic search on PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Scopus databases up to July 2021, 11 studies were found to meet the eligibility criteria. In the ARISTOTLE study, lower total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios were found in the SRP group compared to the CB group (p = 0.019 and p = 0.008). The meta-analysis of clinical trials revealed that peanut consumption is associated with a decrease in triglycerides (MD: -0.13; 95% CI, -0.20 to -0.07; p < 0.0001) and that healthy consumers had lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratios compared to the control groups (MD: -0.40; 95% CI, -0.71 to -0.09; p = 0.01 and MD: -0.19; 95% CI, -0.36 to -0.01; p = 0.03, respectively). However, individuals at high cardiometabolic risk experienced an increase in body weight after the peanut interventions (MD: 0.97; 95% CI, 0.54 to 1.41; p < 0.0001), although not in body fat or body mass index. According to the dose-response analyses, body weight increased slightly with higher doses of peanuts. In conclusion, a regular consumption of peanuts seems to modulate lipid metabolism, reducing triglyceride blood levels. Systematic Review Registration: https://osf.io/jx34y/, identifier: 10.17605/OSF.IO/ MK35Y.
Effect of ideal protein versus low-fat diet for weight loss: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Current guidelines call for peer-reviewed evidence of efficacy and safety for commercial weight loss programs to be recommended as options for those seeking to lose weight.
Increased satiety after intake of a chocolate milk drink compared with a carbonated beverage, but no difference in subsequent <i>ad libitum</i> lunch intake; The rising rate of obesity has been blamed on increased consumption of sugar-sweetened soft drinks, such as carbonated sodas, which fail to satisfy hunger. The objective of the present study was to compare the effect on appetite and energy intake of a sugar-sweetened beverage (cola) and a chocolate milk drink, matched for energy content and volume. It was hypothesised that chocolate milk may be more satiating because of its protein content. Twenty-two healthy young men (age 23 (SD 1.8) years) of normal weight (BMI 22.2 (so 1.5) kg/m(2)) were recruited to the randomised cross-over study. Visual analogue scales were used to record subjective appetite ratings every 30 min on each of two test days. A drink of 500 ml cola or chocolate milk (900 kJ) was ingested 30 min before an ad libitum lunch. Satiety and fullness were significantly greater (P = 00007, P = 00004, respectively) 30 min after chocolate milk than after cola. Ratings of prospective consumption and hunger were significantly greater after cola than after chocolate milk, both immediately after preload intake (P = 0008, P = 0.01, respectively) and 30 min afterwards (P = 0004, P = 0.01, respectively). There was no significant difference (P = 0.42) in ad libitum lunch intake after ingestion of chocolate milk (3145 (SD 1268) kJ) compared with cola (3286 (SD 1346) kJ). The results support the hypothesis that sweetened soft drinks are different from milk products in their impact on short-term hunger and satiety, although differences in subjective appetite scores were not translated into differences in energy intake.
Oversupplying metabolizable protein in late gestation for beef cattle: effects on postpartum ruminal fermentation, blood metabolites, skeletal muscle catabolism, colostrum composition, milk yield and composition, and calf growth performance; The objective of the study was to determine whether oversupplying MP prepartum affects postpartum cow BW, colostrum composition, milk production and composition, protein catabolism in the dam, and calf growth. Crossbred Hereford heifers were individually fed a control treatment designed to meet MP requirements (CON; n = 10) or 133% of the MP requirement (HMP; n = 11) from day -55 +/- 4 until parturition. All cows were provided a common postpartum diet. Cow BW was measured on days 7 +/- 1, 14 +/- 2, 28 +/- 3, 57 +/- 4, 82 +/- 5, and 111 +/- 3 relative to parturition. DMI and ruminal pH were measured daily and summarized by week until day 33. Milk yield was estimated based on a 12-h two-quarter milk yield on days 7 +/- 1, 12 +/- 1, 28 +/- 3, 33 +/- 3, 70 +/- 3, and 112 +/- 3. Urine samples were collected from cows over a 6-d period starting on days 7 +/- 1 and 28 +/- 3 and the composited samples were analyzed for 3-methylhistidine (3-MH) and creatinine. Muscle samples were collected from cows on day 13 +/- 1 while calf muscle samples were collected on days 2 and 111 +/- 3 of age. Muscle samples from cows were analyzed for markers of protein catabolism, and calf muscle samples were analyzed for genes regulating cell growth and differentiation. Data were analyzed as a randomized complete block design using the MIXED procedure of SAS accounting for repeated measures when necessary. Postpartum BW did not differ (P >= 0.30) by treatment, day, or the interaction of treatment and day (T x D), but rump fat decreased (P = 0.011) as lactation progressed. DMI decreased during weeks 2 and 3 compared to 1 and 4, whereas ruminal pH was less during weeks 2, 3, and 4 relative to week 1. Colostrum fat concentration was less (P = 0.003) for HMP than CON; but, milk production was not affected by treatment. Milk yield was greatest from days 7 to 33 and decreased thereafter (P < 0.01). Urinary 3-MH and the 3-MH: creatinine ratio did not differ by treatment, day, or the T x D (P >= 0.22) interaction, nor was there a difference (P >= 0.13) in the abundance of catabolic proteins. Calf growth was not affected by treatment, but HMP calves had greater expression (T x D, P = 0.05) of PPARG while PKM expression increased for CON calves (T x D, P = 0.04) at day 111 compared to their expression at day 2. Overfeeding MP during late gestation does not improve postpartum indicators of N balance or maternal muscle turnover but may alter colostrum composition and calf gene expression at weaning.
Be Healthy in Pregnancy (BHIP): A Randomized Controlled Trial of Nutrition and Exercise Intervention from Early Pregnancy to Achieve Recommended Gestational Weight Gain; A randomized two-arm prospective superiority trial tested the efficacy of a novel structured and monitored nutrition (bi-weekly counselling for individualized energy and high dairy protein diet) and exercise program (walking goal of 10,000 steps/day) (intervention) compared to usual care (control) in pregnant women to achieve gestational weight gain (GWG) within current recommendations. Women recruited in communities in southern Ontario, Canada were randomized at 12-17 weeks gestation with stratification by site and pre-pregnancy BMI to intervention (n = 119) or control (n = 122). The primary outcome was the proportion of women who achieved GWG within the Institute of Medicine recommendations. Although the intervention compared to control group was more likely to achieve GWG within recommendations (OR = 1.51; 95% CI (0.81, 2.80)) and total GWG was lower by 1.45 kg (95% CI: (-11.9, 8.88)) neither reached statistical significance. The intervention group achieved significantly higher protein intake at 26-28 week (mean difference (MD); 15.0 g/day; 95% CI (8.1, 21.9)) and 36-38 week gestation (MD = 15.2 g/day; 95% CI (9.4, 21.1)) and higher healthy diet scores (22.5 +/- 6.9 vs. 18.7 +/- 8.5, p < 0.005) but step counts were similar averaging 6335 steps/day. Pregnancy and infant birth outcomes were similar between groups. While the structured and monitored nutrition with counselling improved diet quality and protein intake and may have benefited GWG, the exercise goal of 10,000 steps/day was unachievable. The results can inform future recommendations for diet and physical activity in pregnancy.
Prepartum feeding level and body condition score affect immunological performance in grazing dairy cows during the transition period; Precalving feeding level affects dry matter intake, postcalving energy balance, the risk of hepatic lipidosis and metabolic disease, and gene expression in liver and adipose tissue. These coincide with a higher risk of disease postpartum and, very likely, a failure to reach optimum production as well as reproductive targets. Current interpretation of the available evidence suggest that metabolic stressors affect the immune system of transition dairy cows and lead to reduced immunocompetence. The objective of the current study was to investigate the effect of precalving body condition score (BCS) and level of feeding on immunocompetence during the peripartum period. Twenty-three weeks before calving, 78 cows were allocated randomly to 1 of 6 treatment groups (n = 13) in a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement: 2 precalving BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0, based on a 10-point scale) and 3 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75, 100, and 125% of estimated requirements). Blood was sampled precalving and at 1, 2 and 4 wk after calving. Cells were analyzed by flow cytometry and quantitative real-time PCR. The numbers of T helper lymphocytes (CD4+), cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CD8+), natural killer cells (CD335+), and gamma delta T lymphocytes (WC1+) as well as their activation status [IL-2 receptor (CD25)+ cells] were highly variable between animals, but there was no evident effect of BCS, feeding level, or time. All groups presented with an increase in expression of cytokines in unstimulated blood cells in the week after calving, although this was significant only for IFNG in the BCS 4.0 group. Analysis of in vitro-stimulated cells allowed 2 general observations: (1) cows with high energy intake precalving (125%) had increased cytokine expression precalving, and (2) all cows had increased cytokine expression in the week after calving. The present study provides evidence that prepartum feed management can affect immunocompetence during the transition period. Considering the current results, optimally conditioned animals might benefit from a restricted precalving diet, whereas underconditioned cows can be fed to requirements.
GUT MICROBIOTA, PREBIOTICS, PROBIOTICS, AND SYNBIOTICS IN ANAGEMENT OF OBESITY AND PREDIABETES: REVIEW OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS; Objective: To review the data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the roles of microbiota, pre-, pro-and synbiotics in metabolic conditions (obesity, prediabetes, and diabetes mellitus type 2 [DM2]).
Soy compared with milk protein in a Western diet changes fecal microbiota and decreases hepatic steatosis in obese OLETF rats; Soy protein is effective at preventing hepatic steatosis; however, the mechanisms are poorly understood. We tested the hypothesis that soy vs. dairy protein based diet would alter microbiota and attenuate hepatic steatosis in hyperphagic Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty (OLETF) rats. Male OLETF rats were randomized to "Western" diets containing milk protein isolate (MPI), soy protein isolate (SPI) or 50:50 MPI/SPI (MS) (n=9-10/group; 21% kcal protein) for 16 weeks. SPI attenuated (P <.05) fat mass and percent fat by similar to 10% compared with MS, but not compared with MPI. Serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substance and total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were lower (P<.05) with dietary SPI vs. MPI and MS. Histological hepatic steatosis was lower (P<.05) in SPI compared with MPI or MS. Lipidomic analyses revealed reductions (P<.05) in hepatic diacylglycerols but not triacylglycerols in SPI compared with MPI, which was associated with lower hepatic de novo lipogenesis (ACC, FAS and SCD-1 protein content, and hepatic 16:1 n-7 and 18:1 n-7 PUFA concentrations) (P<.05) compared with MPI and MS; however, MPI displayed elevated hepatic mitochondrial function compared with SPI and MS. Fecal bacterial 16S rRNA analysis revealed SPI-intake elicited increases (P<.05) in Lactobacillus and decreases (P<.05) in Blautia and Lachnospiraceae suggesting decreases in fecal secondary bile acids in SPI rats. SPI and MS exhibited greater (P<.05) hepatic Fxr, Fgfr4, Hnf4a, HmgCoA reductase and synthase mRNA expression compared with MPI. Overall, dietary SPI compared with MPI decreased hepatic steatosis and diacylglycerols, changed microbiota populations and altered bile acid signaling and cholesterol homeostasis in a rodent model of obesity. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A commonly used rumen-protected conjugated linoleic acid supplement marginally affects fatty acid distribution of body tissues and gene expression of mammary gland in heifers during early lactation; Background: Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) in general, and in particular the trans-10, cis-12 (t10, c12-CLA) isomer are potent modulators of milk fat synthesis in dairy cows. Studies in rodents, such as mice, have revealed that t10, c12-CLA is responsible for hepatic lipodystrophy and decreased adipose tissue with subsequent changes in the fatty acid distribution. The present study aimed to investigate the fatty acid distribution of lipids in several body tissues compared to their distribution in milk fat in early lactating cows in response to CLA treatment. Effects in mammary gland are further analyzed at gene expression level.
Birth weight; postnatal, infant, and childhood growth; and obesity in young adulthood: evidence from the Barry Caerphilly Growth Study; Background: Birth weight has been shown to be positively associated with adult obesity, but relatively few studies have examined the associations with growth in specific periods of early childhood.
Reversal of Small, Dense LDL Subclass Phenotype by Normalization of Adiposity; Excess adiposity and high-carbohydrate diets have been associated with an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP) characterized by increased concentrations of small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles (pattern B). We tested whether weight loss and normalization of adiposity could reverse ALP in overweight men with pattern B. After consuming a moderate-carbohydrate, high-fat diet for 3 weeks, pattern B and nonpattern B (pattern A) men were randomized to a weight loss (n = 60 and n = 36, respectively) or control weight-stable arm (n = 20 and n = 17, respectively). Men in the weight loss arm consumed similar to 1,000 fewer calories per day over 9 weeks to induce an average similar to 9kg weight loss. In the control group, weight stability was maintained for 4 weeks after randomization. Weight loss led to the conversion of pattern B to pattern A in 58% of baseline pattern B men. Among men who achieved BMIs of <25kg/m(2) (62% of pattern B men vs. 83% of pattern A men), 81% of pattern B men converted to pattern A. Weight loss was associated with a significantly greater decrease in small, dense LDL subclass 3b in pattern B relative to pattern A men. The lipoprotein profiles of pattern A men who converted from pattern B were comparable to those of men with pattern A at baseline. Conversion of LDL subclass pattern B to pattern A and reversal of ALP can be achieved in a high proportion of overweight men by normalization of adiposity.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study; Background: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes. Purpose: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial. Methods: This was the data fromapan-India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories; 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas. Results: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P )with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247). Conclusion: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension.
Effects of Milk Proteins and Combined Exercise Training on Aortic Hemodynamics and Arterial Stiffness in Young Obese Women With High Blood Pressure; Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one-repetition maximum (1-RM)).
THE EFFECT OF RESISTANCE TRAINING AND DIFFERENT SOURCES OF POSTEXERCISE PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTATION ON MUSCLE MASS AND PHYSICAL CAPACITY IN SARCOPENIC ELDERLY MEN; The loss of muscle mass (sarcopenia) with aging is related to a progressive loss of muscle strength and physical capacity. Resistance exercise and milk-based protein supplementation have been demonstrated as significant countermeasures for sarcopenia and the loss of muscle strength. However, using high doses of proteins can act as a meal replacement in the elderly. Therefore, we sought to determine whether a standard supplementation (12 g per serving) of protein and resistance training could be an efficient strategy to promote muscle strength and physical capacity in sarcopenic men. Twenty-six participants were randomized in 3 groups in a double-blind control study. All the groups performed exercise and consumed a protein-rich supplement 12 g of protein, 7 g of essential amino acids from milk (n = 8), soy (n = 8), or rice milk (nonprotein control, n = 10). Body composition was measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Strength was measured by 1 repetition maximum with different exercises. Different physical capacity measurements were assessed (timed up and go test, chair stand, and walking speed). The results indicated a significant increase in fat-free mass in all groups and changes in muscle strength, with no differences between groups. This study indicates that resistance training is an effective way to increase muscle mass and strength, regardless of protein supplementation. Higher doses of protein-rich foods may have to be recommended to promote muscle mass gains when executing resistance exercise in elderly sarcopenic individuals.
Effects of human milk and formula on postprandial glycaemia and insulinaemia; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Consumption of formula in place of human milk may produce differences in postprandial glycaemia and insulinaemia that contribute to metabolic programming in the first year of life. The objective of the current study was to determine glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to human milk compared with a typical commercial formula, and then compare 11 other formulas.
Effects of maternal 25-hydroxycholecalciferol on nutrient digestibility, milk composition and fatty-acid profile of lactating sows and gut bacterial metabolites in the hindgut of suckling piglets; To investigate the effects of maternal 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (25OHD(3)) supplementation during lactation on nutrient digestibility and milk composition of sows and gut bacterial metabolites and their metabolites in the hindgut of suckling piglets, 24 Large White x Landrace sows were assigned randomly to one of two dietary treatments (Diet ND: 2000 IU vitamin D-3/kg feed; Diet 25-D: 50 mu g 25OHD(3)/kg feed). The experiment began on d 107 of gestation and continued until weaning on d 21 of lactation. Maternal 25OHD(3) supplementation increased (p < 0.05) total litter weight gain during lactation. Milk fat content, immunoglobulin G level on d 21 of lactation and 25OHD(3) concentration on d 7, 14, and 21 of lactation were higher (p < 0.05) in sows fed with 25OHD(3). Apparent total tract digestibility of dietary calcium was higher (p < 0.05) in 25-D sows than ND sows. With respect to fatty-acid profile, C16:0 and saturated fatty acids in milk were higher (p < 0.05), but C20:4n-6, the ratios of monounsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids to saturated fatty acids were lower (p < 0.05) in 25-D sows than ND sows. 25OHD(3) supplementation increased the mRNA expressions of acetyl-CoA carboxylase alpha and fatty-acid synthase in the mammary gland of lactating sows. For gut bacterial metabolites, concentration of butyrate in the caecal digesta was higher (p < 0.05) in piglets suckling 25-D sows than piglets suckling ND sows. In conclusion, 25OHD(3) supplementation in maternal diets changed dietary calcium digestibility, milk composition and milk fatty-acid profile of lactating sows and altered gut bacterial metabolites in the hindgut of suckling piglets.
Peripartum performance and metabolism of dairy cows in response to prepartum energy and protein intake; Twenty-six multiparous Holstein cows were used to examine the effects of prepartum energy and protein intake on periparturient metabolism and lactation performance. Two levels of energy, 1.65 Mcal/kg of net energy for lactation (NEL) and 1.30 Mcal/kg of NEL, and two levels of protein, 17.0% CP and 12.5% CP, were tested according to a factorial arrangement in a randomized block design. Dietary treatments were fed ad libitum from 21 d before expected calving date to the day of calving. After calving, all cows were fed the same diet. Increased nutrient density did not affect prepartum feed intake, but postpartum intake was higher for cows fed the high-energy diets. Treatment had no effect on cow body weight and body condition score, however, cows fed the high-energy diets were in greater energy balance throughout the study. Milk and milk component yields were unaffected by treatment. Cows fed the high-energy diets had lower plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentrations than cows fed the low energy diets (354.3 vs. 439.9 mumol/L). Hepatic triglyceride concentrations were lower for cows on the high-energy diets than for those on the low-energy diets. Liver glycogen was unaffected by treatment. Acetyl-CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthase abundance was significantly lower at calving than pretreatment, and higher for cows on the high-energy diets relative to those on the low-energy diets. The activity of acetyl-CoA carboxylase and lipoprotein lipase was greatly decreased with the onset of lactation. Increased protein intake prepartum resulted in elevated plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate concentrations postpartum, Prepartum plasma urea nitrogen was increased and 3-methylhistidine decreased by the high protein treatments. Overall, increased energy density of prepartum diets had beneficial effects on feed intake and lipid metabolism but did not improve lactation performance. Increasing the protein content of the prepartum diet did not appear to confer any advantages to cow productivity.
Worksite-based intensive lifestyle therapy has profound cardiometabolic benefits in people with obesity and type 2 diabetes; Lifestyle therapy (energy restriction and exercise) is the cornerstone of therapy for people with type 2 dia-betes (T2D) but is difficult to implement. We conducted an 8-month randomized controlled trial in persons with obesity and T2D (17 women and 1 man) to determine the therapeutic effects and potential mechanisms of intensive lifestyle therapy on cardiometabolic function. Intensive lifestyle therapy was conducted at the worksite to enhance compliance and resulted in marked (17%) weight loss and beneficial changes in body fat mass, intrahepatic triglyceride content, cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, glycemic control, b cell function, and multi-organ insulin sensitivity, which were associated with changes in muscle NAD+ biosynthesis, sirtuin signaling, and mitochondrial function and in adipose tissue remodeling. These findings demonstrate that intensive lifestyle therapy provided at the worksite has profound therapeutic clinical and physiological effects in people with T2D, which are likely mediated by specific alterations in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue biology.
Dietary modulation of the gut microbiota - a randomised controlled trial in obese postmenopausal women; The gut microbiota has been implicated in obesity and its progression towards metabolic disease. Dietary interventions that target the gut microbiota have been suggested to improve metabolic health. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of interventions with Lactobacillus paracasei F19 or flaxseed mucilage on the gut microbiota and metabolic risk markers in obesity. A total of fifty-eight obese postmenopausal women were randomised to a single-blinded, parallel-group intervention of 6-week duration, with a daily intake of either L. paracasei F19 (9.4x10(10) colony-forming units), flaxseed mucilage (10 g) or placebo. Quantitative metagenomic analysis of faecal DNA was performed to identify the changes in the gut microbiota. Diet-induced changes in metabolic markers were explored using adjusted linear regression models. The intake of flaxseed mucilage over 6 weeks led to a reduction in serum C-peptide and insulin release during an oral glucose tolerance test (P<0.05) and improved insulin sensitivity measured by Matsuda index (P<0.05). Comparison of gut microbiota composition at baseline and after 6 weeks of intervention with flaxseed mucilage showed alterations in abundance of thirty-three metagenomic species (P<0.01), including decreased relative abundance of eight Faecalibacterium species. These changes in the microbiota could not explain the effect of flaxseed mucilage on insulin sensitivity. The intake of L. paracasei F19 did not modulate metabolic markers compared with placebo. In conclusion, flaxseed mucilage improves insulin sensitivity and alters the gut microbiota; however, the improvement in insulin sensitivity was not mediated by the observed changes in relative abundance of bacterial species.
Hepatic mRNA expression for genes related to somatotropic axis, glucose and lipid metabolisms, and inflammatory response of periparturient dairy cows treated with recombinant bovine somatotropin; Objectives of this experiment were to evaluate the effects of recombinant; bovine somatotropin (rbST) treatment of periparturient dairy cows on hepatic mRNA expression for genes related to the somatotropic axis, insulin, glucose, and lipid metabolism, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Holstein cows were enrolled in the experiment at 253 +/- 3 d of gestation and assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: untreated control (n = 53), 87.5 mg of rbST (n = 56; rbST87.5), and 125 mg of rbST (n = 57; rbST125). Cows in the rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments received weekly injections of rbST from -21 to 28 d relative to calving. A subsample of cows (control = 20, rbST87.5 = 20, rbST125 = 20) was randomly selected for collection of liver samples according to expected calving date, BCS, and previous lactation 305-d mature equivalent milk yield. Only cows that had liver sampled at -21 +/- 3, -7 +/- 3. and 7 +/- 3 d relative to calving were used in the current experiment. Blood, sampled weekly from -28 to 21 d relative to calving, was used to determine the concentrations of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor 1. insulin, cortisol, fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, glucose, haptoglobin, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Liver samples were used to determine hepatic mRNA expression of 50 genes. Treatment with rbST increased growth hormone concentrations during the postpartum period (control = 9.0 +/- 0.7, rbST87.5 = 15.3 +/- 1.0, rbST125 = 18.5 +/- 1.3 ng/mL) and increased insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations during the prepartum period (control = 107.4 +/- 7.2, rbST87.5 = 126.9 +/- 6.6, rbST125 = 139.4 +/- 6.9 ng/mL). Control cows had greater postpartum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate (control = 776.4 +/- 64.0, rbST87.5 = 628.4 +/- 59.7, rbST125 = 595.4 +/- 60.9 mu mol/L) than rbST cows. The rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments upregulated the hepatic mRNA expression for somatotropic axis genes (GHR, GHR1A, IGF1, IGFBP3, and SOCS2) on d -7 relative to calving and upregulated the mRNA expression for SOCS2 on d 7. On d -7, rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments increased mRNA expression for genes involved in hepatic lipid transport (ANGPTL4, APOA5, APOB100, and SCARB1) and downregulated mRNA expression for PPARD, which is involved in lipid storage. On d 7, rbST tended to upregulated the mRNA expression for genes involved in gluconeogenesis (PCK1) and fatty acid beta-oxidation (ACOX1), and downregulated the mRNA expression for genes involved in inflammation (TNFRSF1A, ICAM1, CXCL1, MYD88, HIF1A, IL1RN, NFKBIA, and SOCS3) and oxidative stress (XBP1). Administration of rbST during the periparturient period may improve liver function and health by increasing hepatic capacity for gluconeogenesis and lipid transport and by reducing inflammation and oxidative stress.
Protective effect of milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor-factor VIII after renal ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice; Objectives: Renal ischemia-reperfusion injury causes acute renal failure, and the hallmarks of renal ischemia-reperfusion injury are inflammation, apoptosis, necrosis, and capillary dysfunction. Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor-factor VIII (MFG-E8), a membrane-associated secretory glycoprotein, is produced by immune cells and reported to participate in multiple physiologic processes associated with tissue remodeling. We have recently shown that MFG-E8 treatment attenuates organ injury, inflammatory responses, and survival after sepsis through the enhancement of phagocytosis of apoptotic cells. The purpose of this study was to determine whether administration of MFG-E8 attenuates renal ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Dietary Intakes Associated with Successful Weight Loss and Maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance Trial; Background Dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified.
Genetic investigations on backfat thickness and body condition score in German Holstein cattle; Up to now, little has been known about backfat thickness (BFT) in dairy cattle. The objective of this study was to investigate the lactation curve and genetic parameters for BFT as well as its relationship with body condition score (BCS) and milk yield (MKG). For this purpose, a dataset was analysed including phenotypic observations of 1929 German Holstein cows for BFT, BCS and MKG recorded on a single research dairy farm between September 2005 and December 2022. Additionally, pedigree and genomic information was available. Lactation curves were predicted and genetic parameters were estimated for all traits in first to third lactation using univariate random regression models. For BCS, lactation curves had nadirs at 94 DIM, 101 DIM and 107 DIM in first, second and third lactation. By contrast, trajectories of BFT showed lowest values later in lactation at 129 DIM, 117 DIM and 120 DIM in lactation numbers 1 to 3, respectively. Although lactation curves of BCS and BFT had similar shapes, the traits showed distinct sequence of curves for lactation number 2 and 3. Cows in third lactation had highest BCS, whereas highest BFT values were found for second parity animals. Average heritabilities were 0.315 +/- 0.052, 0.297 +/- 0.048 and 0.332 +/- 0.061 for BCS in lactation number 1 to 3, respectively. Compared to that, BFT had considerably higher heritability in all lactation numbers with estimates ranging between 0.357 +/- 0.028 and 0.424 +/- 0.034. Pearson correlation coefficients between estimated breeding values for the 3 traits were negative between MKG with both BCS (r = -0.245 to -0.322) and BFT (r = -0.163 to -0.301). Correlation between traits BCS and BFT was positive and consistently high (r = 0.719 to 0.738). Overall, the results of this study suggest that BFT and BCS show genetic differences in dairy cattle, which might be due to differences in depletion and accumulation of body reserves measured by BFT and BCS. Therefore, routine recording of BFT on practical dairy farms could provide valuable information beyond BCS measurements and might be useful, for example, to better assess the nutritional status of cows.
Calcium and vitamin D for obesity: a review of randomized controlled trials; Obesity often coexists with low calcium intake and vitamin D insufficiency. There is emerging evidence of a role for these nutrients in the regulation of body weight. However, it is unclear whether increasing intakes of calcium and/or vitamin D during energy restriction, is a better strategy for weight and fat loss. We searched the literature from 2000 to date for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on weight loss that had increased calcium or vitamin D per se, or in combination. Primary and secondary studies were included for this analysis. A total of 15 RCTs on calcium with or without vitamin D and seven on vitamin D alone met our criteria. Two studies reported that supplemental calcium significantly increased fat loss during caloric restriction by 1.8 and 2.2 kg, three found differences between 1 and 3.5 kg but were statistically nonsignificant, while nine trials were equivocal (+/- 0.7 kg). The data on vitamin D supplementation during weight loss were too few to make firm conclusions. Current evidence from RCTs did not consistently support the contention that calcium and vitamin D accelerated weight or fat loss in obesity. There were studies that favoured the hypothesis but lacked the statistical power. There is a need for RCTs to examine the influence of vitamin D on body fat. European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (2011) 65, 994-1004; doi: 10.1038/ejcn.2011.106; published online 6 July 2011
The effect of inulin and resistant maltodextrin on weight loss during energy restriction: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded intervention; Purpose The objective of this study was to investigate the additive effects of combining energy restriction with dietary fibres on change in body weight and gut microbiota composition. Methods The study was a 12-week randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blinded, parallel intervention trial. A total of 116 overweight or obese participants were assigned randomly either to 10 g inulin plus 10 g resistant maltodextrin or to 20 g of placebo supplementation through 400 mL of milk a day, while on a - 500 kcal/day energy restricted diet. Results Altogether, 86 participants completed the intervention. There were no significant differences in weight loss or body composition between the groups. The fibre supplement reduced systolic (5.35 +/- 2.4 mmHg, p = 0.043) and diastolic (2.82 +/- 1.3 mmHg, p = 0.047) blood pressure to a larger extent than placebo. Furthermore, a larger decrease in serum insulin was observed in the placebo group compared to the fibre group (- 26.0 +/- 9.2 pmol/L, p = 0.006). The intake of fibre induced changes in the composition of gut microbiota resulting in higher abundances of Parabacteroides and Bifidobacteria, compared to placebo. The effects on blood pressure and glucose metabolism were mainly observed in women, and could be attributed to a higher gut microbiota diversity after intervention. Finally, the fibre group experienced a higher degree of gastrointestinal symptoms, which attenuated over time. Conclusions Supplementation of inulin and resistant maltodextrin did not provide an additional weight loss during an energy-restricted diet, but reduced both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Furthermore, the fibre supplement did stimulate the growth of potentially beneficial bacteria genera. Clinical trial registry The study was registered at http://www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT03135041.
Effects of a casein hydrolysate versus intact casein on gastric emptying and amino acid responses; PurposeMilk proteins and/or their hydrolysates have been reported to have beneficial effects for improving postprandial glycaemia. Gastric emptying is a major determinant of postprandial glycaemia, yet limited studies have examined the effects of intact milk proteins compared to hydrolysates on gastric emptying. We investigated gastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein.MethodsNine overweight and obese adults (meanSD age: 59.56.5years and BMI 28.4 +/- 2.6kg/m(2)) were studied in a randomised crossover design. Gastric emptying was assessed by paracetamol absorption test, with HPLC-MS being used for determining paracetamol and its primary metabolites in plasma. Glucose, insulin and amino acid responses were also assessed.ResultsLinear mixed model analysis showed no effect of treatment [F-(1,F- 55)=2.1, P=0.16] or treatmentxtime interactions [F-(6,F- 54)=1.5, P=0.21] for paracetamol concentrations. In addition, there were no significant differences between the intact casein and hydrolysate for any of the gastric emptying outcome measures (Cmax, AUC(0-30min), AUC(0-60min); AUC(0-240min)). However, insulin was increased in the early postprandial period (iAUC(0-15min,) iAUC(0-30min;)P<0.05) and there was a treatment effect for glucose [F-(1,F- 53)=5.3, P=0.03] following the casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein. No significant differences in amino acids were found between the two conditions.ConclusionsGastric emptying of a casein hydrolysate compared to intact casein does not differ. Mechanisms other than gastric emptying, for example the presence of a bioactive peptide sequence, may contribute to the glycaemic management effects of certain milk protein hydrolysates and warrant further investigation.
Reducing effect of calcium in combination with magnesium and lactulose on body fat mass in middle-aged Japanese women; Background: It has been reported that adequate calcium intake decreases body fat and appropriate intakes of magnesium suppress the development of the metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, lactulose increases the absorption of calcium and magnesium. An optimal combination of calcium, magnesium and lactulose may therefore reduce body fat mass. Methods: An open-label randomized controlled trial was conducted to investigate the body fat-reducing effects of a test food containing 300 mg calcium, 150 mg magnesium, and 4.0 g lactulose. Body composition parameters and blood hormone and urine mineral concentrations were measured at baseline and at 6 and 12 months thereafter. Whole-body fat mass was measured with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Results: Seventy-six middle-aged Japanese women (47.5 +/- 4.7 years) were randomized to the intake group (n=48) or the non-intake control group (n=28). At 12 months the difference in body fat mass change between the two groups (intake group - control group) was -0.8 kg (95% CI: -1.5 - 0.0 kg, p=0.046), although there were no differences in anthropometric data between the two groups. Body fat percentage at 12 months tended to be lower in the intake group, but the difference was not significant (p=0.09). Conclusions: These findings may suggest that calcium in combination with magnesium and lactulose can reduce body fat mass in middle-aged Japanese women. However, the contribution of magnesium and lactulose are unclear in this study. Further studies are needed to clarify these contributions.
Science base of complementary feeding practice in infancy; Purpose of review
Consumption of Milk-Protein Combined with Green Tea Modulates Diet-Induced Thermogenesis; Green tea and protein separately are able to increase diet-induced thermogenesis. Although their effects on long-term weight-maintenance were present separately, they were not additive. Therefore, the effect of milk-protein (MP) in combination with green tea on diet-induced thermogenesis (DIT) was examined in 18 subjects (aged 18-60 years; BMI: 23.0 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2)). They participated in an experiment with a randomized, 6 arms, crossover design, where energy expenditure and respiratory quotient (RQ) were measured. Green tea (GT) vs. placebo (PL) capsules were either given in combination with water or with breakfasts containing milk protein in two different dosages: 15 g (15 MP) (energy% P/C/F: 15/47/38; 1.7 MJ/500 mL), and 3.5 g (3.5 MP) (energy% P/C/F: 41/59/0; 146.4 kJ/100 mL). After measuring resting energy expenditure (REE) for 30 min, diet-induced energy expenditure was measured for another 3.5 h after the intervention. There was an overall significant difference observed between conditions (p < 0.001). Post-hoc, areas under the curve (AUCs) for diet-induced energy expenditure were significantly different (P <= 0.001) for GT + water (41.11 [91.72] kJ.3.5 h) vs. PL + water (10.86 [28.13] kJ.3.5 h), GT + 3.5 MP (10.14 [54.59] kJ.3.5 h) and PL + 3.5 MP (12.03 [34.09] kJ.3.5 h), but not between GT + 3.5 MP, PL + 3.5 MP and PL + water, indicating that MP inhibited DIT following GT. DIT after GT + 15 MP (167.69 [141.56] kJ.3.5 h) and PL + 15 MP (168.99 [186.56] kJ.3.5 h) was significantly increased vs. PL + water (P < 0.001), but these were not different from each other indicating that 15 g MP stimulated DIT, but inhibited the GT effect on DIT. No significant differences in RQ were seen between conditions for baseline and post-treatment. In conclusion, consumption of milk-protein inhibits the effect of green tea on DIT.
Weight-loss induced by carbohydrate restriction does not negatively affect health-related quality of life and cognition in people with type 2 diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Background & aims: We evaluated the effect of weight loss induced by dietary carbohydrate restriction on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and cognition in type 2 diabetes (T2D).
The effects of dieting on food and nutrient intake of lactating women; The purpose of this report was to identify and evaluate dietary changes in women who were participating in a study on the effects of weight loss in overweight lactating women on the growth of their infants. Women were randomly assigned at 4 weeks postpartum to either restrict energy intake by 500 kcal/day (diet and exercise group) or to maintain usual dietary intake (control group) for 10 weeks. The diet and exercise group significantly decreased fats, sweetened drinks, sweets and desserts, snack foods, and energy intake. Micronutrient intake decreased in the diet and exercise group; however, mean intakes were not significantly different from those of the control group except for calcium and vitamin D. Both groups consumed less than 76% of the Recommended Dietary Allowance for vitamins E and C at the end of the study. Mean intake of all other nutrients was adequate in both groups. These results suggest that overweight lactating women can restrict their energy intake by 500 kcal per day by decreasing consumption of foods high in fat and simple sugars. However, they must be advised to increase their intakes of foods high in calcium and vitamin D. Increased intake of fruits and vegetables should also be recommended to all lactating women, as well as multivitamin and calcium supplements to those who do not consume adequate amounts of these foods.
Effect of low- and high-calcium dairy-based diets on macronutrient oxidation in humans; Objective: Higher calcium and dairy intakes may be associated with lower body weights, but a mechanism in humans has yet to be elucidated. We compared the effects of a dairy-based high-calcium diet and a low-calcium diet on macronutrient oxidation.
Joint modeling of bottle use, daily milk intake from bottles, and daily energy intake in toddlers; The current study follows an educational intervention on bottle-weaning to simultaneously evaluate effects of the bottle-weaning intervention on reducing bottle use, daily milk intake from bottles, and daily energy intake in toddlers aged 11-13 months. In this paper, we propose to use shared parameter models and random effects models to model these outcomes jointly. Our joint models consist of two submodels: a two-part submodel for modeling the odds of bottle use and the intensity of daily milk intake from bottles, and a linear mixed submodel for modeling the intensity of daily energy intake. The two submodels are linked by either shared random effects or separate but correlated random effects. We investigate whether the intervention effects, parameter estimates, and model fit differ between shared parameter models and random effects models.
Prevalence of Non-Communicable Disease Risk Factors Among the Elderly of Birjand in 2014; Objectives Noncommunicable diseases are the leading causes of death and disability, globally. Moreover, the aging population is growing in the world. These issues are among major public health challenges; thus, this study aimed to determine the prevalence of noncommunicable diseases risks factors among the elderly of Birjand City, Iran, in 2014.
Visceral adipose tissue mass in nonlactating dairy cows fed diets differing in energy density; Our objective was to determine dietary energy effects on feed intake, internal fat deposition, body condition score (BCS), visceral organ mass, and blood analytes in Holstein cows. Eighteen nonpregnant, nonlactating cows (BCS = 3.04 +/- 0.25) were blocked based on initial BCS and were randomly assigned within each block to 2 treatments. Treatments were either high energy [HE; net energy for lactation (NEL) = 1.62 Mcal/kg] or low energy (LE; NEL = 1.35 Mcal/kg) diets fed as total mixed rations for 8 wk. The LE diet consisted of 81.7% forage, including 40.5% wheat straw and 28.3% corn silage, whereas the HE diet contained 73.8% forage with no straw and 49.9% corn silage (dry matter basis). Cows were fed for ad libitum intake once daily at 0800 h. Feed intake was recorded daily, blood was sampled at wk 1, 4, and 7, and BCS was assigned at wk 1, 4, and 7. Cows were killed following the 8-wk period, and visceral organs, mammary gland, and internal adipose tissues were weighed and sampled. The HE group had greater dry matter intake (15.9 vs. 11.2 +/- 0.5 kg/d) and energy intakes than cows fed LE, but neutral detergent fiber intake did not differ (5.8 vs. 5.6 +/- 0.25 kg/d for HE and LE). Final body weight was greater for cows fed HE (807 vs. 750 kg), but BCS did not differ between groups (3.52 vs. 3.47 for HE and LE). Omental (26.8 vs. 15.2 +/- 1.6 kg/d), mesenteric (21.5 vs. 11.2 +/- 1.9 kg), and perirenal (8.9 vs. 5.4 +/- 0.9 kg) adipose tissue masses were larger in HE cows than in LE cows. Although subcutaneous adipose mass was not measured, carcass weight (including hide and subcutaneous fat) did not differ between HE (511 kg) and LE (496 kg). Liver weight tended to be greater for cows fed HE, but weights of gastrointestinal tract, heart, and kidney did not differ. Serum insulin tended to be greater and the glucose to insulin ratio was lower for cows fed HE. Serum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate and cholesterol were greater for HE cows than for LE cows but concentrations of glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, total protein, and albumin did not differ. Final BCS was correlated with masses of omental (r = 0.57), mesenteric (r = 0.59), and perirenal (r = 0.72) adipose tissue, but mesenteric adipose mass increased more as BCS increased for cows fed HE. The similar final BCS between HE and LE cows demonstrates that BCS may lack sensitivity to detect differences in visceral fat deposition that might increase risk for peripartal diseases and disorders.
The Effect of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Risk Factors Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in Healthy People-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Meta-Regression of Randomized Controlled Trials; We aimed to systematically review the effectiveness of probiotic/synbiotic formulations to counteract cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in healthy people not receiving adjunctive medication. The systematic search (PubMed/MEDLINE/Embase) until 1 August 2019 was performed for randomized controlled trials in >20 adult patients. Random-effect meta-analysis subgroup and meta-regression analysis of co-primary (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), glucose, insulin, body weight, waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, and blood pressure) and secondary outcomes (uric acid, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-PAI-1, fibrinogen, and any variable related to inflammation/endothelial dysfunction). We included 61 trials (5422 persons). The mean time of probiotic administration was 67.01 +/- 38.72 days. Most of probiotic strains were ofLactobacillusandBifidobacteriumgenera. The other strains wereStreptococci,Enterococci, andPediococci. The daily probiotic dose varied between 10(6)and 10(10)colony-forming units (CFU)/gram. Probiotics/synbiotics counteracted CMR factors (endpoint data on BMI: standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.156,p= 0.006 and difference in means (DM) = -0.45,p= 0.00 and on WC: SMD = -0.147,p= 0.05 and DM = -1.21,p= 0.02; change scores on WC: SMD = -0.166,p= 0.04 and DM = -1.35,p= 0.03) in healthy persons. Overweight/obese healthy people might additionally benefit from reducing total cholesterol concentration (change scores on WC in overweight/obese: SMD: -0.178,p= 0.049). Poor quality of probiotic-related trials make systematic reviews and meta-analyses difficult to conduct and draw definite conclusions. "Gold standard" methodology in probiotic studies awaits further development.
Randomized Trial to Assess the Impact of Venlafaxine and Soy Protein on Hot Flashes and Quality of Life in Men With Prostate Cancer; Purpose
An unexpected detrimental effect on the incidence of heel pressure ulcers after local 5% DMSO cream application: A randomized, double-blind study in patients at risk for pressure ulcers; Background. Ischemia-reperfusion injury and reactive oxygen species (ROS) are considered to play an important role in the pathogenesis of pressure ulcers (PU). Antioxidants may diminish the inflammation and damage of these ROS in pressure ulcer formation. Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) is a hydroxyl antioxidant that inhibits leukocyte adherence. When used topically, DMSO is a safe and well-tolerated drug with excellent penetrating properties. In this prospective randomized study, the effect of topically applied DMSO on the prevention of PU formation is analyzed. Methods. In a randomized double-blinded study, the effects of massage with or without DMSO creams were assessed against controls for 2 locations (ie, heel and buttocks) in 79 patients prone for development of PU. Results. There was no difference in PU incidence between the 3 interventions on the buttocks. Surprisingly, the topical 5% DMSO cream group showed an increase in superficial pressure ulcers for the heel location. Conclusion. This is the first study on the possible role of DMSO in the prevention of PU. The results suggest an adverse effect on PU incidence in heel, whereas on the buttocks the DMSO cream seems to have no effect. Possible explanations for this unexpected detrimental effect are discussed.
Effects of diet-induced weight loss on postprandial vascular function after consumption of a mixed meal: Results of a randomized controlled trial with abdominally obese men; Background: Effects of weight loss on postprandial vascular function have not been studied so far. We therefore examined (i) effects of diet-induced weight loss on postprandial changes in various vascular function markers after consumption of a mixed meal and (ii) differences between normal-weight and abdominally obese men of comparable age at baseline and after weight loss.
Effect of Important Food Sources of Fructose-Containing Sugars on Inflammatory Biomarkers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Controlled Feeding Trials; Background: Fructose-containing sugars as sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) may increase inflammatory biomarkers. Whether this effect is mediated by the food matrix at different levels of energy is unknown. To investigate the role of food source and energy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials on the effect of different food sources of fructose-containing sugars on inflammatory markers at different levels of energy control. Methods: MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched through March 2022 for controlled feeding trials >= 7 days. Four trial designs were prespecified by energy control: substitution (energy matched replacement of sugars); addition (excess energy from sugars added to diets); subtraction (energy from sugars subtracted from diets); and ad libitum (energy from sugars freely replaced). The primary outcome was C-reactive protein (CRP). Secondary outcomes were tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. GRADE assessed certainty of evidence. Results: We identified 64 controlled trials (91 trial comparisons, n = 4094) assessing 12 food sources (SSB; sweetened dairy; sweetened dairy alternative [soy]; 100% fruit juice; fruit; dried fruit; mixed fruit forms; sweetened cereal grains and bars; sweets and desserts; added nutritive [caloric] sweetener; mixed sources [with SSBs]; and mixed sources [without SSBs]) at 4 levels of energy control over a median 6-weeks in predominantly healthy mixed weight or overweight/obese adults. Total fructose-containing sugars decreased CRP in addition trials and had no effect in substitution, subtraction or ad libitum trials. No effect was observed on other outcomes at any level of energy control. There was evidence of interaction/influence by food source: substitution trials (sweetened dairy alternative (soy) and 100% fruit juice decreased, and mixed sources (with SSBs) increased CRP); and addition trials (fruit decreased CRP and TNF-alpha; sweets and desserts (dark chocolate) decreased IL-6). The certainty of evidence was moderate-to-low for the majority of analyses. Conclusions: Food source appears to mediate the effect of fructose-containing sugars on inflammatory markers over the short-to-medium term. The evidence provides good indication that mixed sources that contain SSBs increase CRP, while most other food sources have no effect with some sources (fruit, 100% fruit juice, sweetened soy beverage or dark chocolate) showing decreases, which may be dependent on energy control. Clinicaltrials.gov: (NCT02716870).
Dietary sunflower oil modulates milk fatty acid composition without major changes in adipose and mammary tissue fatty acid profile or related gene mRNA abundance in sheep; There are very few studies in ruminants characterizing mammary and adipose tissue (AT) expression of genes and gene networks for diets causing variations in milk fatty acid (FA) composition without altering milk fat secretion, and even less complementing this information with data on tissue FA profiles. This work was conducted in sheep in order to investigate the response of the mammary gland and the subcutaneous and perirenal AT, in terms of FA profile and mRNA abundance of genes involved in lipid metabolism, to a diet known to modify milk FA composition. Ten lactating Assaf ewes were randomly assigned to two treatments consisting of a total mixed ration based on alfalfa hay and a concentrate (60 :40) supplemented with 0 (control diet) or 25 (SO diet) g of sunflower oil/kg of diet dry matter for 7 weeks. Milk composition, including FA profile, was analysed after 48 days on treatments. On day 49, the animals were euthanized and tissue samples were collected to analyse FA and mRNA abundance of 16 candidate genes. Feeding SO did not affect animal performance but modified milk FA composition. Major changes included decreases in the concentration of FA derived from de novo synthesis (e.g. 12:0, 14:0 and 16:0) and increases in that of long-chain FA (e.g. 18:0, c9-18:1, trans-18:1 isomers and c9,t11-CLA); however, they were not accompanied by significant variations in the mRNA abundance of the studied lipogenic genes (i.e. ACACA, FASN, LPL, CD36, FABP3, SCD1 and SCD5) and transcription factors (SREBF1 and PPARG), or in the constituent FA of mammary tissue. Regarding the FA composition of AT, the little influence of SO did not appear to be linked to changes in gene mRNA abundance (decreases of GPAM and SREBF1 in both tissues, and of PPARG in the subcutaneous depot). Similarly, the great variation between AT (higher contents of saturated FA and trans-18:1 isomers in the perirenal, and of cis-18:1, c9,t11-CLA and n-3 PUFA in the subcutaneous AT) could not be related to differences in gene mRNA abundance due to tissue site (higher LPL and CD36, and lower SREBF1 in perirenal than in subcutaneous AT). Overall, these results suggest a marginal contribution of gene expression to the nutritional regulation of lipid metabolism in these tissues, at least with the examined diets and after 7 weeks on treatments. It cannot be ruled out, however, that the response to SO is mediated by other genes or post-transcriptional mechanisms.
Socio-economic differences in takeaway food consumption among adults; Objective: To examine socio-economic differences in the frequency and types of takeaway foods consumed.
Effects of different protein and glycemic index diets on metabolic profiles and substrate partitioning in lean healthy males; Dietary glycemic index (GI) and protein affects postprandial insulin responses and consequently 24 h glucose metabolism and therefore substrate partitioning. This study investigated the mechanistic effects of different protein and GI diets on 24 h profiles of metabolic markers and substrate partitioning. After 3 days of diet and physical activity standardization, 10 healthy male subjects (BMI: 22.5 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)) stayed in a respiration chamber 4 times for 36 h each time to measure substrate partitioning. All subjects randomly received four isoenergetic diets: a normal (15En%) dairy protein and low GI (<40 units) (NDP-LGI) diet; a high (25En%) dairy protein and low GI (HDP-LGI) diet; a normal vegetable protein and low GI (NVP-LGI) diet; or a normal dairy protein and high GI (>60 units) (NDP-HGI) diet. During the day, blood was sampled at fixed time points for the measurement of metabolic markers and satiety hormones. The HDP-LGI diet increased 24 h protein oxidation and sleeping metabolic rate (SMR) compared with the NDP-LGI diet (p < 0.002). No significant differences in 24 h carbohydrate and fat oxidation (day and night) were found between all intervention diets. Net incremental area under the curve (net iAUC) of 24 h plasma glucose decreased in the HDP-LGI diet compared with the NDP-LGI diet (p < 0.01), but no effect was observed on insulin levels. No difference in appetite profiles were observed between all intervention diets. The lower 24 h glycemic profile as a result of a high dairy protein diet did not lead to changes in 24 h substrate partitioning in lean healthy subjects with a normal insulin sensitivity.
Effects of a Dairy Supplement and Resistance Training on Lean Mass and Insulin-Like Growth Factor in Women; To examine the effect of yogurt supplementation pre- and postexercise on changes in body composition in overweight women engaged in a resistance-training program. Methods: Participants (age = 36.8 +/- 4.8 yr) with a body-mass index of 29.1 +/- 2.1 kg/m(2) were randomized to yogurt supplement (YOG; n = 15) or isoenergetic sucrose beverage (CONT; n = 14) consumed before and after exercise for 16 wk. Participants were also instructed to reduce energy intake daily (-1,046 kJ) during the study. Body composition was assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, waist circumference, and sagittal diameter. Strength was measured with 1-repetition maximum. Dietary recalls were obtained by a multipass approach using Nutrition Data System software. Insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth-factor-binding protein-3 were measured with ELISA. Results: Significant weight losses of 2.6 +/- 4.5 kg (YOG) and 1.2 +/- 2.5 kg (CONT) were observed. Total lean weight increased significantly over time in both YOG (0.8 +/- 1.2 kg) and CONT (1.1 +/- 0.9 kg). Significant reductions in total fat (YOG = 3.4 +/- 4.1 kg vs. CONT = 2.3 +/- 2.4 kg) were observed over time. Waist circumference, sagittal diameter, and trunk fat decreased significantly over time without group differences. Both groups significantly decreased energy intake while maintaining protein intake. Strength significantly increased over time in both groups. No changes over time or between groups were observed in hormone levels. Conclusions: These data suggest that yogurt supplementation offered no added benefit for increasing lean mass when combined with resistance training and modest energy restriction.
Early Postpartum Patterns of Breastfeeding Exclusivity and Perceived Insufficient Milk by Prepregnancy Body Mass Index; Objective: To explore trajectories of breastfeeding exclusivity and perceived insufficient milk (PIM) over the first 8 weeks postpartum among primiparous women and the association of these trajectories with prepregnancy body Design: Secondary analysis of data from a randomized controlled trial. Setting: Recruitment for the primary study was conducted in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Participants: One hundred twenty-two primiparous women with intention to exclusively breastfeed. Methods: We used group-based trajectory modeling to classify participants into breastfeeding exclusivity and PIM trajectory groups. We used logistic regression to explore the predictive relationship between prepregnancy BMI and breastfeeding exclusivity and PIM trajectory group memberships. Results: We identified two trajectories each for breastfeeding exclusivity and PIM over the first 8 weeks postpartum. For breastfeeding exclusivity, one group (n = 60, 49%) had low initial probability of exclusive breastfeeding with linear decline in likelihood of exclusivity over time. The other group (n = 62, 51%) had greater initial probability of exclusive breastfeeding, which remained constant over time. For PIM, one group (n = 41, 34%) had consistently greater probability of endorsing PIM at each time point, whereas the other group (n = 81, 66%) had consistently low probability of endorsing PIM over time. Prepregnancy BMI did not predict group membership in breastfeeding exclusivity, c2(1) = 2.8, p = .094, or PIM, c2(1) = 0.72, p = .397. Conclusion: Breastfeeding exclusivity and PIM appeared to be relatively stable phenomena in the postpartum period among a sample of predominately White primiparous women who intended to breastfeed. We did not find a clear association with prepregnancy BMI.
Effects of a Diet Containing Sources of Prebiotics and Probiotics and Modification of the Gut Microbiota on the Reduction of Body Fat; In 2022, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) report, overweight and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the WHO European Region, affecting almost 60% of adults. Based on the assessment of BMI (Body Mass Index), a group of 56 women aged 25-45 years (31 women group A average BMI 34.9 +/- 4.86 kg/m(2) and 25 women group B average BMI 33.4 +/- 4.02 kg/m(2)) were qualified for the study. In a multi-center, two-arm, parallel, non-randomized study, two types of weight-reduction diets (A and B) were used over a 3-month period. In group A, a standard low-energy diet was used with individually adjusted caloric intake of 1100-1300 kcal, with an increase in the amount and frequency of consumption of sauerkraut and groats and a daily intake of fermented milk drinks (300-400 g), fermented cucumbers (100 g), mineral water (1 L) and cod liver oil (5 mL). In group B, a standard low-energy diet with individually adjusted caloric intake of 1100-1300 kcal with daily intake of fermented milk products (150 g), highly mineralized water (0.5 L), once a week fermented cucumbers, and once a week buckwheat groats was used. The following measurements were taken: body weight, body fat mass, water content, body height, waist circumference, and hip circumference. Body weight and body composition were measured using the Tanita MC-780 MA and TANITA BC-601 analyzer using the bioelectric bioimpedance method. The stool samples were analyzed in the microbiology laboratory where quantification of Bifidobcaterium spp., Bacteroides spp., Faecalibacterium prausnitzii species, Akkermansia muciniphila and total bacterial count (TBC) was performed. Under the influence of the introduced nutritional intervention, a statistically significant reduction in body weight, body fat, waist circumference, and hip circumference was demonstrated after 3 months. Under the influence of weight reduction, as well as dietary changes, there was an increase in the number of Akkermansia muciniphila bacteria in the women studied. The low-energy diet containing sources of natural prebiotics and probiotics had a more favorable effect on the number of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii bacteria compared to the standard diet.
Is breakfast consumption detrimental, unnecessary, or an opportunity for health promotion? A review of cardiometabolic outcomes and functional food choices; Breakfast consumption is generally considered a health-promoting habit for cardiometabolism, particularly with regard to chrononutrition. Glucose uptake is enhanced by proper insulin secretion triggered by the pancreatic clock, averting metabolic dysregulation related to insulin resistance. Breakfast skipping, in turn, is often considered a behaviour detrimental to health, in part due to putative inverse metabolic actions compared to breakfast consumption, such that breakfast skipping may promote circadian desynchrony. However, most ill health concerns about breakfast skipping are inferred from observational research, and recent well-controlled randomized clinical trials have shown benefits of breakfast skipping for cardiovascular risk factors. Accordingly, this review describes the effects of breakfast consumption versus breakfast skipping on cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure and glycaemic and lipid indices). In addition, the view of breakfast consumption as an opportunity for functional food ingestion is considered to provide further insights into decision-making practice. Collectively, both breakfast consumption and breakfast skipping can be considered viable habits, but they depend on individual preferences, planning, and the specific foods being consumed or omitted. When consumed, breakfast should consist primarily of functional foods typical for this meal (e.g., eggs, dairy products, nuts, fruits, whole grains, coffee, tea, etc.). While breakfast consumption aligns with chrononutrition principles, breakfast skipping can contribute to a calorie deficit over time, which has the potential for widespread cardiometabolic benefits for patients with overweight/obesity. The concepts and practical considerations discussed in the present review may aid health care personnel in personalising breakfast consumption recommendations for diverse patient populations.
The effect of daily fortified yogurt consumption on weight loss in adults with metabolic syndrome: A 10-week randomized controlled trial; Background and Aims: Obesity is a complex and multifaceted condition. Thus, functional foods need investigation as novel adjunct treatments for obesity. The objective was to determine the effects of daily consumption of a fortified yogurt (FY) on weight loss in over-weight and obese patients with metabolic syndrome on a caloric-restricted diet.
Effects of abomasal lipid infusion on liver triglyceride accumulation and adipose lipolysis during fatty liver induction in dairy cows; The objective was to determine the effects of abomasal infusion of linseed oil on liver triglyceride (TG) accumulation and adipose tissue lipolysis during an experimental protocol for induction of fatty liver. Eight nonpregnant, nonlactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to treatments in a replicated 4 x 4 Latin square design. Treatments were abomasal infusion of water (W), tallow (T), linseed oil (LO), or half linseed oil and half tallow (LOT) at a rate of 0.56 g/kg of body weight per day. Each experimental period consisted of a 4-d fast concurrent with administration of treatments into the abomasum in 6 equal doses per day (every 4 h). Cows were fed ad libitum for 24 d between periods of fasting and lipid infusion. Infusion of linseed oil (LO and LOT) increased alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3n-3) content in serum (12.2, 10.4, 4.2, and 4.6 g/100 g of fatty acids for LO, LOT, T, and W, respectively), but not in the nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) fraction of plasma. Treatments had no effect on plasma NEFA concentrations. Abomasal infusion of lipid increased in vitro stimulated lipolysis in subcutaneous adipose tissue, compared with W (4,294, 3,809, 4,231, and 3,293 nmol of glycerol released x g(-1) tissue x 2 h(-1) for LO, LOT, T, and W, respectively), but there was no difference between fat sources. Hepatic TG accumulation over 4-d fast was 2.52, 2.60, 2.64, and 2.09 +/- 0.75 mu g of TG/mu g of DNA for W, LO, LOT, and T, respectively, which did not differ. Abomasal infusion of LO did not reduce liver TG accumulation, plasma NEFA concentration, or alter in vitro adipose tissue lipolysis when compared with T. These results contrast with a previous study involving i.v. infusion of lipid emulsion derived from LO. Discrepancies might be explained by the use of different administration routes and a relatively modest induction of liver TG accumulation in the current experiment.
A Whole-Grain Diet Increases Whole-Body Protein Balance Compared with a Macronutrient-Matched Refined-Grain Diet; Background: There are limited data from randomized control trials to support or refute the contention that whole-grains can enhance protein metabolism in humans.
Duration of Breast-feeding and Adiposity in Adult Life; Few studies have examined whether the duration of breast-feeding is associated with BMI in adult life. In the past, the heights and weights of infants and the duration of breast-feeding were routinely recorded at infant welfare clinics in Helsinki, Finland. Most infants in the city were taken to these free clinics. The Helsinki Birth Cohort comprises 13,345 people born in the city during 1934-1944; 84% were breast-fed. In 2001, a questionnaire was sent to members of the cohort asking about their weight and height. A random sample of 2003 men and women attended a clinic at which height, weight, and body composition were measured. We studied sibships that included 2 or more people from the cohort. There were 1823 subjects: 831 had completed the questionnaire; 129 had attended the clinic. We grouped the subjects according to duration of breast-feeding: 0-2 mo, 3-4 mo, 5-7 mo, and 8 mo or more. We compared siblings who were discordant for duration of breast-feeding. We found that a longer period of breast-feeding was associated with lower BMI at 1 y of age (P = 0.04 for a linear trend). This relation disappeared by the age of 7 y. People breast-fed for 5-7 mo had the lowest reported BMI at age 60 y, although this was not statistically significant; 8.8% more people breast-fed for 8 mo or more had reported BMIs that were overweight (25 to 30 kg/m(2)) compared with those breast-fed for shorter periods (P = 0.06). Breast-feeding for < 2 mo or 8 mo or more was associated with an increased BM I and percentage body fat in later life, measured at the clinic (P = 0.08 and P = 0.03 for quadratic trends). We conclude that breast-feeding for <2 mo may be deleterious, possibly because of lack of exposure to protective factors in breast milk. Breast-feeding beyond 8 mo may be deleterious because mother's hormones in breast milk reset the infant's hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis. J. Nutr. 139: 422S-425S, 2009.
Fermented milk products are associated to ulcer disease. Results from a cross-sectional population study; Background: Prevalence of peptic ulcer disease has been associated to diet. Some dietary factors seem to have bactericidal effect which may modify the risk of peptic ulcer disease. The objective was to analyze associations between dietary habits and peptic ulcers.
The influence of the type of dietary fat on postprandial fat oxidation rates: monounsaturated (olive oil) vs saturated fat (cream); OBJECTIVE: To compare postprandial whole-body fat oxidation rates in humans, following high-fat (43% of total energy) mixed breakfast meals, of fixed energy and macronutrient composition, rich in either monounsaturated fat (MUFA) from extra virgin olive oil or saturated fat (SFA) from cream.
Assessment of advice to reduce dietary fat and non-milk extrinsic sugar in a free-living male population; Objective: To compare the effect of advice to reduce both dietary fat and sugar with advice to reduce fat alone on subsequent dietary intake in Scottish men.
The influence of dietary and supplemental calcium on postprandial effects of a high-fat meal on lipaemia, glycaemia, C-reactive protein and adiponectin in obese women; Non-fasting hypertriacylglycerolaemia is a risk factor for CVD and the amount of fat in a meal seems to be the main factor influencing postprandial lipaemia. Although several studies suggest that Ca can increase faecal fat excretion, it is not known whether Ca can decrease postprandial TAG. This study aimed to evaluate the influence of dietary Ca (DC) and supplemental Ca (SC) on lipaemia, glucose metabolism, C-reactive protein (CRP) and adiponectin during postprandial period in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal. In this cross-over controlled trial, sixteen obese women aged 20-50 years were randomly assigned to receive three test meals (approximately 2900 kJ; 48 % fat): high DC (547 mg DC), high SC (HSCM; 500 mg SC-calcium carbonate) and low Ca (42 mg DC). Blood samples were collected in the fasting period and at minutes 120 and 240 after meals to evaluate total cholesterol and fractions, TAG, glucose, insulin, high-sensitivity CRP and adiponectin. Serum levels of TAG and insulin increased significantly after all test meals. Only after HSCM total cholesterol did not present a significant increase and LDL-cholesterol had a significant decrease. Postprandial glucose, HDL-cholesterol, CRP and adiponectin did not present significant changes after the three test meals. The comparative analysis of the effects of the three test meals on serum lipids, glucose, insulin, CRP and adiponectin revealed no significant meal-by-time interaction. These results suggest that in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal DC and SC do not interfere with postprandial lipaemia, glucose metabolism, CRP and adiponectin.
Which strategies to manage problem foods were related to weight loss in a randomized clinical trial?; Individuals managing their weight are often faced with problem foods that are difficult to resist eating. In the context of a weight-loss intervention, we characterized the most commonly reported problem foods and the behavioral strategies used to manage them, and examined which strategies were related to weight loss. Women with overweight and obesity (N = 186) participated in a one-year randomized trial of three interventions (NCT01474759): standard advice to eat less food, choosing portions based on energy density, and using pre-portioned foods. At Months 0, 6, and 12 of the trial, participants listed the foods they found most problematic and reported the frequency of using eight behavioral strategies to control intake of these foods, including three practices for avoiding exposure to problem foods and three for consuming them but limiting intake. The responses showed that 82% of the top three problem foods were in the categories of sweet baked items, salty snacks, starchy side dishes, chocolate and candy, and ice cream. After one year, women who reported more frequently using the strategy of limiting portions of problem foods had a greater rate of weight loss (kg/week), regardless of their intervention group (p < 0.0001). Among women who limited portions of problem foods less frequently, those using pre-portioned foods had greater initial weight loss compared to the other two groups, but then regained weight at a greater rate (p < 0.0001). The three avoidance strategies for problem foods were reported to be frequently used but were not found to be related to weight loss. These results suggest that adopting and maintaining strategies to manage portions of problem foods, rather than avoiding exposure to them, can be a more useful approach for weight loss.
Oral administration of <i>Bifidobacterium breve</i> B-3 modifies metabolic functions in adults with obese tendencies in a randomised controlled trial; Accumulating evidence suggests an association between gut microbiota and the development of obesity, raising the possibility of probiotic administration as a therapeutic approach. Bifidobacterium breve B-3 was found to exhibit an anti-obesity effect on high-fat diet-induced obesity mice. In the present study, a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of the consumption of B. breve B-3 on body compositions and blood parameters in adults with a tendency for obesity. After a 4-week run-in period, the participants were randomised to receive either placebo or a B-3 capsule (approximately 5 x 10(10) colony-forming units of B-3/d) daily for 12 weeks. A significantly lowered fat mass was observed in the B-3 group compared with the placebo group at week 12. Improvements were observed for some blood parameters related to liver functions and inflammation, such as gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Significant correlations were found between the changed values of some blood parameters and the changed fat mass in the B-3 group. These results suggest the beneficial potential of B. breve B-3 in improving metabolic disorders.
Interaction of serum vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and folate with <i>MTHFR</i> genotypes on risk of ischemic stroke; ObjectiveWe evaluated the interaction of serum folate and vitamin B-12 with methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T genotypes on the risk of first ischemic stroke and on the efficacy of folic acid treatment in prevention of first ischemic stroke.MethodsA total of 20,702 hypertensive adults were randomized to a double-blind treatment of daily enalapril 10 mg and folic acid 0.8 mg or enalapril 10 mg alone. Participants were followed up every 3 months.ResultsMedian values of folate and B-12 concentrations at baseline were 8.1 ng/mL and 280.2 pmol/L, respectively. Over a median of 4.5 years, among those not receiving folic acid, participants with baseline serum B-12 or serum folate above the median had a significantly lower risk of first ischemic stroke (hazard ratio [HR], 0.74; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.57-0.96), especially in those with MTHFR 677 CC genotype (wild-type) (HR, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.31-0.78). Folic acid treatment significantly reduced the risk of first ischemic stroke in participants with both folate and B-12 below the median (2.3% in enalapril-folic acid group vs 3.6% in enalapril-only group; HR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.46-0.86), particularly in MTHFR 677 CC carriers (1.6% vs 4.9%; HR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.11-0.55). However, TT homozygotes responded better with both folate and B-12 levels above the median (HR, 0.28; 95% CI, 0.10-0.75).ConclusionsThe risk of first ischemic stroke was significantly higher in hypertensive patients with low levels of both folate and B-12. Effect of folic acid treatment was greatest in patients with low folate and B-12 with the CC genotype, and with high folate and B-12 with the TT genotype.
Differential effects of saturated and monounsaturated fats on postprandial lipemia and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background: Postprandial lipemia is important in the development of coronary artery disease because of elevated postprandial triacylglycerol-rich plasma lipoproteins and suppressed HDL-cholesterol concentrations. We showed in healthy subjects a possible association between postprandial lipid metabolism and the responses of the duodenal incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and gastric inhibitory polypeptide after meals rich in saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid), respectively.
Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial: Baseline Evaluation of Selected Nutrients and Food Group Intake; Background Little has been reported regarding food and nutrient intake in individuals diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and most reports have been based on findings in select groups or individuals who self-reported having diabetes.
Satiety scores and satiety hormone response after sucrose-sweetened soft drink compared with isocaloric semi-skimmed milk and with non-caloric soft drink: a controlled trial; Background/Objectives: Observational studies indicate that sugar-sweetened soft drinks (SSSD) may promote obesity, among other factors, owing to low-satiating effects. The effect of energy in drinks on appetite is still unclear. We examined the effect of two isocaloric, but macronutrient, different beverages (SSSD versus semi-skimmed milk) and two non-energy-containing beverages (aspartame-sweetened soft drink (ASSD) and water) on appetite, appetite-regulating hormones and energy intake (EI).
Randomised controlled trial of effect of whole soy replacement diet on features of metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women: study protocol; Introduction: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a public health problem in postmenopausal women. Whole soy foods are rich in unsaturated fats, high quality plant protein and various bioactive phytochemicals that may have a beneficial role in the management of MetS. The aim of the study is to examine the effect of whole soy replacement diet on the features of MetS among postmenopausal women.
Effect of propylene glycol on fatty liver development and hepatic fructose 1,6 bisphosphatase activity in periparturient dairy cows; Twenty-three Holstein Friesian cows were randomly allocated to: a control group of 9 cows and a treated group of 14 cows that were drenched with 400 ml of propylene glycol once daily from 7 (6 4) days before anticipated calving date until 7 days after calving. At -2, 2, and 4 weeks from parturition, concentrations of glucose, non-esterified fatty acid, beta-hydroxylbutyrate, and total cholesterol concentrations were determined in blood samples, and concentrations of triacylglycerol. and glycogen and activity of fructose 1,6 bisphosphatase were determined in liver samples. Milk yields were recorded daily. Compared with the concentrations at -2 weeks, serum glucose concentrations were reduced at 2 and 4 weeks, but the concentrations did not differ between treatments. Serum non-esterified fatty acid concentrations did not differ between the two groups at -2 weeks; increased 269% and 118% for control and treated groups, respectively, at week 2 postpartum; and were higher at 2 and 4 weeks postpartum for control cows. Serum P-hydroxybutyrate concentration did not differ between the two groups at -2 weeks, but increased after calving and was higher for control than for treated group at 2 weeks postpartum. At all sampling times, serum cholesterol concentrations did not differ between groups, the concentrations were higher at week 4 postpartum than at weeks -2 and 2 for both groups. Liver triacylglycerol concentrations increased 245% and 125% between weeks -2 and 2 in control and treated cows, respectively. Hepatic triacylglycerol concentrations did not differ between the two groups; however, the concentrations were higher at 2 and 4 weeks for control than for treated cows. Hepatic glycogen concentrations decreased at week 2 compared to week -2, but were similar between groups at all intervals. Hepatic fructose 1,6 bisphosphatase activity did not change throughout the experimental period in both groups, and were similar in both groups at all intervals. Average 30-day milk yields were 29.1 +/- 5.3 and 30.2 +/- 4.1 kg/day for control and treated groups, respectively, and did not differ between groups. Our results indicated that dairy cows drenched with propylene glycol at a dosage of 400 ml/cow daily may reduce fat mobilization as evidenced by the reduction in plasma non-esterified fatty acids and reduce triacylglycerol accumulation in the liver. In conclusion, propylene glycol administered daily from 7 days prepartum to 7 days postpartum may reduce the risks of fatty liver and its consequences in cows. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dairy products consumption and metabolic syndrome in adults: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; The association of dairy products consumption with risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) has been inconsistently reported in observational studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of published observational studies was conducted to quantitatively evaluate this association. Relevant studies were identified by searching PubMed and EMBASE databases and by carefully checking the bibliographies of retrieved full reports and related reviews. Eligible studies were observational studies that investigated the association between dairy products consumption and risk of MetS in adults, with risk estimates available. Random-effects model was assigned to calculate the summary risk estimates. The final analysis included 15 cross-sectional studies, one case-control study and seven prospective cohort studies. Higher dairy consumption significantly reduced MetS by 17% in the cross-sectional/case-control studies (odds ratio = 0.83, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.73-0.94), and by 14% (relative risk [RR] = 0.86, 95% CI, 0.79-0.92) in cohort studies. The inverse dairy-MetS association was consistent in subgroup and sensitivity analyses. The dose-response analysis of the cohort studies conferred a significant 6% (RR = 0.94, 95% CI, 0.90-0.98) reduction in the risk of MetS for each increment in dairy consumption of one serving/d. No significant publication bias was observed. Our findings suggest an inverse dose-response relationship between dairy consumption and risk of MetS.
Red Meat Intake and the Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases: A Prospective Cohort Study in the Million Veteran Program; Background: Red meat consumption was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in prospective cohort studies and a profile of biomarkers favoring high CVD risk in short-term controlled trials. However, several recent systematic reviews and metaanalyses concluded with no or weak evidence for limiting red meat intake. Objectives: To prospectively examine the associations between red meat intake and incident CVD in an ongoing cohort study with diverse socioeconomic and racial or ethnic backgrounds. Methods: Our study included 148,506 participants [17,804 female (12.0%)] who were free of cancer, diabetes, and CVD at baseline the Million Veteran Program. A food frequency questionnaire measured red meat intakes at baseline. Nonfatal myocardial infarction acute ischemic stroke were identified through a high-throughput phenotyping algorithm, and fatal CVD events were identified by searching the National Death Index. Results: Comparing the extreme categories of intake, the multivariate-adjusted relative risks of CVD was 1.18 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.38; P -trend 0.0001) for total red meat, 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.36; P -trend = 0.01) for unprocessed red meat, and 1.29 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.60; P -trend 0.003) for processed red meat. We observed a more pronounced positive association between red meat intake and CVD in African American participants than in White participants (P-interaction = 0.01). Replacing 0.5 servings/d of red meat with 0.5 servings/d of nuts, whole grains, and skimmed milk was associated with 14% (RR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.90), 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.89, 0.96), and 4% (RR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.94, 0.99) lower risks of CVD, respectively. Conclusions: Red meat consumption is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Our findings support lowering red meat intake replacing red meat with plant-based protein sources or low-fat dairy foods as a key dietary recommendation for the prevention of CVD.
Temporary deafferentation evoked by cutaneous anesthesia: behavioral and electrophysiological findings in healthy subjects; Motor function and motor excitability can be modulated by changes of somatosensory input. Here, we performed a randomized single-blind trial to investigate behavioral and neurophysiological changes during temporary deafferentation of left upper arm and forearm in 31 right-handed healthy adults. Lidocaine cream was used to anesthetize the skin from wrist to shoulder, sparing the hand. As control condition, on a different day, a neutral cream was applied to the same skin area. The sequence (first Lidocaine, then placebo or vice versa) was randomized. Behavioral measures included the Grating Orientation Task, the Von Frey hair testing and the Nine-hole-peg-test. Transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to investigate short-interval intracortical inhibition, stimulus response curves, motor evoked potential amplitudes during pre-innervation and the cortical silent period (CSP). Recordings were obtained from left first dorsal interosseous muscle and from left flexor carpi radialis muscle. During deafferentation, the threshold of touch measured at the forearm was significantly worse. Other behavioral treatment-related changes were not found. The CSP showed a significant interaction between treatment and time in first dorsal interosseous muscle. CSP duration was longer during Lidocaine application and shorter during placebo exposure. We conclude that, in healthy subjects, temporary cutaneous deafferentation of upper and lower arm may have minor effects on motor inhibition, but not on sensory or motor function for the adjacent non-anesthetized hand.
Anti-Inflammatory Nutrients and Obesity-Associated Metabolic-Inflammation: State of the Art and Future Direction; Growing evidence supports the hypothesis that dietary factors may play a role in systemic low-grade chronic inflammation. Summary evidence from randomized controlled trials has shown substantial effects on biomarkers of inflammation following the adoption of plant-based diets (including, but not limited to, the Mediterranean diet), while consistent findings have been reported for higher intakes of whole grains, fruits, and vegetables and positive trends observed for the consumption of legumes, pulses, nuts, and olive oil. Among animal food groups, dairy products have been shown to have the best benefits on biomarkers of inflammation, while red meat and egg have been shown to have neutral effects. The present review provides an overview of the mechanisms underlying the relation between dietary factors and immune system, with a focus on specific macronutrient and non-nutrient phytochemicals (polyphenols) and low-grade inflammation. Substantial differences within each macronutrient group may explain the conflicting results obtained regarding foods high in saturated fats and carbohydrates, underlying the role of specific subtypes of molecules (i.e., short-chain fatty acids or fiber vs. long chain fatty acids or free added sugars) when exploring the relation between diet and inflammation, as well as the importance of the food matrix and the commixture of foods in the context of whole dietary patterns. Dietary polyphenols and oligopeptides have been hypothesized to exert several functions, including the regulation of the inflammatory response and effects on the immune system. Overall, evidence suggests that dietary factors may affect the immune system regardless of obesity-related inflammation.
Hepatic one-carbon metabolism enzyme activities and intermediate metabolites are altered by prepartum body condition score and plane of nutrition in grazing Holstein dairy cows; Precalving feeding level and body condition score (BCS) alter postcalving energy balance and oxidant status of dairy cows. We hypothesized that the reported benefits of a controlled restriction precalving depend on precalving BCS. The objective was to identify alterations in activity and intermediates of the hepatic one-carbon metabolism, transsulfuration, and tricarboxylic acid pathways. Twenty-eight pregnant and nonlactating grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed (Friesian, Friesian x Jersey) were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial design: 2 prepartum BCS categories [4.0 (thin, BCS4) and 5.0 (optimal, BCS5); 10-point scale], by managing cows in late lactation to achieve the 2 groups at dry-off, and 2 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75 or 125% of estimated requirements), obtained via allowance (m(2)/cow) of fresh pasture composed of mostly perennial ryegrass and white cover. Average (+/- standard deviation) age was 6 +/- 2, 6 +/- 3, 5 +/- 1, and 7 I 3 yr for BCS4 fed 75 and 125%, and BCS5 fed 75 and 125%, respectively. Breed distribution (average + standard deviation) for the 4 groups was 79 +/- 21, 92 +/- 11, 87 +/- 31, and 74 +/- 23% Friesian, and 17 +/- 20, 8 +/- 11, 13 I 31, and 25 I 23% Jersey. Liver tissue was collected by biopsy at -7, 7, and 28 d relative to calving. Tissue was used for C-14 radio-labeling assays to measure betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate-homocysteine methyltransferase (MTR), and cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS) activity. Liver metabolomics was undertaken using a targeted liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry-based profiling approach. After initial liquid chromatography separation, mass spectra were acquired under both positive and negative ionization, whereas multiple reaction monitoring was used to measure target compound signal response (peak area count). Enzyme activity and metabolite peak area count were normalized with the homogenate protein concentration. Repeated measures analysis of variance via PROC MIXED in SAS (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC), with BCS, feeding, and time as fixed effects, and cow as random effect was used. All enzyme activities were affected by time, with betaine-homocysteine S-methyltransferase activity peaking at 7 d, whereas CBS and MTR activity decreased postpartum. Overall, thin cows had greater MTR activity, whereas cows fed 125% requirements had greater CBS activity. An interaction was detected between BCS and feeding for CBS activity, as thin cows fed 125% of requirements had greater overall activity. Compared with liver from BCS4 cows, BCS5 cows had overall greater betaine, glycine, butyrobetaine/acetylcholine, serine, and taurine concentrations. The same metabolites, plus choline and N-N-dimethylglycine, were overall greater in liver of cows fed 75% compared with those fed 125% of requirements. An interaction of BCS and feeding level was detected for the aforementioned metabolites plus methionine, cystathionine, cysteinesulfinate, and hypotaurine, due to greater overall concentrations in BCS5 cows fed 75% of requirements compared with other groups. Overall, differences in hepatic enzyme activity and intermediate metabolites suggest that both BCS and feeding level can alter the internal antioxidant system (e.g., glutathione and taurine) throughout the periparturient period. Further studies are needed to better understand potential mechanisms involved.
Probiotics and synbiotics supplementation improve glycemic control parameters in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: A GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Probiotics and synbiotics have been proposed to exhibit an important role in glucose homeostasis and maintain the balance of the gut microbiota. However, clinical trials have shown mixed findings. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effects of probiotics and synbiotics intake on glycemic outcomes among individuals with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library were searched up to March 2022 for published RCTs exploring the effectiveness of probiotics and synbiotics compared to control on glycemic outcomes. The random-effects model was applied in order to the estimation of 95 % confidence interval (CI) and the weighted mean difference (WMD) for each endpoint. Meta-analysis of forty-six RCTs (3067 participants) showed that probiotics and synbiotics supplementation significantly reduced fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (weighted mean difference (WMD): -11.18 mg/dl, 95 % CI: -13.60, -8.75, p<0.001), fasting insulin serum level (WMD: -1.23 mu IU/ml, 95 % CI: -1.76, -0.71, p<0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD: -0.35 %, 95 % CI: -0.44, -0.26, p<0.001), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD: -0.87, 95 % CI: -1.09, -0.65, p<0.001). Additionally, probiotics and synbiotics intake resulted in an increase in values of quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (WMD: 0.01, 95 % CI: 0.00, 0.01, p<0.001). However, probiotics and synbiotics consumption did not change glucose values following oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Our findings suggest that probiotic and synbiotic intake has favorable effects on glycemic profile in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
Effects of Low-Fat Diets Differing in Protein and Carbohydrate Content on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors during Weight Loss and Weight Maintenance in Obese Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Despite evidence for the benefits of higher-protein (HP) diets in weight loss, their role in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) management and weight maintenance is not clear. This randomised study compared the effects of a HP diet (38% carbohydrate, 30% protein, 29% fat) to a isocaloric higher-carbohydrate diet (HC: 53%: 21%: 23%) on cardiometabolic risk factors for 12 weeks in energy restriction (similar to 30% reduction) followed by 12 weeks of energy balance whilst performing regular exercise. Outcomes were measured at baseline and the end of each phase. Sixty-one overweight/obese adults (BMI (body mass index) 34.3 +/- 5.1 kg/m(2), aged 55 +/- 8 years) with T2DM who commenced the study were included in the intention-to-treat analysis including the 17 participants (HP n = 9, HC n = 8) who withdrew. Following weight loss (M +/- SEM: -7.8 +/- 0.6 kg), there were significant reductions in HbA1c (-1.4% +/- 0.1%, p < 0.001) and several cardiometabolic health risk factors. Improvements were sustained for 12 weeks when weight was stabilised and weight loss maintained. Both the HP and HC dietary patterns with concurrent exercise may be effective strategies for weight loss and weight maintenance in T2DM although further studies are needed to determine the longer term effects of weight maintenance.
Effect of dairy supplementation on body composition and insulin resistance in mice; Objective: This study examined whether yogurt supplementation attenuated the weight gain and insulin resistance in mice fed a moderate-fat diet.
Influence of Childhood and Adolescent Fat Development on Fat Mass Accrual During Emerging Adulthood: A 20-Year Longitudinal Study; ObjectiveFat mass and the prevalence of overweight/obesity (OWO) increase during emerging adulthood (EA; 18-25 years). The factors that contribute to the transition from having healthy weight to having OWO during EA are understudied. This study aimed to identify the independent effect of concurrent physical activity (PA) and energy intake (EI) and childhood/adolescent fat accrual, PA, and EI on EA fat accrual.
Growth of Pre-ruminant Kid Goats and the Composition of Carcass Fat Deposits: Effects of Providing a PUFA-rich Fat in the Milk Replacer and Influence of the Kidding Season; The aim of this study is to investigate the possibility of improving the composition of goat meat in terms overall, of the fatty acid composition of different fat deposits. The experiment is designed in an 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. The treatments consist of two different milk replacers, one including and one excluding 2% of Fish oil, and two different kidding seasons (spring or autumn). Twelve animals arc allocated at random, to each treatment. Animals are slaughtered when they reached it body weight of 7000+/-200g. The inclusion of fish oil has no significant effect on growth rate, food efficiency ratio or dressing percentage. The cover, intermuscular and intramuscular fat of the leg front the animals fed with the milk replacer including fish oil, present higher and lower proportions of n-3 PUFA and saturated fatty acids respectively, while that of n-6 PUFA remains unchanged. The inclusion of fish oil in the milk replacer increases the 20 : 5 content in the leg muscle from about 0.4 to 3.5%, and 22 : 6 content from 0.4 to 2.3%. The fatty acids 20 : 5 and 22 : 6 are also detected in the cover and intermuscular fat when fish oil is included in the diet. The kid goats born in autumn, show a higher birth weight and growth rate. The leg obtained from these animals, presents a higher proportion of muscle and a lower proportion of bone. However, in the animals born in spring, a somewhat more favourable composition is obtained in the leg fat deposits. The improvement in the quality of meat obtained is discussed, taking into account the feeding strategy provided and the class of animals in question.
Thiamine ameliorates inflammation of the ruminal epithelium of Saanen goats suffering from subacute ruminal acidosis; This study aimed to examine the role of thiamine in the local inflammation of ruminal epithelium caused by high-concentrate diets. Eighteen mid-lactating (148 +/- 3 d in milk; milk yield = 0.71 +/- 0.0300 kg/d) Saanen goats (body weight = 36.5 +/- 1.99 kg; body condition score = 2.73 +/- 0.16, where 0 = emaciated and 5 = obese) in parity 1 or 2 were selected. The goats were randomly divided into 3 groups (n = 6/group): (1) control diet (concentrate:forage 30:70), (2) high-concentrate diet (HC; concentrate:forage 70:30), and (3) high-concentrate diet with 200 mg of thiamine/kg of dry matter intake (THC; concentrate:forage 70:30). Goats remained on experimental diets for 8 wk. On the last day of 8 wk, ruminal and blood samples were collected to determine ruminal parameters, endotoxin lipopoly-saccharide, and blood inflammatory cytokines. Goats were slaughtered to collect ruminal tissue to determine gene and protein expression of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) signaling pathways. Thiamine supplementation increased ruminal pH (6.03 vs. 5.42) compared with the HC group. Propionate (21.08 vs. 31.61 mM), butyrate (12.08 vs. 19.39 mM), lactate (0.52 vs. 0.71 mM), and free lipopolysaccharide (42.16 vs. 55.87 x 10(3) endotoxin units/mL) concentrations in ruminal fluid were lower in THC goats compared with HC goats. Similar to plasma interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) concentration (209.31 vs. 257.23 pg/mL), blood CD8(+) percentage (27.57 vs. 34.07%) also decreased in response to thiamine. Compared with HC goats, THC goats had lower ruminal epithelium activity of the enzymes myeloperoxidase and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) 2 and 9. In contrast to HC, THC had downregulated mRNA expression of nuclear factor-kappa B (NFKB), TLR4, IL1B, MMP2, and MMP9 in ruminal epithelium. Thiamine supplementation led to lower relative protein expression of IL-1 beta, NF-kappa B unit p65, and phosphorylated NF-kappa B unit p65 in ruminal epithelium. Taken together, these results suggest that thiamine supplementation mitigates HC-induced local inflammation and ruminal epithelial disruption.
The effect of local anaesthetic on age-related capsaicin-induced mechanical hyperalgesia - A randomised, controlled study; Adults over 65 years exhibit a prolonged punctate hyperalgesia induced by topical application of capsaicin. The aim Of this Study was to investigate the role of peripheral afferent input in the slowed resolution of punctate hyperalgesia in older people. Twenty young (25.7 +/- 4.8 years) and 19 old (74.9 +/- 4.4 years) healthy adults were recruited, and subjects in each age group were randomly assigned to receive either EMLA cream (a local anaesthetic) (n = 10 in each age group) or Sorbolene treatment (n = 9 in the older group, n = 10 in the young group) after the development of punctate hyperalgesia. EMLA cream blocked punctate sensation and greatly reduced touch and warmth sensation. In comparison to Sorbolene treatment, EMLA abolished stroking but not punctate hyperalgesia in both age groups. The area Of punctate hyperalgesia was maintained in older adults over 4 h, while it declined in the Young. Older adults also reported reduced ratings to capsaicin-induced sensation and to stroking Stimulation, and had a smaller area of stroking hyperalgesia. Ratings to punctate Stimulation did not, however, differ between the age groups. Stoicism and Cautiousness measured with Pain Attitude Questionnaire were negatively correlated with highest pain rating in the Young, but not in the older groups. We suggest that the prolonged punctate hyperalgesia in older adults is possibly sustained by central mechanisms, indicating age differences in central plasticity following acute injury. The relationship between Such age-related changes and the chronicity of pain in older adults Should be further explored. (C) 2009 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Modification of Breakfast Fat Composition Can Modulate Cytokine and Other Inflammatory Mediators in Women: A Randomized Crossover Trial; Previous trials have demonstrated that modifying dietary fat composition can influence the production of inflammation-related factors. Additionally, it has been suggested that not only the type of fat, but also the timing of fat intake can impact these factors. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of altering breakfast fat composition on inflammatory parameters. A 3-month crossover randomized trial was designed, involving 60 institutionalized women who alternately consumed a breakfast rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (margarine), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (virgin olive oil), or saturated fatty acids (SFA) (butter), based on randomization. The following inflammatory markers were evaluated: epidermal growth factor (EGF), interferon (IFN)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-1 alpha, IL-1 alpha, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, C-reactive protein (CRP), and vascular/endothelial growth factor (VEGF). The results showed that the most significant effects were observed with the high-MUFA breakfast, as there was a statistically significant decrease in plasma IL-6 (p = 0.016) and VEGF values (p = 0.035). Other factors, such as IL-1 alpha and CRP, also decreased substantially, but did not reach the statistically significant level. On the other hand, the high-PUFA breakfast induced a significant decrease in EGF levels (p < 0.001), whereas the high-SFA breakfast had no apparent effect on these factors. In conclusion, modifying breakfast fat, particularly by increasing MUFA or PUFA intake, appears to be sufficient for promoting a lower inflammatory marker synthesis profile and may be beneficial in improving cardiovascular complications.
Perceived health-related self-efficacy associated with BMI in adults in a population-based survey; Background: The concept of ability to control personal behaviour in various environmental temptations is called self-efficacy. The high prevalence of obesity and overweight in Finland is the reason for studying the determinants of weight. The aim of the present study was to clarify the associations between body mass index and health-related self-efficacy (HSE), including food patterns, health behaviour and education. Methods: A random sample of adults was invited to the cross-sectional FINRISK 2002 Study in six regions in Finland. Participants (n=7784) gave information on education, health behaviour, HSE and food consumption. Height and weight were measured in a health examination. The response rate was 60% for men and 71% for women. Six food patterns were identified by principal component analysis on the basis of food consumption. The scores from seven-item HSE was calculated and categorized into tertiles for the analysis. The associations of BMI with self-efficacy and exploratory variables were tested using general linear modelling in total population and by gender. Results: A weak HSE was associated with a higher BMI after adjusting for age, education, food patterns and health behaviour. In addition, low education, infrequent PA and non-smoking were associated with the higher BMI, but the association of HSE and BMI remained in multivariate model. The associations of food patterns and BMI were small. The adverse association with BMI was observed for patterns with sweet and butter. Conclusion: The study supports the importance of self-control in weight management, which needs to be considered as an empowerment tool in health education.
Consumers' willingness to pay for nutritional claims fighting the obesity epidemic: the case of reduced-fat and low salt cheese in Spain; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate consumers' willingness to pay (WTP) for cheeses bearing reduced-fat and low salt claims in Spain.
Variation in plasma concentrations of insulin-like growth factor-I in pasture-fed Holstein cows; The objective of this 5-wk study was to determine dietary effects on plasma concentrations of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), as well as milk production and milk components in pasture-fed dairy cows. Thirty-two Holstein cows 4 to 5 wk postpartum were randomly assigned to 4 dietary subgroups. Feed was provided twice daily ad libitum at 0900 and 1600 h composed of fresh-cut pasture, meadow hay, and pelleted cereal grain to achieve differing levels of DMI and ME density (LL: 16.6 kg of DMI and 174 MJ of ME; HL: 17.3 kg of DMI and 181.1 MJ of ME; LH: 15.4 kg of DMI and 183.1 MJ of ME; HH: 17.9 kg of DMI and 213.3 MJ of ME, with the first letter indicating DMI and the second ME, and with H indicating high and L indicating low, respectively). The first day cows were placed on their diets was designated d 0. Concentrations of IGF-I were measured in frozen-thawed samples of plasma using a verified ELISA. Dietary treatment had affected plasma concentrations of IGF-I by d 7 with cows on high ME diets having greater IGF-I concentrations at d 14 (83.7 vs. 45.6 ng/mL) than cows on the low ME diets. The level of DMI had less effect on plasma concentrations of IGF-I at d 14 (72.2 vs. 57.1 ng/mL). Dietary treatment effects on these concentrations had stabilized by d 21. Day-to-day variation in mean plasma concentrations of IGF-I within each dietary treatment was low during an intensive period of daily sampling for 14 d (from d 22 to 35). Within-cow day-to-day variation was also low compared with that among cows within the same dietary group and was associated with a high repeatability in the day-to-day concentration of IGF-I in individual cows. Intraclass correlation coefficients for IGF-I ranged from 0.56 (+/- 0.14) to 0.88 (+/- 0.06) with a combined (pooled) value for the 4 subgroups of 0.77 (+/- 0.05). The ME and DMI effects (H vs. L) at d 35 were 79.3 vs. 41.4 and 62.0 vs. 55.7 ng/mL, respectively. Although the ME and DMI differences also affected milk yield and compositional parameters, the effects were not as proportionately great as those measured for IGF-I. Altering the ME or DMI components of the pasture-based diets produced changes in plasma IGF-I concentrations that did not become stabilized for 3 wk, but were then highly repeatable for individual cows within each dietary group. Both observations have relevance to interpreting data related to plasma concentrations of IGF-I in lactating Holstein cows.
PREVALENCE OF SELECTED CARDIOVASCULAR-DISEASE RISK-FACTORS IN 35-54-YEAR-OLD MALES AND FEMALES IN 8 IOWA COUNTIES; The purpose of this study was to examine prevalence of selected cardiovascular disease risk factors in eight Iowa counties. From a random sample of 35-54-year-old males and females in eight counties, data were collected on smoking, blood pressure, exercise, body weight, and diet. Thirty-one percent of the females and 29% of the males were current smokers. Twenty-two percent had elevated blood pressure on a single measure and 55% of these were previously undetected. Twenty-eight percent engaged in regular exercise. The most popular forms of exercise were walking and bicycling. The prevalence of overweight in females and males was 36 and 46%, respectively. Percentage of males classified as overweight was higher than in national studies. Twenty-four-hour dietary recalls showed males receiving at least 100% of their RDAs for eight indicator nutrients and females receiving at least 100% of the RDAs for all but calcium and iron. The diet appeared to be higher in fat (39% energy from fat) and saturated fat (P/S = 0.46) than the national diet and to include less consumption of low-fat dairy products and fish.
EFFECT OF ENERGY CONCENTRATION OF MILK ON VOLUNTARY INTAKE OF LEAN AND OBESE PIGLETS; Voluntary intake responses of neonatal lean and obese pigs fed high and low energy diets were measured. Piglets were maintained in individual cages from 4-22 days old. The 18 day trial was divided into six 3 day ad lib feeding periods. All piglets received a purified high energy diet (1.12 kcal/ml) in periods 1, 3 and 5 and a low energy diet (0.57 Kcal/ml) in periods 2, 4 and 6. Average daily volume intakes for periods 1-6 were 36.8 55.2, 41.4, 56.2, 38.4 and 47.8 ml/100 g body weight (BW), respectively. Average daily energy intakes were 40.5, 28.7, 45.5, 29.2, 42.2 and 24.9 kcal/100 g BW. Even though piglets consumed greater volumes of low energy diet, energy intake was not maintained during periods 2, 4 and 6. Gastrointestinal capacity possible limited intake before energy demand was met. Compared to lean piglets, obese piglets were hyperphagic and consumed more volume (52.0 vs. 39.8 ml/100 g BW per day) and more energy (40.0 vs. 30.4 kcal/100 g BW per day). Neonatal lean and obese piglets possess a sensitive mechanism (s) to control food intake in response to changes in energy content of the diet. The control mechanism in the obese piglets appears to function at a higher level of energy demand than in the lean piglets.
Different proteins and biopeptides differently affect satiety and anorexigenic/orexigenic hormones in healthy humans; Objective: We investigated the effects of whey protein (WP), pea protein hydrolysate (PPH), a combination of WP+PPH and control (milk protein (MP) which consists of 80% casein and 20% WP) on appetite ratings, postprandial changes in hunger/satiety hormones and energy intake (EI).
Italian network for obesity and cardiovascular disease surveillance: A pilot project; Background: Also in Mediterranean countries, which are considered a low risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD), the increase in body mass index (BMI) has become a public health priority. To evaluate the feasibility of a CVD and obesity surveillance network, forty General Practitioners (GPs) were engaged to perform a screening to assess obesity, cardiovascular risk, lifestyle habits and medication use.
Partial Meal Replacement Plan and Quality of the Diet at 1 Year: Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) Trial; Background Little is known about diet quality with a reduced-energy, low-fat, partial meal replacement plan, especially in individuals with type 2 diabetes. The Action for Health in Diabetes (Look AHEAD) trial implemented a partial meal replacement plan in the Intensive Lifestyle Intervention.
Association of dietary factors and other coronary risk factors with social class in women in five Indian cities; The association between social classes, food intake and coronary risk factors was determined. Cross-sectional surveys were conducted in 6-12 urban streets in each of five cities, each one from five different regions of India using similar methods of dietary intakes and criteria of diagnosis. We randomly selected 3257 women aged 25-64 years inclusive, from Moradabad (n = 902), Trivandrum (n = 760), Calcutta (n = 410), Nagpur (n = 405) and Bombay (n = 780). All subjects, after pooling of data, were divided into social class 1 (n = 985), class 2 (n = 790), class 3 (n = 774), class 4 (n = 602) and class 5 (n = 206) based on various attributes of socioeconomic status. Social class 1 was the highest and 5 was the lowest social class. Social classes 1-3 had greater intake of pro-atherogenic foods; total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat and eggs, as well as sugar and confectionery, compared to social classes 4 and 5. The consumption of wheat, rice, millets, fruits, vegetables and legume/total visible fat ratio were inversely associated with social class. Mean body mass index (BMI), obesity, overweight, central obesity and sedentary lifestyle were also significantly more common among subjects from higher social classes. Spearman's rank correlation showed that bodyweight, BMI, wheat, rice, millets, total visible fat, milk and milk products, meat, eggs, sugar and jaggery intakes were significantly correlated with social class. Social class 5 subjects had a lower intake of all foods and a lower BMI, suggestive of a higher rate of undernutrition among them. The findings indicate that the consumption of pro-atherogenic foods and other coronary risk factors are more common in higher social classes compared to lower social classes.
Effects of a diet based on the Dietary Guidelines on vascular health and TMAO in women with cardiometabolic risk factors; Background and aims: Recent evidence links trimethylamine oxide (TMAO) to endothelial dysfunction, an early indicator of cardiovascular disease. We aimed to determine whether short-term consumption of a diet patterned after the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) would affect endothelial function, plasma TMAO concentrations, and cardiovascular disease risk, differently than a typical American Diet (TAD). Methods and results: An 8-wk controlled feeding trial was conducted in overweight/obese women pre-screened for insulin resistance and/or dyslipidemia. Women were randomized to a DGA or TAD group (n = 22/group). At wk0 (pre-intervention) and wk8 (post-intervention) vascular age was calculated; endothelial function (reactive hyperemia index (RHI)) and augmentation index (AI@75) were measured using EndoPAT, and plasma TMAO was measured by LC-MS/ MS. Vascular age was reduced in DGA at wk8 compared to wk0 but TAD wk8 was not different from wk0 (DGA wk0: 54.2 +/- 4.0 vs. wk8: 50.5 +/- 3.1 (p = 0.05), vs. TAD wk8: 47.7 +/- 2.3). Plasma TMAO concentrations, RHI, and AI@75 were not different between groups or weeks. Conclusion: Consumption of a diet based on the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans for 8 weeks did not improve endothelial function or reduce plasma TMAO. Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02298725. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Life style and nutrition and their impact on health of Saudi school students in Abha, Southwestern region of Saudi Arabia; Objectives: To evaluate the life style and dietary habits of school students and the prevalence of some nutritional problems.
<i>Lactobacillus fermentum</i> and <i>Lactobacillus amylovorus</i> as probiotics alter body adiposity and gut microflora in healthy persons; Modification of gut microflora has been reported as altering energy and lipid homeostasis, leading to changes in body composition. We evaluated whether consumption of Lactobacillus amylovorus (LA) and Lactobacillus fermentum (LF) as novel probiotics alters body adiposity through modification of gut microflora. Healthy, but overweight participants (n = 28) consumed yogurt containing 1.39 x 10(9) colony-forming unit (CPU) microencapsulated LA, 1.08 x 10(9) CFU microencapsulated LF, or a control yogurt using a randomized, double-blind crossover design. Body composition measurements showed that body fat mass was reduced in all treatments, with the greatest reduction from LA consumption. Bacterial distribution of gut microflora determined a significant reduction in the abundance of Clostridial cluster IV from LA consumption and significant increases in the abundance of Lactobacillus in both LF and LA treatments. The results suggest that modulation of gut microbial composition from probiotic consumption may contribute to altered energy metabolism and body composition. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consequences of a Plant-Based Diet with Low Dairy Consumption on Intake of Bone-Relevant Nutrients; Objective: This study examines the extent to which a plant-based dietary intervention that discourages consumption of dairy products and meat influences bone-relevant nutrients.
Comparison of the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet with usual dietary advice on expression of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor gamma gene in women: A randomized controlled clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) which controls body weight, glucose homeostasis, and adipocyte differentiation is a valuable candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and usual dietary advice (UDA) on PPAR-gamma gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Whey protein supplementation reducing fasting levels of anandamide and 2-AG without weight loss in pre-menopausal women with obesity on a weight-loss diet; Background: Despite the importance of dairy proteins in modifying of metabolic abnormalities, no attention has been given to their effects on endocannabinoids.
Whole Grain Products, Fish and Bilberries Alter Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in a Randomized, Controlled Trial: The Sysdimet Study; Background: Due to the growing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, new dietary solutions are needed to help improve glucose and lipid metabolism in persons at high risk of developing the disease. Herein we investigated the effects of low-insulin-response grain products, fatty fish, and berries on glucose metabolism and plasma lipidomic profiles in persons with impaired glucose metabolism.
The Effects of a Modified High-carbohydrate High-fat Diet on Metabolic Syndrome Parameters in Male Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities including central obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A previous study has established that high-carbohydrate high-fat diet (HCHF) can induce MetS in rats. In this study, we modified components of the diet so that it resembled the diet of Southeast Asians. This study aimed to determine the effects of this modified HCHF diet on metabolic parameters in rats. Male Wistar rats (n=14) were randomised into two groups. The normal group was given standard rat chow. The MetS group was given the HCHF diet, comprises of fructose, sweetened condensed milk, ghee, Hubble Mendel and Wakeman salt mixture, and powdered rat food. The diet regimen was assigned for a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic syndrome parameters (abdominal circumference, blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile) were measured at week 0, 8, 12, and 16 of the study. The measurement of whole body composition (fat mass, lean mass, and percentage of fat) was performed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at week 0, 8, and 16. Our results indicated that the components of MetS were partially developed after 8 weeks of HCHF diet. Systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, fat content, and percentage of fat was significantly higher in the HCHF group compared to normal group (p<0.05). After 12 weeks of HCHF diet, the rats showed significant increases in abdominal circumference, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia compared to normal control (p<0.05). In conclusion, MetS is successfully established in male rats induced by the modified HCHF diet after 12 weeks.
Long-term (6 months) effect of a new fermented milk product on the level of plasma lipoproteins - A placebo-controlled and double blind study; Objective: We have recently demonstrated a short-term hypocholesterolemic effect (reduction of 8-10%) of a new fermented milk product taken for 6 weeks (Agerbaek et al, 1995; Richelsen et al, 1993). The present study was undertaken to investigate the more long-term (6 months) effect of this fermented product on the level of lipoproteins.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in South India; Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (>140/90) were 34.6% (n=255) in males and 30.7% (n=234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (>10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (>20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (<400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (>8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (men: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09; women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P<0.01). Significant determinants df hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors. Copyright (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
mini-MED: study protocol for a randomized, multi-intervention, semi-controlled feeding trial of a Mediterranean-amplified vs. habitual Western dietary pattern for the evaluation of food-specific compounds and cardiometabolic health; BackgroundDiet is among the most influential lifestyle factors impacting chronic disease risk. Nutrimetabolomics, the application of metabolomics to nutrition research, allows for the detection of food-specific compounds (FSCs) that can be used to connect dietary patterns, such as a Mediterranean-style (MED) diet, to health. This validation study is based upon analyses from a controlled feeding MED intervention, where our team identified FSCs from eight foods that can be detected in biospecimens after consumption and may therefore serve as food intake biomarkers.MethodsIndividuals with overweight/obesity who do not habitually consume a MED dietary pattern will complete a 16-week randomized, multi-intervention, semi-controlled feeding study of isocaloric dietary interventions: (1) MED-amplified dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from eight MED target foods: avocado, basil, cherry, chickpea, oat, red bell pepper, walnut, and a protein source (alternating between salmon or unprocessed, lean beef), and (2) habitual/Western dietary pattern, containing 500 kcal/day from six non-MED target foods: cheesecake, chocolate frozen yogurt, refined grain bread, sour cream, white potato, and unprocessed, lean beef. After a 2-week washout, participants complete four, 4-week intervention periods, with biospecimen sampling and outcome assessments at baseline and at intervention weeks 4, 8, 12, and 16. The primary outcome is change in the relative abundance of FSCs from the eight MED target foods in participant biospecimens from baseline to the end of each intervention period. Secondary outcomes include mean change in cardiometabolic health indicators, inflammatory markers, and adipokines. Exploratory outcomes include change in diversity and community composition of the gut microbiota.DiscussionOur stepwise strategy, beginning with identification of FSCs in whole diets and biospecimens, followed by relating these to health indicators will lead to improved methodology for assessment of dietary patterns and a better understanding of the relationship between food and health. This study will serve as a first step toward validating candidate food intake biomarkers and allow for assessment of relationships with cardiometabolic health. The identification of food intake biomarkers is critical to future research and has implications spanning health promotion and disease prevention for many chronic conditions.Trial registrationRegistered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT05500976; Date of registration: August 15, 2022.
The Effect of Probiotic Yogurt Containing Lactobacillus Acidophilus LA-5 and Bifidobacterium Lactis BB-12 on Selected Anthropometric Parameters in Obese Individuals on an Energy-Restricted Diet: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Previous studies using probiotics have shown strain-dependent effects on body mass index (BMI), body mass, or fat mass (FM). The aim of this study was to evaluate how the addition of yogurt containingLactobacillus acidophilusLA-5 andBifidobacterium animalissubsp.lactisBB-12 strains to a diet plan affects selected anthropometric parameters in obese people on an energy-restricted diet. Fifty-four subjects aged 20-49 (34.52 +/- 9.58) years were included in this study. The recruited subjects were assigned to two subgroups: consuming probiotic yogurt along with a hypocaloric diet (GP) (n-27) or the same diet but without an intentional introduction of yogurt (GRD) (n-27) for 12 weeks. Both GP and GRD decreased body weight, BMI, fat mass and visceral fat by 5.59 kg and 4.71 kg, 1.89 and 1.61 kg/m(2), 4.80 kg and 4.07 kg, and 0.68 and 0.65 L, respectively, although the obtained differences were not significant. Analysis of GP and GRD results separately at the beginning and end of the intervention showed that fat loss was substantial in both groups (p< 0.05). Consumption of yogurt containing LA-5 and BB-12 does not significantly improve anthropometric parameters in obese patients.
Evidence for a causal association between milk intake and cardiometabolic disease outcomes using a two-sample Mendelian Randomization analysis in up to 1,904,220 individuals; Background High milk intake has been associated with cardio-metabolic risk. We conducted a Mendelian Randomization (MR) study to obtain evidence for the causal relationship between milk consumption and cardio-metabolic traits using the lactase persistence (LCT-13910 C > T, rs4988235) variant as an instrumental variable. Methods We tested the association of LCT genotype with milk consumption (for validation) and with cardio-metabolic traits (for a possible causal association) in a meta-analysis of the data from three large-scale population-based studies (1958 British Birth Cohort, Health and Retirement study, and UK Biobank) with up to 417,236 participants and using summary statistics from consortia meta-analyses on intermediate traits (N = 123,665-697,307) and extended to cover disease endpoints (N = 86,995-149,821). Results In the UK Biobank, carriers of 'T' allele of LCT variant were more likely to consume milk (P = 7.02 x 10(-14)). In meta-analysis including UK Biobank, the 1958BC, the HRS, and consortia-based studies, under an additive model, 'T' allele was associated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Pmeta-analysis = 4.68 x 10(-12)) and lower total cholesterol (TC) (P = 2.40 x 10(-36)), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 2.08 x 10(-26)) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 9.40 x 10(-13)). In consortia meta-analyses, 'T' allele was associated with a lower risk of coronary artery disease (OR:0.86, 95% CI:0.75-0.99) but not with type 2 diabetes (OR:1.06, 95% CI:0.97-1.16). Furthermore, the two-sample MR analysis showed a causal association between genetically instrumented milk intake and higher BMI (P = 3.60 x 10(-5)) and body fat (total body fat, leg fat, arm fat and trunk fat; P < 1.37 x 10(-6)) and lower LDL-C (P = 3.60 x 10(-6)), TC (P = 1.90 x 10(-6)) and HDL-C (P = 3.00 x 10(-5)). Conclusions Our large-scale MR study provides genetic evidence for the association of milk consumption with higher BMI but lower serum cholesterol levels. These data suggest no need to limit milk intakes with respect to cardiovascular disease risk, with the suggested benefits requiring confirmation in further studies.
Effect of dairy calcium or supplementary calcium intake on postprandial fat metabolism, appetite, and subsequent energy intake; Background: High calcium intake has been shown to increase fecal fat excretion.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH): potential mechanisms of action against risk factors of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of disorders dominated by abdominal obesity, hypertriacylglycerolaemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high blood pressure and high fasting glucose. Diet modification is a safe and effective way to treat the metabolic syndrome. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a dietary pattern rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and low in meats and sweets. DASH provides good amounts of fibre, K, Ca and Mg, and limited quantities of total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and Na. Although DASH was initially designed for the prevention or control of hypertension, using a DASH diet has other metabolic benefits. In the present review, the effect of each dietary component of DASH on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome is discussed. Due to limited fat and high fibre and Ca content, individuals on the DASH diet are less prone to overweight and obesity and possess lower concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol although changes in TAG and HDL-cholesterol have been less significant and available evidence in this regard is still inconclusive. Moreover, high amounts of fruit and vegetables in DASH provide great quantities of K, Mg and fibre, all of which have been shown to reduce blood pressure. K, Mg, fibre and antioxidants have also been effective in correcting glucose and insulin abnormalities. Evidence is provided from cross-sectional investigations, cohort studies and randomised controlled trials, and, where available, from published meta-analyses. Mechanisms are described according to human studies and, in the case of a lack of evidence, from animal and cell culture investigations.
Effects of exogenous Fibroblast Growth Factor-21 on characteristic parameters related to energy metabolism in dairy cows; Negative energy balance (NEB) is a common pathological foundation of fatty liver and ketosis. Liver and fat tissue are the major organs of lipid metabolism, which is also a key metabolic pathway that regulates NEB development during the perinatal period. Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF-21) is a protein hormone that plays an important role in adipose lipid metabolism and liver gluconeogenesis. Our aim was to investigate the effects of exogenous FGF-21 on characteristic parameters related to energy balance in dairy cows. Ten non-pregnant, non-lactating Holstein-Friesian dairy cows were randomly allocated into two groups. The interventions were exogenous FGF-21 injection group received 1 ug/kg BW (body weight) of recombinant bovine FGF-21 by intravenous injection, and control group received physiological saline injections by intravenous injection. In comparison to saline injections, intravenous injections of FGF-21 either increased or tended to increase concentrations of FGF-21 (p < 0.05), BHBA (p < 0.05), adiponectin, leptin and HDL-C. FGF-21 injections decreased or tended to decrease concentrations of insulin, glucose, glucagon (p < 0.05), ALT/GPT (p < 0.05), AST/GOT (p < 0.05), urate, creatinine (p < 0.05), BUN, triglyceride (p < 0.05), T-CHO and LDL-C (p < 0.05). The results indicate that FGF-21 has only negative effects on the metabolites and metabolic hormones related to NEB in serum of dairy cows, but it has more beneficial effects on prominent adipokines, liver function index, renal function index, lipoprotein profiles related to the pathological changes that occurred in NEB.
Effects of calcium supplementation on body weight: a meta-analysis; Background: Whether calcium supplementation can reduce body weight and prevent obesity remains unclear because of inconsistent reports.
Varying dietary protein and fat elicits differential transcriptomic expression within stress response pathways in preweaned Holstein heifers; Increases in milk replacer dietary energy subsequently increase growth and weight in preweaned dairy heifers. However, the underlying effects of dietary component increases on key functional pathways have yet to be fully investigated. Elucidating these relationships may provide insights into the mechanisms through which protein and fat are partitioned for tissue growth and metabolism. We hypothesized that genes within key growth and metabolic pathways would be differentially expressed between calves fed a protein and fat-restricted diet and calves fed a protein- and fat-enhanced diet. The objectives of this study were to (1) identify genes differentially expressed between dietary restricted calves and enhanced calves and (2) determine the key regulatory pathways influenced by these genes. Preweaned Holstein heifers (n = 12; 6 +/- 0.02 d of age) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 milk replacer diets: enhanced (28.9% crude protein, 26.2% fat; n = 6) or restricted (20.9% crude protein, 19.8% fat; n = 6). Growth measures included average daily gain and gain-to-feed ratio. After 56 d, calves were killed for tissue collection. Samples from longissimus dorsi, adipose, and liver tissues were collected and RNA was isolated for RNA sequencing analysis. The MIXED procedure of SAS (SAS institute Inc., Cary, NC) was used to evaluate relationships of growth with dietary energy. Fixed effects included date of collection and time (day). Random effects included sire and birth weight. The RNA sequencing analysis was performed using CLC Genomics Workbench (Qiagen, Germantown, MD), and the Robinson and Smith exact test was used to identify differentially expressed genes between diets. The Protein Analysis Through Evolutionary Relationships (PANTHER) database was then used to identify functional categories of differentially expressed genes. Enhanced calves had increased growth rates and feed efficiency compared with restricted calves (average daily gain = 0.76 and 0.22, respectively; gain-to-feed ratio = 0.10 and 0.06, respectively). There were 238 differentially expressed genes in adipose, 227 in longissimus dorsi, and 40 in liver. We identified 10 genes concordant among tissues. As expected, functional analyses suggested that the majority of genes were associated with metabolic or cellular processes, predominantly cell communication and cell cycle. Overall, it appears that varying levels of dietary protein and fat influence calf growth and development through metabolic processes, including oxidative phosphorylation and glyceroneogenesis. However, protein- and fat-restricted calves appeared to experience metabolic stress at a cellular level, as evidenced by an upregulation in stress response pathways, including genes in the p53 pathway. Calves could be fed at a higher level of protein and fat to decrease the prevalence of metabolic stress at the cellular level, but evidence indicating the presence of inflammatory stress and adipose fibrosis in enhanced calves prompts further investigation of the effects of milk replacer component levels.
The beneficial effects of the composite probiotics from camel milk on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in <i>db/db</i> mice; Background Probiotics may have beneficial effects on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We separated 4 lactobacillus and 1 saccharomycetes from traditional fermented cheese whey (TFCW) and prepared composite probiotics from camel milk (CPCM) and investigated their effects on glucose and lipid metabolism, liver and renal function and gut microbiota in db/db mice. Methods CPCM was prepared in the laboratory and 40 db/db mice were randomly divided into 4 groups as metformin, low-dose and high-dose group and model group, and treated for 6 weeks. In addition, 10 C57BL/Ks mice as normal control group were used for comparison. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), body weight (BW), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), glycated hemoglobin (HbAlc), C-peptide (CP), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), 24 h urinary microalbumin (24 h malb), urine ketone, urine sugar, pancreas and liver tissue and intestinal flora were tested. Results Compared to diabetic group, high dose CPCM significantly decreased FBG, OGTT, HbAlc and IRI, plasma TC, TG, LDL-C, 24 h malb, urine ketone and urine sugar, increased CP, HDL-C levels, improved the liver and kidney function, protected the function of islets, also increased intestinal tract lactic acid bacteria and Bifidobacterium, decreased Escherichia in db/db mice. Conclusion CPCM decreased FBG, OGTT and HbAlc, increased CP, modulated lipid metabolism and improved liver and kidney protected injury in db/db mice, which may be related to various probiotics acting through protecting the function of islets and regulating intestinal flora disturbance.
Interactions between forms of fat consumption and restaurant bread consumption; How does fat consumption influence the consumption of companion foods such as bread? Adult restaurant goers who were randomly given olive oil for their bread used 26% more oil on each piece of bread compared to those who were given block butter, but they ended up eating 23% less bread in total. This finding illustrates one way in which fat intake can interact with the consumption of companion foods.
Long-term effects on haemostatic variables of three <i>ad libitum</i> diets differing in type and amount of fat and carbohydrate: a 6-month randomised study in obese individuals; Diet is important in the prevention of CVD, and it has been suggested that a diet high in MUFA is more cardioprotective than a low-fat diet. We hypothesised that the thrombotic risk profile is improved most favourably by a high-MUFA diet compared with a low-fat diet. This was tested in a parallel randomised intervention trial on overweight individuals (aged 28.2 (SD 4.6) years) randomly assigned to a diet providing a moderate amount of fat (35-45% of energy; >20% of fat as MUFA) (MUFA diet; n 39), to a low-fat (LF; 20-30% of energy) diet (n 43), or to a control diet (35% of energy as fat; n 24) for 6 months after a weight loss of about 10%. Protein constituted 10-20% of energy in all three diets. All foods were provided free of charge from a purpose-built supermarket. Fasting blood samples were collected before and after intervention and analysed for factor VII coagulant activity (FVII: c), fibrinogen, prothrombin fragment 1 + 2 (F1 + 2), D-dimer and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI). The fibrinogen concentration was significantly lowered by the LF diet, but not by the MUFA diet. Changes in fibrinogen differed significantly between diet groups. BMI and PAI concentration increased and D-dimer concentrations were reduced irrespective of the diets. No changes were observed for FVII: c and F1 + 2. Our findings suggest that in overweight subjects after weight loss the thrombotic risk profile is improved most favourably by the LF diet compared with the MUFA diet based on the reduction in fibrinogen concentrations.
Effect of Intake of Bifidobacteria and Dietary Fiber on Resting Energy Expenditure: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group Comparison Study; Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis GCL2505 in combination with inulin has been shown to have several health benefits, including an improvement in the intestinal microbiota and a reduction in human visceral fat. Previous studies have suggested that the visceral fat reduction of GCL2505 and inulin may be achieved by improving daily energy expenditure. This parallel, placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind study was conducted to evaluate the effects of GCL2505 and inulin on resting energy expenditure (REE) in overweight or mildly obese Japanese adults (n = 44). Participants ingested 1 x 10(10) colony forming units of GCL2505 and 5.0 g of inulin daily for 4 weeks. REE score at week 4 was set as the primary endpoint. At week 4, the REE score of the GCL2505 and inulin group was significantly higher than that of the placebo group, with a difference of 84.4 kcal/day. In addition, fecal bifidobacteria counts were significantly increased in the GCL2505 and inulin group. Our results indicated that the intake of GCL2505 and inulin improves energy balance, which is known to be a major factor of obesity, by modulating the microbiota in the gut. This is the first report to demonstrate the effects of probiotics and dietary fiber on REE in humans.
Diet and Nutritional Status of Women of Reproductive Age (15-49 Years) in Indigenous Communities of <i>Attappady</i>, Kerala, India; The dietary patterns and quality of diets of women of reproductive age (WRA) significantly affect their health and that of their children. The suboptimal diet among women can lead to issues such as intrauterine growth retardation, low birth weight, premature birth, and malnutrition. To examine the dietary patterns and nutrient intake of WRA in the indigenous communities of the Attappady tribal block in Kerala, we conducted a cross-sectional study in 20 randomly selected villages in 2022. The study involved 24 h dietary recall surveys, anthropometric measurements, and estimation of hemoglobin concentration to assess nutrient intake and nutritional status. A total of 446 women aged 15-49 from 423 households participated, with 92 households included in the diet survey. The findings indicated that the diet was primarily based on cereals and root-based starchy staples, with low consumption of dairy products, fruits, and vegetables. The estimated intakes of major nutrients, except for protein, were lower than the recommended dietary allowance (RDA). Nearly 50% of the WRA were malnourished. About 32% of non-pregnant and non-lactating (NPNL) women and 40% of lactating mothers suffered from chronic energy deficiency (BMI < 18.5 kg/m(2)). Conversely, 13.4% of NPNL women and 15% of lactating mothers were overweight or obese (BMI >= 25 kg/m(2)). A total of 12.5% of adolescent girls aged 15-19 were thin (BAZ < -2 SD), and 10.5% were overweight or obese (BAZ > +1 SD). Since the co-existence of micronutrient deficiencies and undernutrition is rooted in the socio-cultural aspects of indigenous tribes, a culturally sensitive nutrition intervention model would be appropriate for the better health and wellbeing of women in the community.
Cheese consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies; Purpose Cheese contains a high content of saturated fatty acids but also lists of potentially beneficial nutrients. How long-term cheese consumption affects the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is unclear. A meta-analysis of prospective observational studies was conducted to evaluate the risks of total CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke associated with cheese consumption.
The effects of monensin on milk production and levels of metabolites in blood and rumen fluid of Holstein-Friesian cows in early lactation; Monensin was fed to Holstein-Friesian cows in early lactation to study its effects on concentrations of blood metabolites, feed intake, body condition and milk production. In the first experiment, 18 Holstein-Friesian cows were randomly stratified into 6 similar groups of cows based on parity and previous milk yield. Cows within these groups were assigned randomly to be fed either 0, 150 or 300 mg of monensin per day. Monensin was fed as a component of a 1 kg grain supplement at 0600 h daily from 14 days prepartum to 84 days postpartum.
The association of food quality score and cardiovascular diseases risk factors among women: A cross-sectional study; Introduction: Limited studies are available regarding the relationship between Food Quality Score (FQS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Thus, this study was aimed to investigate the association of FQS with CVD risk factors in women.
Effect of glycomacropeptides (GMP) on satiety hormones and food intake; Glycomacropeptide (GMP) is the hydrophilic 63 amino acid C-terminal glycopeptide released into cheese whey when x-casein is cleaved by chymosin. GMP exists as a mixture of different glycoforms due to the carbohydrates sialic acid (NeuNAc), galactose (Gal), galactosamine (GalNAc) and glucosamine (GlcNAc) attached by O-glycosidic linkages. It has been reported that GMP stimulates the release of cholecystokinin (CCK) which may influence satiety. The objectives of this study were to manufacture different glycoforms of GMP (a poorly glycosylated GMP-approximately 3.5% NeuNAc and similar to 1.5% Gal) and highly glycosylated GMP (approximately 12% NeuNAc and 4% Gal) and assess the effects of these glycoforms relative to glucose on CCK, subjective measures of satiety and food intake. In a randomised double blind acute satiety study, 20 overweight or obese males (56.9+/-7.2 yr, 97.4+/-8.1 kg, 31.5+/-3.0 kg/m(2)) were recruited to consume four 50 g preloads (two GMP preparations, GMP depleted whey and glucose) with a three day interval between treatments. The energy content of the preloads was kept constant at 895 kJ. Blood samples were collected at baseline before and at 15, 30, 60, 90, 120 and 180 minutes after the preload and the CCK levels were measured. Subjective measures of satiety were recorded at the same time points. Three hours after the preload a lunch meal of hot food was provided from which subjects ate ad libitum until satisfied. Energy and nutrient intake from the food consumed was calculated. There was no significant difference in CCK levels, subjective measures of satiety or food intake between treatments at the given preload level. These results suggest that the protein fractions at the dose employed do not influence satiety, CCK levels or energy intake at a subsequent meal.
Dairy fat intake is associated with glucose tolerance, hepatic and systemic insulin sensitivity, and liver fat but not β-cell function in humans; Background: Plasma phospholipid concentrations of trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-16: ln-7), a biomarker of dairy fat intake, are inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes in 2 US cohorts.
Short-term effects of sugar-free apricot jam, cocoa powder and dried cranberry cereal bar on glycaemic responses in healthy adults: a randomised clinical trial; High sugar intake has been associated with adverse effects on health, with some types of breakfast being highly linked to overweight and obesity. The aim was to compare the effects of four sugar-free breakfast items, apricot jam with white bread (JWB), white bread (WB), cocoa with fat-free milk (CM), and dried cranberry cereal bar (CB), compared to d-glucose on the glycaemic responses. Using a cross-over design, twelve healthy individuals (25 +/- 4 years; BMI 22 +/- 2 kg/m(2)) received isoglucidic test meals (25 g of available carbohydrate) and 25 g glucose reference, in random order. Glycaemic index/load (GI/GL) were calculated, and capillary blood glucose samples were collected at 0-120 min after meal consumption. Subjective appetite was assessed with visual analogue scales. Sugar-free apricot jam and cocoa powder contained traces of available carbohydrates and were consumed along with bread and fat-free milk, respectively. JWB and WB were classified as medium GI, low-to-medium GL; CM as medium GI, low GL; and CB as high GI, low-to-medium GL. Subjective hunger was lower after JWB, fullness was higher after CM and pleasure was higher after CB (P for all < 0.05). In conclusion, sugar-free apricot jam with and without WB and cocoa powder with fat-free milk are suitable healthy breakfast options leading to improved glycaemic and subjective appetite responses.
Low-fat yogurt consumption maintains biomarkers of immune function relative to nondairy control food in women with elevated BMI: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Yogurt consumption may help reduce chronic inflammation associated with obesity. However, the underlying mechanism(s) by which yogurt consumption modulates the immune system have not been validated in human intervention studies. We hypothesized that 4week yogurt consumption (12 oz/day) attenuates systemic inflammation by modulating the proportion of circulating T helper (Th) 17 and regulatory T (Treg) cells in adult women with elevated body mass index (BMI). To test the hypothesis, we conducted a randomized crossover dietary intervention study consisted of a 4-week dietary intervention in which participants consumed 12 oz of either low-fat dairy yogurt or a soy pudding control snack per day, with a 4-week washout between treatments. Thirty-nine healthy adult women with a BMI between 25 and 40 kg/m2 were enrolled and 20 completed the study. Changes in the biometrics, circulating T cells, and markers of systemic and colonic inflammation were assessed between the 2 treatment groups, as well as 24-hour diet recalls were conducted at baseline and following each treatment. The primary study outcome, the change in the proportion of circulating Th17 cells, was unaffected by the treatments. Secondary outcome measures, circulating Treg, Th17, and markers of chronic inflammation, were maintained by yogurt treatment, whereas circulating Treg was increased and interleukin-10 was reduced by control snack treatment. However, circulating Treg changes were not associated with changes to other biomarkers of inflammation, implying other immune cells and/or tissues may mediate circulating biomarkers of chronic inflammation. This study was approved by the University of Wisconsin-Madison institutional review board and registered at Clinical- Trials.gov NCT04149418. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/ )
Perspective: Refined Grains and Health: Genuine Risk, or Guilt by Association?; Refined grain intake is widely assumed to be associated with adverse health outcomes, including increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and obesity. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended that to improve dietary quality, the US population should replace most refined grains with whole grains. This recommendation was based largely on results from studies that examined dietary patterns, not separate food groups. A Western dietary pattern typically includes red and processed meat, sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, French fries, and high-fat dairy products, as well as refined grains, and has been linked to increased risk of many chronic diseases. However, when evaluated as a distinct food category, 11 meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which included a total of 32 publications with data from 24 distinct cohorts, demonstrated that refined grain intake was not associated with all-cause mortality, T2D, CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, hypertension, or cancer. By contrast, consumption of red and processed meat was consistently associated with increased risk of these same health outcomes. Refined grain consumption up to 6-7 servings/d (1 serving=30 g) was not associated with higher risk of CHD, T2D, hypertension, or all-cause mortality. Moreover, total grain intake was not associated with risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, or cancer, but was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. Consequently, the recommendation to reduce refined grain intake based on results from studies linking a Western dietary pattern to numerous adverse health outcomes is contrary to a substantial body of published scientific evidence. Future research needs to better define refined grain intake to distinguish between staple grain foods and indulgent grain foods, and to better design randomized controlled trials to resolve discrepancies between results from observational studies and such trials with regard to determining the benefits of whole grains compared with refined grains.
Effect of sodium alginate addition to chocolate milk on glycemia, insulin, appetite and food intake in healthy adult men; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Sodium alginate reduces appetite and glycemia, when consumed in water- and sugar-based drinks. But, its effects when added to other commonly consumed beverages have not been reported. Because chocolate milk (CM) is criticized for raising blood glucose more than unflavored milk, the aim of our study was to investigate the effect of adding a strong-gelling sodium alginate to CM on glycemia, insulinemia, appetite and food intake.
Effects of perinatal nutrition on lactational performance, metabolic and hormonal profiles of dairy goats and respective kids; The aim of the present work was to monitor the effect of a high versus a low diet on the metabolic and hormonal profiles of dairy goats and the progeny. Starting from the last month of pregnancy, 14 goats were randomly allocated to two groups: Low Diet (LD) and High Diet (HD) that received a diet that covered 80% and 140% of their energy requirements, respectively. Blood samples were taken from all goats, at -4, -3, -2. -1, 0 (partum), +1, +2, +3,+4, and +5 weeks from delivery. Blood samples were collected from goat kids on the day of birth prior to colostrum feeding (week 0) and then at 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5 weeks of age. Blood samples were assayed for their content of: urea, triglycerides, cholesterol, total protein, albumin, calcium and inorganic phosphorus, globulin, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxy butyric acid (BHBA), insulin, free triiodothyronine (fT(3)), free thyroxine (fT(4)), leptin and prolactin (PRL). Kids' live weights (LW) and growth rate were not affected by maternal nutrition. Milk yield was significantly (P < 0.05) higher in the HD goats. A significant (P < 0.001) effect of time was noted on plasma glucose, total protein, albumin, globulin and phosphorus concentrations. Concentration of plasma NEFA, BHBA, triglycerides and calcium were significantly (P < 0.01, P < 0.05, P < 0.001 and P < 0.05, respectively) higher in the LD goats than those in HID goats. Plasma insulin and PRL levels were higher in the HD goats than those in LD goats (P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively). Plasma leptin level were lower on the day of partum (P< 0.05). Plasma glucose and insulin concentrations were higher in the HD kids than those in LD kids (P< 0.01) while plasma NEFA and triglycerides concentrations were higher (P< 0.05) in the LD kids than in the HD kids. Plasma leptin concentrations increased (P< 0.001) soon after kids began suckling but its values were not influenced by the dietary treatments. The thyroid hormones increased over time and their values were significantly higher in HD kids than those in LID kids at week 5. Our results showed that perinatal nutrition affects goats' and kids' metabolic and hormonal profiles; however this did not have an effect on foetal and kids' growth. Nutrient restriction during pregnancy shifted nutrient partitioning towards the uterus to sustain foetal growth. This homeorhetic adaptation was continued during early lactation; however, it was not sufficient to sustain milk production. Crown Copyright (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Evaluating a novel method for vitamin A analysis in an observational study of the UAE's obese population; Vitamin A plays a critical role in various biological functions, including vision, cellular differentiation, and immune regulation. However, accurately assessing its status, particularly in obese individuals, presents challenges due to potential alterations in metabolism and distribution. This study utilized Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) methodology to precisely measure serum vitamin A concentrations in population of UAE. The methodology's reliability and precision, as demonstrated through validation procedures, underscore its potential utility in clinical settings. Employing the Multiple Reaction Monitoring mode of positive ion electrospray ionization, the LC-MS/MS system achieves a limit of detection (LOD) of 0.48 ng/mL in serum, while adhering to FDA-US regulations for accuracy and compliance. A key aspect of this study was the application of LC-MS/MS to assess vitamin A status in an obese population within UAE. By employing a diverse cohort of 452 Emirati participants, including 277 individuals from a randomized controlled trial who were assessed at baseline and at 6th month, and 175 healthy individuals aged 18-82 assessed at baseline, this study explores the relationship between obesity and vitamin A levels, shedding light on potential implications for health and well-being. It was an observational study based on a new vitamin A method and participants were asked to eat vitamin A rich foods. The robust performance of the LC-MS/MS methodology positions it as a valuable tool for clinical research. By accurately quantifying vitamin A levels in human serum, this methodology opens avenues for advancing our understanding of vitamin A physiology and its implications for health, particularly in obese populations. In summary, this LC-MS/MS methodology presents a potent tool for clinical studies, providing reliable, specific, and robust detection of vitamin A in human serum, thus, opening a new frontier for advancing our understanding of vitamin A related physiology and health in the obese population.
Histological tissue structure alterations resulting from<i> Staphylococcus</i><i> aureus</i> intramammary infection in heifer mammary glands hormonally induced to rapidly grow and develop; Intramammary infections (IMI) are common in nonlactating dairy cattle and are expected to impair mammary growth and development and reduce future milk production. The objective of this study was to histologically evaluate how IMI alter tissue structure in growing and developing heifer mammary glands. A total of 18 nonpregnant, nonlactating heifers between 11 and 14 mo of age were used in the present study. Heifers received daily supraphysiological injections of estradiol and progesterone for 14 d to stimulate rapid mammary growth and development. One-quarter of each heifer was subsequently infused with Staphylococcus aureus (CHALL) while a second quarter served as an uninfected control (UNINF). Heifers were randomly selected and euthanized either the last day of hormonal injections to observe IMI effects on mammary gland growth (GRO), or 13 d post-injections, to observe IMI effects on mammary development (DEV). Mammary tissues were collected from the center and edge parenchymal regions of each mammary gland for morphometric tissue area evaluation. For GRO tissues, CHALL quarters had less epithelial tissue area and marginally more intralobular stroma tissue area than UNINF quarters. Tissue areas occupied by luminal space, extralobular stroma, adipose, and lobular tissue were similar. For DEV tissues, area occupied by epithelium, luminal space, intralobular stroma, and extralobular stroma did not differ between quarter treatments, but UNINF quarters had more adipose tissue area and marginally less lobular area than CHALL quarters. Results indicate that IMI in growing and developing mammary glands reduces mammary epithelial growth and alters mammary gland development by impairing epithelial branching into the mammary fat pad. Taken together, these tissue changesbefore calving may have adverse effects on milk production. Therefore, an important focus should be placed on improving udder health in replacement heifers through management strategies that mitigate the deleterious effects of IMI and promote the positive development of the mammary gland.
Effects of skim milk fermented with <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> WW on the constitutions of rats fed a high-fat diet; This study investigated the effects of Lactobacillus plantarum WW-fermented skim milk (FSM) on the physiques of rats fed a high-fat diet and the mechanism of lipid lowering. Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into a normal diet group (A), a high-fat diet group (B), a skim milk diet group (C), and an L. plantarum WW FSM diet group (D). After 12-wk feeding, we found that treatment with L. plantarum WW FSM could significantly alleviate symptoms in the pathological group. Meanwhile, high-throughput sequencing analysis showed that L. plantarum WW FSM also had a certain regulatory effect on the intestinal microorganisms in rats, which can increase the number of lactic acid bacteria and Bacteroides in the intestine. More importantly, real-time quantitative PCR and Western blot analysis showed that the probiotic was also involved in the expression of genes related to fat metabolism, especially the PPARB and CEBPB genes. Our study supports the hypothesis that the WW strain of L. plantarum could be a potential probiotic to be used in functional foods to alter lipid metabolism and reduce cholesterol levels.
Elearning Approaches to Prevent Weight Gain in Young Adults: A Randomized Controlled Study; Objective: Preventing obesity among young adults should be a preferred public health approach given the limited efficacy of treatment interventions. This study examined whether weight gain can be prevented by online approaches using two different behavioral models, one overtly directed at obesity and the other covertly.
Effects of dietary supplemental fish oil during the peripartum period on blood metabolites and hepatic fatty acid compositions and total triacylglycerol concentrations of multiparous Holstein cows; The objectives were to evaluate the effects of dietary fish oil on plasma metabolite, hepatic fatty acid composition, and total triacylglycerol concentrations. Multiparous Holstein cows (n=42) were completely randomized to 1 of 3 treatments at 3 wk prepartum. Treatments were no supplemental lipid or supplemental lipid from either Energy Booster (Milk Specialties Co., Dundee, IL) or fish oil. Treatment diets were fed from -21 d relative to expected date of parturition until 10 d postpartum. Treatments were fed as a bolus before the a. m. feeding. The dose of lipid fed during the prepartum period was 250 g, whereas approximately 0.92% of the previous day's dry matter intake was supplemented postpartum. Blood was collected 3 times weekly for determination of plasma metabolites. Liver biopsies were performed at 21 and 10 d before expected date of parturition and 1 and 14 d after parturition to determine fatty acid compositions and total triacylglycerol concentrations. Dry matter intake, milk yield, and loss of body weight or body condition score were not affected by supplementing the diet with lipid or by the source of lipid. Supplemental lipid tended to increase plasma glucose and decrease nonesterified fatty acids during the postpartum period. Furthermore, plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate was reduced during the postpartum period in the lipid-supplemented treatments. However, source of supplemental lipid had no influence on any blood metabolite. Supplemental fish oil altered the fatty acid composition of liver phospholipids and triacylglycerols, decreasing total saturated fatty acids and increasing total n-3 and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (>20 carbon fatty acids). Despite the altered fatty acid composition, hepatic total triacylglycerol concentrations were unaffected by supplemental fish oil. Furthermore, the improved metabolic profile following lipid supplementation did not decrease hepatic total triacylglycerol concentrations.
Studies on development of kneader and ball former for <i>chhana</i> in <i>rasogolla</i> production -: Part II:: Development of <i>chhana</i> ball former and its evaluation; Rasogolla is the most popular Indian dairy sweet and is spherical in shape. Chhana, a product obtained by acid coagulation of hot milk followed by draining of whey, is used as base material for the preparation of rasogolla. Traditionally chhana was manually kneaded and cut into lumps, worked between palms to make chhana ball. In India rasogolla's projected demand is 6000 tonnes in 2009. In order to meet ever-increasing demand rasogolla production must be mechanized. A ball-forming device along with continuous cooker will be able to mechanize the process of rasogolla making. Keeping the above fact in view a chhana ball former was developed and evaluated for its performance in terms of sphericity.
Influence of educational level and marital status on dietary intake, obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors in a Hong Kong Chinese population; Objectives: To examine the influence of education and marital status on dietary intake, body mass index, waist hip ratio, blood pressure, fasting and 2 h glucose, and lipid profile in adult Hong Kong Chinese.
Probiotics in pregnancy and maternal outcomes: a systematic review; Objectives: To systematically review the literature on the use of probiotics in pregnancy and their impact on maternal outcomes.
Magnitude of central obesity and associated factors among adult patients attending public health facilities in Adama town, Oromia region, Ethiopia, 2022; BackgroundCentral obesity is excessive accumulation of fat around the abdomen, which is associated with the risk of coronary heart and cerebrovascular diseases. This study determined the magnitude of central obesity among adult patients using the waist-to-hip ratio, which has a superior capacity to measure the risk of developing non-communicable diseases compared to the body mass index used in previous studies in Ethiopia.MethodsInstitutional-based cross-sectional study was conducted among a sample of 480 adults from April 1 to May 30, 2022. A systematic random sampling technique was used to select the study participants. Data were collected by using interviewer-administered structured questionnaires and anthropometric measurements. The data were entered into EPI INFO version 7 and analyzed by Statistical Software for Social Science Version 25. The associations between independent and dependent variables were checked using bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval were used to measure the strengths of the association. Statistical significance was declared at a P value of less than 0.05.ResultsThe magnitude of central obesity in this study was 40% (51.2% and 27.4% among females and males, respectively (95% CI 36-44%)). Being a female (AOR = 9.5, 95% CI 5.22-17.9), age range 35-44 (AOR = 7.0, 95% CI 2.9-16.7), 45-64 years (AOR = 10.1, 95% CI4.0-15.2), married (AOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.3-4.7), high monthly income (AOR = 3.3, 95% CI 1.5-7.3), high consumption of milk and milk products (AOR = 0.3, 95% CI 0.1-0.6), family history of obesity (AOR = 1.8, 95% CI 1.1-3.2) were significantly associated with central obesity among the study participants.ConclusionThe magnitude of central obesity was higher in the study area. Sex, age, marital status, monthly income, consumption of milk and milk products, and family history of obesity were independent determinants of central obesity. Therefore, it is important to raise awareness about central obesity through behavior change communication that targets the high-risk population.
The relationship between Fibroblast Growth Factor-21 and characteristic parameters related to energy balance in dairy cows; Background: Negative energy balance (NEB) is a common pathological foundation of ketosis and fatty liver. Liver and fat tissue are the major organs of lipid metabolism and take part in modulating lipid oxidative capacity and energy demands, which is also a key metabolic pathway that regulates NEB develop during perinatal period. Fibroblast growth factor-21 (FGF-21) is a recently discovered protein hormone that plays an important and specific regulating role in adipose lipid metabolism and liver gluconeogenesis for human and mouse. Our aim is to investigate the variation and relationship between serum FGF-21 concentration and characteristic parameters related to negative energy balance in different energy metabolism state.
Dietary energy level affects adipose depot mass but does not impair in vitro subcutaneous adipose tissue response to short-term insulin and tumor necrosis factor-α challenge in nonlactating, nonpregnant Holstein cows; We assessed effects of overfeeding energy to nonlactating and nonpregnant Holstein cows during a length of time similar to a typical dry period on body lipid storage and the abundance of genes related to insulin signaling, inflammation, and ubiquitination in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) in vitro challenged with insulin and recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Fourteen cows were randomly assigned to either a high-energy (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.60 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) or control (CON; net energy for lactation = 1.30 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) diet for 6 wk. Immediately after slaughter, liver, kidneys, and mammary gland were separated and weighed. The adipose tissue mass in the omental, mesenteric, and perirenal depots was dissected and weighed. Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected from the tail-head region and was used as follows: control, bovine insulin (INS) at 1 mu mol/L, tumor necrosis factor-alpha at 5 ng/mL (TNF), and their combination. Despite a lack of difference in final body condition score, OVE cows had greater energy intake and were heavier than CON cows. Furthermore, overfeeding led to greater mass of mesenteric and perirenal adipose, liver, and mammary gland. Overall, SAT incubated with INS had an upregulation of insulin receptor (INSR), interleukin 10 (IL10), small ubiquitin-like modifier 3 (SUMO3), and ubiquitin conjugating enzyme E2I (UBC9), whereas TNF upregulated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2), interleukin 6 (IL6), nuclear factor kappa B subunit 1 (NFKB1), small ubiquitin-like modifier 2 (SUMO2), and UBC9. Regardless of in vitro treatment, feeding OVE upregulated PPARG, fatty acid synthase (FASN), and insulin induced gene 1 (INSIG1). Abundance of PPARG was greater in SAT of OVE cows cultured individually with INS and TNF. The interaction between diet and in vitro treatment revealed that sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 1 (SREBF1) had greater abundance in SAT from the CON group in response to culture with INS, whereas SAT from OVE cows had greater SREBF1 abundance in response to culture with TNF. The mRNA abundance of IL6 and NFKB1 was greater in response to TNF treatment and overall in CON cows. Furthermore, SAT from these cows had greater IL10 abundance when cultured with INS and TNF. Overall, data highlighted that overfeeding energy increases adipose tissue mass in part by stimulating transcription of key genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipogenesis. Because SAT thickness or mass was not measured, the lack of effect of overfeeding on body condition score limits its use to predict overall body lipid storage. An overt inflammatory response in SAT after a 6-wk period of over-consumption of energy could not be discerned.
Effects of the maize-derived protein zein, and the milk proteins casein, whey, and ?-lactalbumin, on subjective measures of satiety and food intake in normal-weight young men; Protein is considered to be the most satiating food macronutrient and the satiating effect may be dependent on the source of the protein. The maize-derived protein zein and milk protein casein have been shown previously to lower stomach emptying rate more than dairy whey protein, but the effect of zein on satiety has not been evaluated. The objective was to compare the satiating effects of zein and casein, with whey protein and its protein component alpha-lactalbumin. The study was a randomised crossover design with thirteen normal-weight men (mean age 27.8 years and mean BMI 24.4 kg/m2) consuming isoenergetic (-4000 kJ,-990 kcal) pre-load mixed meals enriched with Zein, Casein, whey protein isolate (Whey), alpha-lactalbumin (ALac), or malto-dextrin carbohydrate (Carb). Consumption of an ad libitum standardised test meal of chicken fried rice and water provided 360 min following ingestion of the preload meal was measured, and subjective feelings of appetite (hunger, fullness, desire to eat, and prospective food consumption) were assessed using 100-mm visual analogue scales (VAS). There were no differences among the five preload mixed meals in the amount of chicken fried rice consumed at the ad libitum test meal (mean +/- sem: 531.6 +/- 35.0 g, p = 0.47) or total (preload + test meal) energy intakes (mean +/- sem: 5780.5 +/- 146.0 kJ, p = 0.29). The subjective VAS appetite ratings and total area under the curve responses for hunger, fullness, desire to eat, and prospective food consumption, were not different following consumption of all five preload mixed meals (p > 0.05). The findings indicate that the effects of zein and casein on satiety were not different from the satiating effects of whey protein and alpha-lactalbumin.
Comparison of diets of NIDDM and non-diabetic African Americans and whites: The atherosclerosis risk in communities study; compare dietary intakes of participants with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with nondiabetic participants, to determine whether those with previously diagnosed NIDDM were complying with the 1986 American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines and to examine associations between diet and new cases of NIDDM. Cross-sectional data were obtained by trained interviewers from participants aged 45-64 years, chosen by random probability sampling of four U.S. communities. Dietary intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire in 475 African Americans and 674 whites with NIDDM and 3,255 African American and 10,439 white non-diabetic participants. Participants with diagnosed NIDDM consumed less calories, carbohydrates, sucrose, alcohol, candy, added sugar and soft drinks, but more fiber, protein, cholesterol, low calorie drinks, fruits, vegetables, cheese, poultry, red meat, and eggs compared to the ethnic-specific non-diabetic group. African Americans diagnosed with NIDDM consumed more total and monounsaturated fats (both as %) and cereal, and less fried foods and carbohydrate compared with non-diabetic African Americans; and whites with diagnosed NIDDM consumed more milk, yogurt or ice cream; margarine; fish; bread and peanut butter and less sugared foods compared with non-nutrient intakes of participants with new NIDDM were not different from non-diabetic individuals 1986 ADA guidelines. Participants with diagnosed NIDDM were eating a low calorie, high protein, high cholesterol, and low carbohydrate diet. Dietary intakes of new cases; of NIDDM were not implicated in its etiology. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
GENETIC-PARAMETERS IN THE FEED CONVERSION COMPLEX OF PRIMIPAROUS COWS IN THE 1ST 2 TRIMESTERS; Feed conversion has been described as a ''milk yield-tissue balance-appetite complex'' in which energy inputs from feed intake and tissue balance impose a limit on milk yield. An experiment at the Agricultural University of Norway provided data to estimate genetic parameters of variables in this ''complex.'' Fat-corrected milk yield, NE from roughage (NER) and BW were measured weekly on 353 first-lactation, dual-purpose Norwegian cows of 20 sires. Weekly weight change (WC) was computed from BW. Residual energy intake (RES) was calculated from energy balance (EB) corrected for WC. Amount of concentrate fed was adjusted according to stage of lactation and cows were randomly assigned to a normal or low level. Animals were given ad libitum access to grass silage. Data from the first and second trimesters of lactation were analyzed separately using an animal model containing fixed effects of 145 seasons in weeks, 24 subclasses of stages of lactation by levels of concentrate, and linear regression on age at calving and random effects of 512 animals and permanent environmental effects for the 353 animals with records. Cows fed at the low level of concentrate consumed more roughage and lost more weight but produced less milk. Catabolism of adipose tissue was poorly reflected by weight change. Heritability estimates for NER were .32 in the first trimester and .20 in the second; repeatability was .60. For EB, the respective estimates of heritability were .14 and .06, whereas repeatability was .55. No additive genetic variation was found for RES.
Associations of Body Dissatisfaction With Lifestyle Behaviors and Socio-Demographic Factors Among Saudi Females Attending Fitness Centers; Objective To examine body image perception and the associations of body dissatisfaction (BD) with socio-demographic and lifestyle factors among Saudi women attending fitness centers in Riyadh. Methods Saudi females aged 16 years and older were recruited from 12 randomly selected fitness centers in Riyadh, using stratified clustered sampling technique (n = 460). Height and weight were measured to calculate actual body mass index (BMI). A previously validated instrument was used to collect socio-demographic and lifestyle variables including physical activity (PA), sedentary behaviors, sleep and dietary habits. Stunkard Figure Rating Scale silhouettes were used to assess perceived and desired body shape. Results The participants had a mean (SD) age of 29.2 (8.2). The majority were not married (57%), with no children (66%) and had college degrees (78%). While 63% were overweight or obese, nearly 40% of women underestimated their perceived body shape. The majority of respondents (87%) were dissatisfied with their body shape including 68% of normal weight women. Females who had BD were significantly older, had higher BMI, reported more weight loss attempt and had expended less time in vigorous (p = 0.033) and total (p = 0.042) PA than those who were satisfied with their body shape. However, when adjusting for socio-demographic variables, logistic regression analysis revealed significant associations of BD with higher BMI, shorter membership duration of fitness club, and reduced dairy products and energy drinks consumption. Conclusion Except for BMI and decreased dairy products and energy drinks consumption, many lifestyle behaviors did not associate with BD among Saudi females attending fitness centers. The findings can inform healthcare providers when intervention strategy is implicated for females with BD. Future studies should compare the associations of BD with lifestyle behaviors between males and females attending fitness centers and seeking weight loss.
Early-Life Nutrition, Growth Trajectories, and Long-Term Outcome; It is well established that nutrition during the first 1,000 days of life can have a long-term effect on growth, metabolic outcome, and long-term health. We review the long-term anthropometric follow-ups of children with risk of later morbidity: (a) very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants who have birth weights <10th percentile of weight and receive fortified breast milk, (b) infants from developing countries who are breastfed according to the present recommendations but have low birth weight and length, and (c) children from developed countries who were enrolled in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to test if breastfeeding and low-protein formulas can prevent from rapid weight gain and childhood obesity. VLBW infants can be appropriate, small for gestational age (SGA), or intrauterine growth retarded (IUGR). SGA and IUGR (due to placenta insufficiency) infants are born with birth weights <10th percentile of weight for gestational age (GA). We provided fortified breast milk until 52 weeks of GA to 31 SGA and 127 IUGR infants and followed up growth until 24 months. IUGR infants showed lower weight gain between birth and 3 months and had lower weight between 3 and 24 months (p < 0.05; ANCOVA). No significant BMI differences between SGA and IUGR infants were observed. It seems that IUGR infants receiving fortified breast milk need special attention, because without further improvement in breast milk fortification weight gain after discharge from hospital might be too slow. In developing countries, length and weight of breastfed infants during the first 2 years are strongly influenced by the respective anthropometric parameters at birth. Studies in the Gambia and Zimbabwe indicate that only breastfed infants with birth length and weight above the respective WHO 0 z-scores continue with adequate growth and have length and weight above the WHO 0 z-scores at 18 and 24 months. Prevalence of stunting and wasting in the overall Gambia breastfed infant population rapidly increases during the first year, peaks at around 3 years, but decreases thereafter. Long-term growth trajectories indicate later start of puberty and slow pubertal growth, but adult weight and height are not reached before 20-24 years. In adulthood, prevalence of stunting and wasting is much lower than during any period of childhood. Maternal risk factors, such as childhood marriage and poor nutrition before and during pregnancy, need to come into focus to improve birth length and weight and lower high stunting rates. Term breastfed infants from overweight/obese mothers and breastfed infants with rapid weight gain during infancy have increased risk of childhood obesity. Infants who are exclusively breastfed 4-6 months or receive low protein follow-up formulas (high-quality protein) grow slower during the first 2-3 years than infants fed high-protein formulas. During follow- up examinations at 5-6 years, they have lower BMI and obesity prevalence. Body composition measurements (DEXA) at 5-8 years in children who were breastfed and received low- or high-protein formula during infancy indicate that breastfeeding and feeding low-protein formulas are associated with lower gain of fat mass. Longitudinal cohort studies show that high-protein intake during the first 2 years results in higher BMI at 9 years and during adulthood. The studies presented indicate that breastfeeding but also other pre- and postnatal nutritional, epigenetic, and environmental factors influence growth trajectories and long-term health. (c) 2019 Nestle Nutrition Institute, Switzerland/S. Karger AG, Basel
Changes in satiety hormone concentrations and feed intake in rats in response to lactic acid bacteria; A negative energy balance can be accomplished by reducing the caloric intake which results in an increased feeling of hunger. This physiological state is regulated by secretion of satiety hormones. The secretion of these hormones can be influenced by ingestion of e.g. fat. Fat, dairy beverage and synbiotic mixture have been found to have satiety-inducing effects in humans and rats. Thus, the aim of this study was to investigate the change of satiety hormone concentration in rats in response to feeding of fermented milks containing lactic acid bacteria. Two studies were conducted with Wistar rats randomly allocated into groups receiving Lactobacillus fermented (2 L acidophilus, L. bulgaricus, L. salivarius and L. rhamnosus) milk. A single isocaloric oral dose with the test item or control was given to the rats. Blood samples were taken after dosing with the test product and the satiety hormones were measured. For the test groups, significant changes could be detected in PYY concentrations after 60 min, although some groups had a significant lower feed intake. In conclusion, some probiotic Lactobacillus strains may modify satiety hormones production. However, more studies are needed to evaluate their potential of prolonging satiety. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of energy restriction and exercise on vitamin B-6 status of women during lactation; Purpose: Lactation increases vitamin B-6 requirements because its concentration in breast milk is related to maternal intake and it is essential for infants. Exercise may also increase the requirement because it increases utilization and excretion of vitamin B-6. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to determine whether energy restriction and exercise affected vitamin B-6 status of lactating women. Methods: Breastfeeding women with a body mass index greater than or equal to 25 and less than or equal to 30 kg.m(-2) were randomly assigned at 4 wk postpartum to either restrict energy intake by 500 kcal.d(-1) and exercise for 45 min.d(-1), 4 d.wk(-1) (weight loss group, WG) or maintain usual diet and not exercise (control group, CG) for 10 wk. Women were given a supplement containing 2.0 mg of vitamin Ba. Measurements included vitamin B-6 concentrations in breast milk and plasma, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase activity. Results: The WG lost more weight (-4.4 +/- 0.4 vs -0.9 +/- 0.5 kg, P < 0.01) than the CG. Cardiovascular fitness increased by 12% in the WG, compared to 3% in the CG (P = 0.09). Milk vitamin B-6 concentrations increased in both groups (161 <plus/minus> 107 and 191 +/- 85 nmol.L-1, WG and CG, respectively, P = 0.05). There were no significant differences in other vitamin B-6 parameters. Weight and length gain (2.06 +/- 0.21 and 1.83 +/- 0.17 kg; 8.6 +/- 0.6 and 7.2 +/- 0.5 cm; WG and CG, respectively) of infants was not significantly different between groups. Conclusions: Energy restriction and exercise from 4 to 14 wk postpartum in overweight, breastfeeding women consuming adequate dietary intakes and 2.0 mg of supplemental vitamin B-6 does not adversely affect vitamin Ba status or infant growth.
Dietary Quality and Associated Factors among Factory Workers in the Metropolitan Region of Sao Paulo, Brazil; The workplace is a manageable community-based setting for ensuring proper nutrition. This study aimed to evaluate dietary quality and associated factors among adult workers at a cosmetics factory in the metropolitan area of Sao Paulo, Brazil. This factory was actively participating in the Brazilian Workers' Meal Program, which was created to ensure workers' nutritional health. In this cross-sectional study, data on 202 adult workers were assessed using questionnaires (sociodemographic, anthropometric, and lifestyle characteristics) administered during August and September 2006. Dietary intake, measured by 24-hour dietary recall, was used to calculate the modified Healthy Eating Index (HEI). A repeated administration of the 24-hour dietary recall was applied in a random subsample to calculate the modified HEI adjusted for the within-person variation in intake. Mean adjusted modified HEI scores were analyzed using multiple linear regression adjusted for energy. The mean adjusted modified HEI score was 72.3 +/- 8.0. The lowest adjusted modified HEI components scores were "milk and dairy products" (4.4 +/- 3.2) and "sodium" (3.7 +/- 3.1). Two percent of workers had "poor diet" (adjusted modified HEI score <51 points) and the majority (87%) had "diet that needs modification" (adjusted modified HEI score between 51 and 80), despite their participation in the meal program. Adjusted modified HEI scores were considerably higher for men (74.7 +/- 7.0) than for women (66.9 +/- 8.2) and for normal body mass index (calculated as kg/m(2)) (73.3 +/- 7.8) than for overweight/obese (70.9 +/- 8.1). Based on these results, the vast majority of workers were found to have diets that needed improvement. Individuals with higher-quality diets were more likely to have lower body mass index and to be male. J Am Diet Assoc. 2010;110:786-790.
Randomized trial of the short-term effects of dieting compared with dieting plus aerobic exercise on lactation performance; Background: Limiting postpartum weight retention is important for preventing adult obesity, but the effect of weight loss on lactation has nor been studied adequately.
The Nutrition Health Alliance (NutriHeAl) Study: A Randomized, Controlled, Nutritional Intervention Based on Mediterranean Diet in Greek Municipalities; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of Mediterranean diet on weight loss in a large population in a municipality setting. Methods: A 6-month nutritional intervention was implemented in 50 randomly selected municipalities in Greece. In each municipality, approximately 180 overweight or obese patients were recruited and randomly assigned to an intervention group (n = 4500) or to a control group (n = 4500); 1816 and 2210 patients, respectively, completed the study. At baseline, the intervention group attended a 20-minute session where they received recommendations to follow a personalized, slightly hypocaloric, Mediterranean-type diet. The diet was adjusted every 2 weeks. The control group was provided with a leaflet on healthy nutrition and Mediterranean diet. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was evaluated with the Mediterranean diet score (MedDietScore). Results: Subjects in the intervention group were less frequently males and current smokers, had higher body mass index, and followed a healthier diet at baseline than subjects in the control group. In the intervention group, weight, waist circumference, and body fat percentage decreased. In the control group, weight and waist circumference increased. In the intervention group, 48.8% of subjects lost > 5% of body weight compared with 4.2% in the control group (p < 0.001). The MedDietScore increased in the intervention group and did not change in the control group. Independent predictors of loss > 5% of body weight were the decrease in intake of full-fat dairy products and alcohol and the increase in intake of vegetables, in MedDietScore, in walking and in consuming breakfast. Conclusions: Lifestyle change programs focusing on the adoption of Mediterranean diet with frequent monitoring can be implemented successfully in everyday clinical practice. However, retention rates in such programs need to be improved.
Consumption of key food groups during the postpartum period in low-income, non-Hispanic black mothers; The postpartum period can impact diet quality and subsequently place women at greater risk for overweight or obesity. This study examined consumption of key food groups during the first 2 years postpartum among low income, non-Hispanic black, first-time mothers. Data were from the Infant Care, Feeding and Risk of Obesity Study, a cohort of 217 mother infant dyads, followed from 3 to 18 months postpartum, collected from 2003 to 2007. At each study visit (3, 6, 9, 12, and 18 months) 24-h dietary recalls were collected. Consumption levels were compared to those recommended from the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGAs) for each of the following food groups: fruits, vegetables, grains, whole grains, protein foods and dairy, as well as an estimated upper limit for sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption. At each time point, mothers met recommended intake levels for grains and protein foods only. In random-intercept logistic regression models, no demographic or household characteristics were associated with a likelihood of consuming recommended levels for any of the food groups according to the DGAs. Given the low intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and lean protein foods and high intake of SSBs and refined grains, interventions targeting women's diet during the postpartum period are warranted. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Limiting variety in non-nutrient-dense, energy-dense foods during a lifestyle intervention: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary variety is a factor that influences consumption but has received little attention in obesity treatment.
Racial/ethnic differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs at 6 months postpartum; Objective: To examine racial/ethnic differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs in a sample of low-income smoke-exposed women. Design: Cross-sectional analysis using data collected during a randomised control trial. Maternal feeding practices and beliefs were assessed using the Infant Feeding Questionnaire (IFQ), which was administered at 6 months postpartum. ANOVA was used to examine differences in IFQ items by race/ethnicity, while multivariable linear regression models were used to examine differences in IFQ factor scores by race/ethnicity adjusting for potential confounders. Setting: Participants were recruited from prenatal clinics. Participants: 343 women (39 % non-Hispanic White, 28 % Hispanic/Latina, 13 % Black, and 20 % other). Results: Racial/ethnic minority mothers were more likely than non-Hispanic White mothers to put cereal in their infant's bottle so that the infant would stay full longer (P = 0 center dot 032), state their infant wanted more than just formula or breast milk prior to 4 months (P = 0 center dot 019), allow their infant to eat whenever he/she wanted (P = 0 center dot 023) and only allow their infant to eat at set times (P < 0 center dot 001). Adjusting for potential confounders, racial/ethnic minority mothers had higher scores for factors 1 (concern about infant undereating or becoming underweight), 2 (concern about infant's hunger), 4 (concern about infant overeating or becoming overweight) and 5 (feeding infant on a schedule), and lower scores for factor 7 (social interaction with the infant during feeding) than White mothers. Racial/ethnic differences were not found for the other two factors. Conclusions: Differences in maternal feeding practices and beliefs across race/ethnicity are present at 6 months postpartum.
Increased cytokine production by monocytes from human subjects. who consumed grape powder was not mediated by differences in dietary intake patterns; Recently, in a randomized, double-blind crossover study, we reported that consumption of grape powder by obese human subjects increased the production of the proinflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-1 beta and IL-6 by peripheral blood monocytes after ex vivo stimulation with bacterial lipopolysaccharide compared with the placebo treatment. We hypothesized that dietary grape powder increased the production of these cytokines by stimulated monocytes. To test this hypothesis, we used 24-hour dietary recall data to determine if differences in dietary patterns played a role in increased cytokine production. No differences in total energy, protein, carbohydrates, or fat intake in the diets were observed between the grape powder and placebo intervention periods. There were no differences observed in consumption of meats and poultry, eggs, fish, vegetables, grains, total dairy, or nuts and seeds by the participants between the 2 intervention periods. When participants received the grape powder, the recall data showed decreased intakes of butyric and capric acids (P < .05), and a possible trend toward decreased intake of cheese and total fruit (P < .1). Positive associations between the intakes of margaric acid, butter, total dairy, or whole grain and IL-6 production were observed (P < .05). However, path analysis showed that total energy, protein, carbohydrates, and fats, and individual fatty acids did not influence the production of cytokines by monocytes. The path analysis indicated that the increased cytokine production by lipopolysaccharide-stimulated monocytes from obese human subjects was caused by the grape powder and not mediated by differences in dietary intake. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects on markers of inflammation and endothelial cell function of three <i>ad libitum</i> diets differing in type and amount of fat and carbohydrate: a 6-month randomised study in obese individuals; Diet is important for the prevention of CVD, and diets high in MUFA might be more cardioprotective than low-fat diets. We hypothesise that inflammation and endothelial cell function will be improved most favourably by a high-MUFA diet compared with a low-fat diet. This was tested in a parallel randomised intervention trial on overweight individuals (aged 28.2 (SD 4.6) years) assigned to a diet moderate in the amount of fat (35-45% of energy; >20% of fat as MUFA; MUFA diet, n 39), a low-fat (20-30% of energy) diet (LF diet, n 43) or a control diet (35% of energy as fat, n 24) for 6 months after weight loss. Protein constituted 10-20% of energy in all diets. Food was provided free of charge. Fasting blood samples were collected before and after the intervention and analysed for C-reactive protein (CRP), IL-6, intercellular adhesion molecule, von Willebrand factor (vWF) and tissue factor pathway inhibitor. vWF concentrations tended to fall on the LF diet (4.78 (SD 16.44) %; P=0.07). Concentrations of IL-6 were reduced by the MUFA (0.37 (SD 0.74) pg/ml; P<0.01) and LF (0.47 (SD 0.69) pg/ml; P<0.001) diets, and CRP was reduced on all diets (MUFA: 0.48 (SD 1.93) mg/l (P<0.01); LF: 1.46 (SD 2.89) mg/l (P<0.001); control: 1.20 (SD 1.97) mg/l (P<0.01)). No significant differences were observed between changes induced by the different diets. Our findings suggest that in overweight subjects after weight loss, the MUFA and LF diets have similar long-term effects on inflammation and endothelial cell function.
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; Nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of adding peanuts (whole or peanut butter) on first (0-240 min)- and second (240-490 min)-meal glucose metabolism and selected gut satiety hormone responses, appetite ratings and food intake in obese women with high T2DM risk. A group of fifteen women participated in a randomised cross-over clinical trial in which 42.5 g of whole peanuts without skins (WP), peanut butter (PB) or no peanuts (control) were added to a 75 g available carbohydrate-matched breakfast meal. Postprandial concentrations (0-490 min) of glucose, insulin, NEFA, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide YY (PYY), cholecystokinin (CCK), appetitive sensations and food intake were assessed after breakfast treatments and a standard lunch. Postprandial NEFA incremental AUC (IAUC) (0-240 min) and glucose IAUC (240-490 min) responses were lower for the PB breakfast compared with the control breakfast. Insulin concentrations were higher at 120 and 370 min after the PB consumption than after the control consumption. Desire-to-eat ratings were lower, while PYY, GLP-1 and CCK concentrations were higher after the PB intake compared with the control intake. WP led to similar but non-significant effects. The addition of PB to breakfast moderated postprandial glucose and NEFA concentrations, enhanced gut satiety hormone secretion and reduced the desire to eat. The greater bioaccessibility of the lipid component in PB is probably responsible for the observed incremental post-ingestive responses between the nut forms. Inclusion of PB, and probably WP, to breakfast may help to moderate glucose concentrations and appetite in obese women.
Interventions Designed to Promote Exclusive Breastfeeding in High-Income Countries: A Systematic Review Update; Background: Worldwide, women seldom reach the recommended target of exclusive breastfeeding up to 6 months postpartum. The aim of the current study was to update a previously published review that presented a conceptual and methodological synthesis of interventions designed to promote exclusive breastfeeding up to 6 months in high-income countries. Materials and Methods: A systematic search of leading databases was conducted for scholarly, peer-reviewed, randomized controlled trials published from June 2013 to December 2016. Twelve new articles were identified as relevant; all were published in English and assessed exclusive breastfeeding with a follow-up period extending beyond 4 months postpartum. Articles were analyzed for overall quality of evidence in regard to duration of exclusive breastfeeding, using the Grading and Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation approach. Results: A significant increase in the duration of exclusive breastfeeding was found in 4 of the 12 studies. All four successful interventions had long-duration postpartum programs, implemented by telephone, text message, or through a website. Some of the successful interventions also included prenatal education or in-hospital breastfeeding support. Conclusions: Results from this review update correspond closely with previous findings, in that all of the successful interventions had lengthy postnatal support or an education component. More studies assessed intervention fidelity than in the previous review; however, there was little discussion of maternal body-mass index. While a pattern of successful interventions is beginning to emerge, further research is needed to provide a robust evidence base to inform future interventions, particularly with overweight and obese women.
Postprandial Responses to Lipid and Carbohydrate Ingestion in Repeated Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue Biopsies in Healthy Adults; Adipose tissue is a primary site of meta-inflammation. Diet composition influences adipose tissue metabolism and a single meal can drive an inflammatory response in postprandial period. This study aimed to examine the effect lipid and carbohydrate ingestion compared with a non-caloric placebo on adipose tissue response. Thirty-three healthy adults (age 24.5 +/- 3.3 year (mean +/- standard deviation (SD)); body mass index (BMI) 24.1 +/- 3.2 kg/m(2), were randomised into one of three parallel beverage groups; placebo (water), carbohydrate (maltodextrin) or lipid (dairy-cream). Subcutaneous, abdominal adipose tissue biopsies and serum samples were collected prior to (0 h), as well as 2 h and 4 h after consumption of the beverage. Adipose tissue gene expression levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) increased in all three groups, without an increase in circulating TNF-. Serum leptin (0.6-fold, p = 0.03) and adipose tissue leptin gene expression levels (0.6-fold, p = 0.001) decreased in the hours following the placebo beverage, but not the nutrient beverages. Despite increased inflammatory cytokine gene expression in adipose tissue with all beverages, suggesting a confounding effect of the repeated biopsy method, differences in metabolic responses of adipose tissue and circulating adipokines to ingestion of lipid and carbohydrate beverages were observed.
A Paleolithic-type diet results in iodine deficiency: a 2-year randomized trial in postmenopausal obese women; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Different diets are used for weight loss. A Paleolithic-type diet (PD) has beneficial metabolic effects, but two of the largest iodine sources, table salt and dairy products, are excluded. The objectives of this study were to compare 24-h urinary iodine concentration (24-UIC) in subjects on PD with 24-UIC in subjects on a diet according to the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) and to study if PD results in a higher risk of developing iodine deficiency (ID), than NNR diet.
Dietary diversity scores and nutritional status of women in two seasons in rural areas of Ogun State, Nigeria; Purpose - The aim of the study is to assess the dietary diversity score (DDS) and nutritional status of women in the University of Agriculture extension village in rural areas of Ogun State, Nigeria.
Nutritionally induced adipose hypertrophy in young pigs is transient and independent of changes in the expression of the <i>obese</i> and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor genes; Previous studies have shown that piglets weaned to a liquid milk replacer (MR), rather than a typical dry diet (DD) regimen, have improved growth rates and deposit more energy as body fat. In the present study, we used this model to determine whether changes in the expression of genes linked to the regulation of adiposity were related to the accelerated fat accretion, We also determined whether the increase in body fat was sustained throughout a substantial proportion of the growth curve. At weaning (19 +/- 2 days of age), 96 piglets were placed in 12 replicate pens per diet (4 pigs per pen. 2 barrows and 2 gilts), and fed a liquid MR or conventional DD regimen for 5 weeks. Thereafter. 6 barrows and 6 gilts pigs from each diet were killed for determination of whole body chemical composition (less gastrointestinal contents). The remaining pigs were assigned randomly to weight target groups (60, 85, and 110 kg), placed in individual pens. and fed a conventional dietary regimen until killed at their respective weight targets for tissue sampling and determination of whole body chemical composition. Over the 5-week period in which the MR was fed, the growth rate of the pigs consuming the MR exceeded that of the pigs fed the DD by 36% (P <.05). Fat gain in these pigs was increased to 1.8 times that of the pigs fed the DD, and percentage body fat was 45% greater (P <.05). Acetyl Co-A carboxylase (ACC) activity (per mg of adipose extract protein) was not different between the two diet groups at the conclusion of the 5-week period, or at 110 kg body weight. During the MR period, actual protein gain was increased (P <.05) 22% in the pigs fed the MR as well. By 110 kg of body weight, body fat was reduced (P <.05) by 7.7% (total fat mass) and 8.3% (percentage of body weight basis) in the pigs fed MR v's. the DD group. The expression of the peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR) alpha and gamma was not influenced by diet or by body weight. Expression of the obese gene was independent of diet, but was greater (P <.09) in pigs at 110 kg body weight than at 60 kg. These data provide additional evidence that piglets weaned to liquid diets have greater rates of growth and deposit more body fat, but that this difference subsides quickly when a typical dry dietary regimen is imposed. Furthermore, the biochemical changes responsible for the increased adiposity are independent of changes in the expression of the obese or PPAR genes, at least at the mRNA level. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of 8 Weeks milk thistle powder (silymarin extract) supplementation on fatty liver disease in patients candidates for bariatric surgery; Introduction: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide and is becoming the most frequent indication of liver transplantation. At present, since no Food and Drug Association (FDA) approved medication exists for NAFLD patients, bariatric surgery is indicated for the significant improvement in obesity-related comorbidities, such as NAFLD. However, alternative therapy is emerging to manage NAFLD. Problematically, many patients taking herbal remedies, such as Silymarin (milk thistle), with little/no understanding of its purported properties. Methods: Fifty-two morbidly-obese (47.84 +/- 6.48 kg m-2) patient candidates (mean age: 38.90 +/- 10.28 years; n = 41 women and 11 men) for bariatric surgery with NAFLD were randomly assigned to determine the efficacy of eight weeks of Silymarin supplementation (140 mg four times daily for a total of 560 mg) on the aspartate transaminase (AST)/alanine transaminase (ALT) (AST/ALT) ratio, Fibrosis-4 (Fib-4) score, NAFLD score, sonographic grading, and fibroscan stages of NAFLD. Results: Significant (p <= 0.05) improvements were found in AST/ALT ratio, BMI and sonographic grading. No significant change was found for fibroscan staging, Fib-4, and NAFLD scores. Conclusion: Silymarin improved ultrasound fatty liver grading and liver enzymes morbidly-obese patient candidates for bariatric surgery with NAFLD after only eight weeks, without any adverse effects.
Effect of dietary energy supply to dry Holstein cows with high or low body condition score at dry off on production and metabolism in early lactation; The aim of the experiment was to investigate the effects of manipulating body condition score (BCS) during the dry period of over-conditioned and under-conditioned cows using two dry period diets with high and low energy content, respectively. The cows' ability to cope with the transition from pregnancy to lactation was evaluated by production parameters and several plasma and liver variables. Furthermore, the outcome of the experiment was used to see the potential of using BCS at dry off as a guiding principle in dry cow feeding management.
Diet or exercise, or both, for preventing excessive weight gain in pregnancy; Background
Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B contributes to lower energy intake and body weight reduction, in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized clinical trial; Yoghurt naturally contains vitamins of B-complex which play a central role in energy metabolism. This study investigates the effects of consumption of yoghurt enriched with vitamins B, in comparison with conventional yoghurt, on body weight management and glycemic control of patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Thirty-three overweight/obese patients (BMI 27-36 kg m(-2)) were randomized into two groups receiving two servings of non-fat yoghurt per day, either strawberry-flavored enriched with vitamins B1, B5 and B6 (VY) or conventional (CY) for 12 weeks. At the beginning and the end of the dietary intervention, anthropometric characteristics, biochemical parameters, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and interleukin-1b (IL-1b), vitamins B and homocysteine concentrations were determined. Dietary assessments were also performed. At the end of the intervention, body weight and BMI were reduced in the VY group (86.5 +/- 3.1 vs. 87.7 +/- 3.0 kg, and 29.2 +/- 1.0 vs. 29.6 +/- 0.9 kg m(-2), respectively, P < 0.05) and dietary intake was lower compared to the CY group (7277.6 +/- 332.6 vs. 9918.2 +/- 612.1 kJ day(-1), P < 0.05). HbA(1c) was marginally reduced in the VY group (6.2 +/- 0.2 vs. 6.4 +/- 0.3%, P = 0.08), concentrations of B1, B2 and B6 were increased (63.8 +/- 5.6 vs. 52.8 +/- 1.7 mu g L-1, P = 0.09, 9.2 +/- 1.5 vs. 6.9 +/- 1.4 mu g L-1, P < 0.05 and 23.0 +/- 2.8 vs. 14.9 +/- 1.2 mu g L-1, P < 0.05, respectively) and a trend towards reduced homocysteine concentrations was observed (16.9 +/- 1.7 vs. 18.3 +/- 2.0 mu mol L-1, P = 0.06). IL-6 was decreased in both groups but significantly in the CY group (1.33 +/- 0.13 vs. 1.67 +/- 0.63 pg mL(-1), P < 0.05). Daily consumption of fruit-flavored yoghurt enriched with vitamins B facilitates body weight management and improves vitamins B status and homocysteine levels in overweight/obese T2DM patients.
Double blind control trial of vitamin D fortified milk on the expression of lncRNAs and adiponectin for patients with metabolic syndrome; BackgroundMetabolic syndrome (Mets) is a common metabolic disorder in which hypoadiponectinemia is one of the consequences for the body caused by inflammation, and vitamin D may help improve inflammatory symptoms. LncRNAs (long non-coding RNA) play several different regulatory roles in the body. The goal of this study was to see how adding vitamin D to milk affected the levels of adiponectin and inflammatory lncRNAs in the serum of people with Mets.MethodsThis clinical trial was conducted on staff and students between the ages of 30 and 50 at Mashhad University of Medical Sciences and met the International Diabetes Federation's criteria for Mets. Eighty-two Mets were assigned randomly to one of two groups for ten weeks: fortified milk (FM) with 1500 IU vitamin D or non-fortified milk (NFM). Total RNA was extracted from both frozen clinical samples using Trizol reagent. APQ AS and MALAT1 lncRNA gene expression were measured by Real-Time PCR.ResultsSerum adiponectin levels in the FM group increased significantly compared to the NFM group (p = 0.01). Also, the expression of APQ AS and MALAT1 genes decreased after ten weeks, which showed a significant decrease in APQ AS (p = 0.036).ConclusionAs in FM, vitamin D may have anti-inflammatory effects and increase adiponectin levels in people with Mets via decreasing APQ AS gene expression.
DDT and its metabolites in breast milk from two regions in Saudi Arabia; A cross sectional study was designed to measure DDT residues and its metabolites in breast milk samples collected randomly from Saudi lactating mothers living in Al-Ehssa region; which was under leishmania control until 1995, and compare them to samples from, mothers living in Riyadh region where no spraying activities was involved. p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDD and p,p'-DDT residues were measured in 878 breast milk samples by Gas Chromatography/Electron Capture Detector (GC/ECO) and confirmed by Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometer Detector (GC/MSD). Variation in the DDT and its metabolites levels were investigated with respect to regional distribution. Wilcoxon rank sum tests showed that the average ranks of p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDD, p,p'-DDT and Sigma p,p'-DDT in lactating mothers from Al-Ehssa region were significantly higher than those living in Riyadh region. These differences supported our hypothesis that the implications of the spraying activities to control vector borne diseases in Al-Ehssa region are obvious. We estimated that 99.2% of infants of lactating mothers living in Al-Ehssa region had Sigma p,p'-DDT daily intakes that exceeded 20 mug/Kg-day of body weight, the WHO/UAEP Acceptable Daily Intakes for a 5-Kg infant. Exposure of infants to these chemicals through breast-feeding is clearly a public health concern. Because the bulk of literature highlights the adverse health effects of DDT and its metabolites on children and infants, public health polices should enforce the ban of DDT use and advise pregnant and lactating women to avoid DDT containing food or any other type of exposure.
Effect of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance in pregnant women: a randomized controlled trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Owing to excess body weight and increased secretion of inflammatory cytokines primarily during the third trimester, pregnancy is associated with elevated insulin resistance. To our knowledge, no report is available indicating the effects of probiotic yoghurt consumption on serum insulin levels in pregnant women. This study was designed to determine the effects of daily consumption of probiotic yoghurt on insulin resistance and serum insulin levels of Iranian pregnant women.
Consumption of Yogurt and the Incident Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Cohort Studies; Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses have evaluated the association of dairy consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the findings were inconsistent. No quantitative analysis has specifically assessed the effect of yogurt intake on the incident risk of CVD. We searched the PubMed and the Embase databases from inception to 10 January 2017. A generic inverse-variance method was used to pool the fully-adjusted relative risks (RRs) and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) with a random-effects model. A generalized least squares trend estimation model was used to calculate the specific slopes in the dose-response analysis. The present systematic review and meta-analysis identified nine prospective cohort articles involving a total of 291,236 participants. Compared with the lowest category, highest category of yogurt consumption was not significantly related with the incident risk of CVD, and the RR (95% CI) was 1.01 (0.95, 1.08) with an evidence of significant heterogeneity (I-2 = 52%). However, intake of >= 200 g/day yogurt was significantly associated with a lower risk of CVD in the subgroup analysis. There was a trend that a higher level of yogurt consumption was associated with a lower incident risk of CVD in the dose-response analysis. A daily dose of >= 200 g yogurt intake might be associated with a lower incident risk of CVD. Further cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are still demanded to establish and confirm the observed association in populations with different characteristics.
Supplementation with dairy calcium and/or flaxseed fibers in conjunction with orlistat augments fecal fat excretion without altering ratings of gastrointestinal comfort; Background: Orlistat is a lipase inhibitor which reduced absorption of dietary fat by similar to 30% thereby inducing a weight loss; however, side effects occur as a consequence of increased colonic fat content. To test the hypothesis that most gastrointestinal side events induced by treatment with orlistat could be prevented/ameliorated by concomitant use of natural dietary components, flaxseed fiber (Gamma Gamma) and/or dairy calcium (Ca), binding liquid fats to more solid complexes.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction augments weight loss-induced improvements in glycaemic control and liver fat in individuals with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial; Aims/hypothesis Lifestyle modification and weight loss are cornerstones of type 2 diabetes management. However, carbohydrate restriction may have weight-independent beneficial effects on glycaemic control. This has been difficult to demonstrate because low-carbohydrate diets readily decrease body weight. We hypothesised that carbohydrate restriction enhances the beneficial metabolic effects of weight loss in type 2 diabetes.
Methodology and Early Findings of the Fifth Survey of Childhood and Adolescence Surveillance and Prevention of Adult Noncommunicable Disease: The CASPIAN-V Study; Background: This paper presents the methodology and early findings of the fifth survey of a school-based surveillance program in Iran.
Consumer knowledge about dietary fats: another French paradox?; Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to compare knowledge about dietary fats in some dairy products and other foods across consumers from France, (French-speaking) Canada and the USA. A relation is explored between the types of information, knowledge levels and obesity predominance.
Low vitamin D status is associated with physical inactivity, obesity and low vitamin D intake in a large US sample of healthy middle-aged men and women; The aim of this study was to investigate modifiable predictors of vitamin D status in healthy individuals, aged 55-74, and living across the USA. Vitamin D status [serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D)] was measured along with age and season at blood collection, demographics, anthropometry, physical activity (PA), diet, and other lifestyle factors in 1357 male and 1264 female controls selected from the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial (PLCO) cohort. Multivariate linear and logistic regression analyses were used to identify associations with vitamin D status. Three%, 29% and 79% of the population had serum 25(OH)D levels <25, <50 and <80 nmol/L, respectively. The major modifiable predictors of low vitamin D status were low vitamin D dietary and supplement intake, body mass index (BMI) >30 kg/m(2), physical inactivity (PA) and low milk and calcium supplement intake. In men, 25(OH)D was determined more by milk intake on cereal and in women, by vitamin D and calcium supplement and menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) use. Thus targeting an increase in vigorous activity and vitamin D and calcium intake and decreasing obesity could be public health interventions independent of sun exposure to improve vitamin D status in middle-aged Americans. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Paraoxonase 1 Activity in Chylomicrons and VLDL: The Effect of Type 2 Diabetes and Meals Rich in Saturated Fat and Oleic Acid; Paraoxonase 1 (PON 1) has antioxidant and cardioprotective properties and is abnormally low in type 2 diabetic serum. This study aimed to determine the effect of type 2 diabetes and meals rich in saturated fat and oleic acid on PON1 activity in chylomicrons and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL). PON1 arylesterase activity was measured in chylomicrons and VLDL that were isolated in serum from 20 patients with type 2 diabetes and 20 age- and gender-matched, overweight controls 3 h after meals rich in cream or olive oil in a randomized, cross-over study. Chylomicron-PON1 activity (45%, P = 0.02), ratio chylomicron-PON1/chylomicron-triacylglycerides (TAG) (42%, P = 0.03) and chylomicron-protein content (46%, P < 0.001) were significantly lower in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with controls after the olive oil meal with comparable findings after the meal rich in cream. After ingestion of olive oil, chylomicron-PON1 activity was significantly higher in controls (P = 0.01) and marginally higher (P = 0.06) in diabetic patients and chylomicron-TAG were significantly (P < 0. 05) higher in both groups of subjects, compared with values after ingestion of cream. VLDL-PON1 increased (two-fold) significantly (P < 0.003) during both meals. Chylomicron-PON1 activity was correlated significantly with chylomicron-protein (P < 0.001, n = 40) and with postprandial serum PON1 activity (P a parts per thousand currency sign 0.001, n = 40). Our data suggest that type 2 diabetes is associated with abnormally low chylomicron-PON1 activity after fatty meals and this may be linked to lower chylomicron-protein content and serum PON1 activity. Switching from saturated fat to olive oil in the meal increases PON1 activity in the chylomicron fraction largely due to increased numbers of chylomicron particles.
<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 reduces postprandial and fasting serum non-esterified fatty acid levels in Japanese hypertriacylglycerolemic subjects; Background: Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 (LG2055) inhibits dietary fat absorption in rats and exerts preventive effects on abdominal adiposity in rats and humans. The present study aimed to evaluate the effects of LG2055 on postprandial serum lipid responses in Japanese subjects with hypertriacylglycerolemia after the intake of oral fat-loading test (OFLT) meals.
Evidence for the effects of yogurt on gut health and obesity; Obesity is associated with increased risk for chronic diseases, and affects both developed and developing nations. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense food that may benefit individuals with lactose intolerance, constipation and diarrheal diseases, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and certain types of cancer. Emerging evidence suggests that yogurt consumption might also improve the health of obese individuals. Obesity is often accompanied by chronic, low-grade inflammation perpetuated by adipose tissue and the gut. In the gut, obesity-associated dysregulation of microbiota and impaired gut barrier function may increase endotoxin exposure. Intestinal barrier function can be compromised by pathogens, inflammatory cytokines, endocannabinoids, diet, exercise, and gastrointestinal peptides. Yogurt consumption may improve gut health and reduce chronic inflammation by enhancing innate and adaptive immune responses, intestinal barrier function, lipid profiles, and by regulating appetite. While this evidence suggests that yogurt consumption is beneficial for obese individuals, randomized-controlled trials are needed to further support this hypothesis.
Effect of Lorcaserin Alone and in Combination with Phentermine on Food Cravings After 12-Week Treatment: A Randomized Substudy; Objective: This study evaluated the effect of lorcaserin 10 mg twice daily (LOR BID), or with phentermine 15 mg once daily (LOR BID+PHEN QD) and 15 mg twice daily (LOR BID+PHEN BID), in conjunction with energy restriction on food cravings.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a-substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteopprosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Effect of Low-Energy-Dense Diet Rich in Multiple Functional Foods on Weight-Loss Maintenance, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: There are no investigations regarding the effects of consuming low-energy-dense diets rich in multiple functional foods on weight-loss maintenance, inflammatory markers, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors simultaneously.Method: This randomized controlled trial design was conducted on 90 men and women who were under a previous weight loss diet. Three months of intervention with recruitment at Allzahra Hospital, Isfahan, Iran, was done. Intervention was conducted following achieving 7-11kg weight loss. Participants were encouraged to consumed these three: an isocaloric control diet (50% of energy from carbohydrate, 35% from fat, 15% from protein), a low-glycemic-index diet (LE) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein), and a low-glycemic-index diet rich in multiple functional foods (LE + FF) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein). Fasting blood glucose, serum insulin level, lipid profiles, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines.Results: The percent changes of weight, waist, and body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, malondialdehyde (MDA), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor (TNF) , total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, and fasting blood glucose (FBS) were substantially more decreased in the LE + FF group compared to the LE and control groups (p 0.03). Percent change of adiponectin among the LE + FF group was significantly more enhanced (7.29 0.10) compared with the LE group (1.28 +/- 0.20) (p = 0.001). Significantly more increment in the percent change of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (6.91 +/- 0.10) was obtained among the LE + FF group compared to the LE group (1.79 +/- 0.04).Conclusions: This study provides established evidence supporting the beneficial effects of a low-energy-dense diet rich in multiple functional foods diet on improving weight-loss maintenance, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors.
Protein Intake, Weight Loss, and Bone Mineral Density in Postmenopausal Women; Background. Higher protein diets are promoted for effective weight loss. Striated tissues in omnivorous diets contain high-quality protein, but limited data exist regarding their effects on bone.
Saturated Fats and Health: A Reassessment and Proposal for Food-Based Recommendations <i>JACC</i> State-of-the-Art Review; The recommendation to limit dietary saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake has persisted despite mounting evidence to the contrary. Most recent meta-analyses of randomized trials and observational studies found no beneficial effects of reducing SFA intake on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, and instead found protective effects against stroke. Although SFAs increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, in most individuals, this is not due to increasing levels of small, dense LDL particles, but rather larger LDL particles, which are much less strongly related to CVD risk. It is also apparent that the health effects of foods cannot be predicted by their content in any nutrient group without considering the overall macronutrient distribution. Whole-fat dairy, unprocessed meat, and dark chocolate are SFA-rich foods with a complex matrix that are not associated with increased risk of CVD. The totality of available evidence does not support further limiting the intake of such foods. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Waking Salivary Cortisol Associated with Magnitude of Cholesterol Reduction in Women Fed a Healthy Whole-Food Diet for 8 Weeks; Background: Diet and cortisol are independently linked to cardiometabolic function and health, but underlying alterations in circulating cortisol may influence beneficial cardiometabolic effects of consuming a healthy diet.
<i>Prevotella</i>-to-<i>Bacteroides</i> ratio predicts body weight and fat loss success on 24-week diets varying in macronutrient composition and dietary fiber: results from a post-hoc analysis; Background/objectives Individuals with high pre-treatment bacterial Prevotella-to-Bacteroides (P/B) ratio have been reported to lose more body weight on diets high in fiber than subjects with a low P/B ratio. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to examine potential differences in dietary weight loss responses between participants with low and high P/B.
Glutathione metabolism and nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2)-related proteins in adipose tissue are altered by supply of ethyl-cellulose rumen-protected methionine in peripartal Holstein cows; Enhancing the supply of rumen-protected Met (RPM) during the peripartum period alleviates inflammation and oxidative stress status in dairy cows. We tested the hypothesis that RPM could increase abundance of genes and proteins related to glutathione (GSH) metabolism and the antioxidant transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2) in subcutaneous adipose tissue. Multiparous Holstein cows were fed a basal diet [control prepartum diet = 1.47 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM) and 15.3% crude protein; control postpartum diet = 1.67 Mcal/kg of DM and 17.7% crude protein] or the control plus ethyl-cellulose RPM at a rate of 0.09 and 0.10% of DM intake before expected calving and after calving, respectively. Sixty cows were assigned to treatments based on parity, previous 305-d milk yield, and body condition score at 28 d from parturition. Diets were fed from -28 to 30 d. Biopsies of subcutaneous adipose tissue collected on d -10, 10, and 30 relative to parturition from 7 cows in each group were used for measuring concentrations of GSH, reactive oxygen species, superoxide dismutase, malondialdehyde, and mRNA and protein abundance (Western blotting). A repeated-measures ANOVA, was used for statistics. The statistical model included the random effect of block and fixed effects of treatment, time, and its interaction. There was a diet x time effect for reactive oxygen species due to lower concentrations in Met versus control cows specifically at d - 10. Cows fed Met also had lower concentrations of malondialdehyde in subcutaneous adipose tissue. Compared with controls, overall mRNA abundance of the GSH metabolism-related genes cystathionine-beta-synthase (CBS), glutamate-cysteine ligase modifier subunit (GCLM), glutathione reductase (GSR), and glutathione peroxi-dase 1 (GPX1) was greater in cows fed Met. Furthermore, supply of Met resulted in an overall upregulation of protein abundance of glutathione peroxidase (GPX) 1, GPX3, glutathione S-transferase mu 1 (GSTM1), and glutathione S-transferase alpha 4 (GSTA4), all related to GSH metabolism. There was a diet x time effect for protein abundance of NFE2L2 and its repressor Kelch-like ECH associated protein 1 (KEAP1) due to lower values at 30 d in cows fed Met versus controls. The abundance of phosphorylated NFE2L2 was lower at 30 d in response to Met. Overall, the data suggest that exogenous Met may play a role in activating GSH metabolism and the antioxidant NFE2L2 pathways in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Challenges in Designing and Delivering Diets and Assessing Adherence: A Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans; Background: Controlled-feeding trials are challenging to design and administer in a free-living setting. There is a need to share methods and best practices for diet design, delivery, and standard adherence metrics.
Changes in body composition following a dietary and lifestyle intervention trial: The postmenopausal health study; Objective: To examine whether dietary changes and the consumption of dairy products fortified with calcium and vitamin D(3) versus the use of a calcium supplement alone could have any effect on anthropometric and body composition indices of postmenopausal women over a 12-month period.
Prepartum body condition score and plane of nutrition affect the hepatic transcriptome during the transition period in grazing dairy cows; Background: A transcriptomic approach was used to evaluate potential interactions between prepartum body condition score (BCS) and feeding management in the weeks before calving on hepatic metabolism during the periparturient period.
Effect of Continuous Ingestion of Bifidobacteria and Inulin on Reducing Body Fat: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Comparison Study; Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis GCL2505 has been shown to have several positive health effects, including improved defecation frequency and reduced visceral fat. It is known that combined intake of GCL2505 and inulin increases the total number of bifidobacteria compared with ingestion of GCL2505 alone. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study was conducted to confirm that consumption of GCL2505 and inulin reduces abdominal fat (n = 120). Participants consumed a test beverage containing 1 x 10(10) colony-forming units of GCL2505 per 100 g and 2.0 g of inulin per 100 g for 12 weeks. A change in the visceral fat area (VFA) was set as the primary endpoint. There were significant reductions in VFA and total fat area. The intervention significantly increased the total number of bifidobacteria and affected the levels of several lipid markers. Regression analysis of bifidobacteria and measured parameters showed that total bifidobacteria correlated with VFA and body mass index (BMI), while endogenous bifidobacteria and Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis correlated only with BMI, suggesting that increases in both contributed to the decrease in VFA. These results suggest that combined intake of GCL2505 and inulin improves the intestinal environment and reduces abdominal fat in association with the SCFA-mediated pathway.
Magnitude of rise in proneurotensin is related to amount of triglyceride appearance in blood after standardized oral intake of both saturated and unsaturated fat; BackgroundIn rodents, neurotensin contributes to high fat diet induced obesity by facilitation of intestinal fat absorption. The effect of oral lipid load on plasma proneurotensin and relationship with plasma triglycerides in humans is unknown.AimTo investigate the acute effects of an oral lipid load on proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides and their interrelationships in healthy individuals.Setting/ methodsTwenty-two healthy subjects were given 150mL of full milk cream (54g fat) and 59mL of pure olive oil (54g fat) in the fasted state at two different occasions separated by at least 1week in random order. Venous blood was drawn at fasted before 0h (h) and at 1h, 2h and 4h after ingestion. Post-ingested values of proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides were compared with fasting levels and post ingestion Area Under the Curve (AUC) of proneurotensin was correlated with that of plasma triglycerides.ResultsAn immediate rise of plasma proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides were observed after ingestion of cream with maximum increase at 2h for proneurotensin [mean (95% confidence interval)] of 22 (12-31) pmol/L (P<0.001) and at 3h for triglycerides of 0.60 (0.43-0.78) mmol/L (P<0.001). Similarly, plasma proneurotensin and plasma triglycerides increased after ingestion of olive oil with maximum increase of proneurotensin at 3h of 62 (46-78) pmol/L (P<0.001) and plasma triglycerides at 3h of 0.32 (0.18-0.45) mmol/L (P<0.001). The post lipid load AUC for proneurotensin correlated significantly with the AUC for plasma triglycerides both after cream (r =0.49, P=0.021) and olive oil (r =0.55, P=0.008), respectively.ConclusionProneurotensin increases after an oral lipid load of both cream and olive oil and the rise of post-ingestion plasma triglycerides is significantly related to the rise of post-ingestion proneurotensin.
Eating behaviors and health history of rural midlife to older women in the Midwestern United States; This study was conducted to examine daily energy, food group, and nutrient intakes of late midlife to older women living in the rural Midwestern United States compared with recommended intakes for the US population, and to describe their physical measures and health history. Random-digit dialing was used to recruit 225 community-dwelling women aged 50 to 69 years from a rural Midwestern area of the United States. Participants completed online food intake and health history surveys. Nearly half of the women had energy intakes in excess of their Estimated Energy Requirement. Mean daily servings of fruits, grains, and dairy products were below target levels identified in the 2000 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Mean calcium and dietary fiber intakes were below recommended levels, while percent calories from fat (39.0%+/- 6.8%) were well above recommendations. Eighty percent were overweight or obese and 76% were prehypertensive or hypertensive, yet only 33.5% indicated their health care provider had discussed dietary factors with them in the previous year. Late midlife and older rural Midwestern women, aged 50 to 69 years, need more guidance than they currently receive to learn how to make changes to meet dietary recommendations, particularly with a focus on establishing a more healthful dietary pattern that will be suitable for their older years.
The healthy food marketing strategies study: design, baseline characteristics, and supermarket compliance; Identifying effective strategies to promote healthy eating and reduce obesity is a priority in the USA, especially among low-income and minority groups, who often have less access to healthy food and higher rates of obesity. Efforts to improve food access have led to more supermarkets in low-income, ethnically diverse neighborhoods. However, this alone may not be enough to reduce food insecurity and improve residents' diet quality and health. This paper summarizes the design, methods, baseline findings, and supermarket in-store marketing strategy compliance for a randomized trial of the impact of healthy food marketing on the purchase of healthier "target" food items. Thirty-three supermarkets in low-income, high-minority neighborhoods in the metropolitan Philadelphia area were matched on store size and percentage of sales from government food assistance programs and randomly assigned to the intervention or control group. Healthy marketing strategies, including increased availability of healthier "target" products, prime shelf-placement and call-out promotion signs, and reduced availability of regular "comparison" products, were implemented in 16 intervention stores for an 18 month period for over 100 individual food items. Six product categories were studied: bread, checkout cooler beverages, cheese, frozen dinners, milk, and salty snacks. The primary outcome measure was weekly sates per store in each product category for 1 year preintervention and 18 months during the intervention. Compliance with the marketing strategies was assessed twice per month for the first 6 months and once a month thereafter. Store and neighborhood characteristics were not significantly different between control and intervention stores. Intercept surveys with customers to assess shopping habits and grocery marketing environment assessments to examine the food promotion environment were completed in the same six food categories. In intercept surveys, 51.0% of shoppers self-identified as overweight and 60.6% wanted to change their weight. Shoppers who typically purchased one type of food over another commonly did so out of habit or because the item was on sale. Findings revealed that preintervention sates of healthier "target" or regular "comparison" items did not differ between intervention and control stores for 1 year prior to intervention implementation. Rates of compliance with the healthy marketing strategies were high, averaging 76.5% over the first 12 months in all 16 stores. If healthy in-store marketing interventions are effective in this scaled-up, longer-term study, they should be translated into wider use in community supermarkets.
Environmental interventions to reduce the consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and their effects on health; Background
Supplementation with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids in late gestation in ewes changes adipose tissue gene expression in the ewe and growth and plasma concentration of ghrelin in the offspring; Omega-3 long chain fatty acids have a positive impact on production. When consumed during late gestation, it might have fetal programming effects on the fetus, which will have lifelong impacts on development and production. The objectives of the present study were to evaluate the effect of increasing doses of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the diet of ewes in the last third of gestation on their body weight (BW), subcutaneous adipose tissue relative mRNA abundance of genes associated with adipose tissue metabolism, and growth performance and plasma metabolites and hormones of their offspring during the finishing phase. Ewes (n = 72) were blocked by BW and allotted to pens (8 per treatment) with 3 ewes per pen. Ewes were supplemented with an EPA and DHA source (Strata G113) at concentrations of 0, 1, or 2% of dry matter intake during the last 50 d of gestation. At lambing, all ewes were penned together and offered the same diet. After weaning at 60 d of age, lambs were blocked by BW and sex and fed for 56 d. All lambs were fed the same pellet diet (61.09% ground corn, 24.08% soy hulls, 11.09% soybean meal, 1.48% Ca salt of palm oil, and 2.26% mixed mineral vitamin), and were weighed every 14 d until the end of the trial. Blood samples were collected on the weight sampling days. Dry matter intake and refusals were weighed daily. Data were analyzed as a randomized complete block design with repeated measurements (SAS 9.4). Polynomial contrast (linear-L and quadratic-Q) was used for mean separation. There were no differences in ewe body condition score, milk production, milk fat, or milk protein, but there was a trend for increased (L, P = 0.06) lactose concentration, and also differences in DGAT1 (L, P = 0.04), Delta(5)-desaturase (Q, P = 0.06) and Delta(6)-desaturase (Q, P = 0.07), PPAR alpha (Q, P = 0.03), ELOVL2 and 5 (Q, P < 0.07), FABP4 (Q, P = 0.04), FATP1 (Q, P = 0.06), leptin (Q, P = 0.02), and resistin (L, P = 0.05). Feeding pregnant ewes an increased amount of EPA and DHA in late gestation increased final BW (L, P = 0.01), ADG (L, P = 0.04; Q, P = 0.01), DMI (Q, P <= 0.01), plasma glucose concentration (L, P = 0.04), and trended to decrease ghrelin concentrations (L, P = 0.07) in offspring during the finishing period. Dam supplementation did not affect G:F, nor plasma NEFA concentration (P >= 0.53) of lambs. Therefore, increasing supplementation of EPA and DHA in pregnant ewes has an impact on offspring performance, increasing DMI, ADG, and BW.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium breve</i> B-3 on body fat reductions in pre-obese adults: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Accumulating evidence suggests a relationship between the gut microbiota and the development of obesity, indicating the potential of probioties as a therapeutic approach. Bifidobacterium breve B-3 has been shown to exert anti-obesity effects in high-fat diet-induced obese mice. In the present study, the anti-obesity effects of the consumption of B. breve B-3 by healthy pre-obese (25 <= BMI < 30) adults were investigated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (trial registration: UMIN-CTR No. 000023919; preregistered on September 2, 2016). Eighty participants were randomized to receive placebo or B. breve B-3 capsules (2 x 10(10) CFU/day) daily for 12 weeks. The visceral fat area significantly increased at weeks 4 and 8 in the placebo group only; no significant change was observed in the B-3 group. Body fat mass and percent body fat were significantly lower in the B-3 group than in the placebo group at weeks 8 and 12 (p<0.05, ANCOVA adjusted with baseline values). Although no significant differences were observed in blood parameters between the groups, the intake of B. breve B-3 slightly decreased triglyceride levels and improved HDL cholesterol from the baseline. No serious adverse effects were noted in either group. These results suggest that the probiotic strain B. breve B-3 has potential as a functional food ingredient to reduce body fat in healthy pre-obese individuals.
Use of artificial sweeteners and fat-modified foods in weight loss maintainers and always-normal weight individuals; Objective: The purpose of this study was to compare the dietary strategies, and use of fat- and sugar-modified foods and beverages in a weight loss maintainer group (WLM) and an always-normal weight group ( NW).
Diet Quality for Sodium and Vegetables Mediate Effects of Whole Food Diets on 8-Week Changes in Stress Load; Very little is known about how whole food diets, such as those based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA), influence psychological stress and physiological stress load. To better understand the effects of whole food diets on stress, we examined in a randomized control trial the effects of a DGA-based diet on markers of psychological and physiological stress. A randomized, double-blind, controlled 8-week intervention was conducted in overweight and obese women randomly assigned to one of two diet groups: a diet based on the 2010 DGA or a diet based on a Typical American Diet (TAD). The Perceived Stress Scale and allostatic load were used to assess stress load. Eight-week change in perceived stress did not significantly (p = 0.45) differ between the DGA (+ 0.53 +/- 0.99) and TAD (0.57 +/- 0.99) groups. Likewise, 8-week change in allostatic load did not significantly (p = 0.79) differ between the two diet intervention groups (DGA: + 0.001 +/- 0.26 vs. TAD: + 0.105 +/- 0.28). However, we did find strong inverse associations between 8-week change in stress and intervention-based improvements in diet quality (lower sodium and higher vegetable consumption). When statistically accounting for these inverse associations, we found that perceived stress and allostatic load were higher (p < 0.04) in the DGA group. These findings suggest that improvements in dietary vegetable and sodium intake mediated effects of the diet intervention on psychological and physiological stress load. That is, adopting and adhering to a diet of higher quality (DGA) for 8 weeks may have been generally more stressful in the absence of improvements in vegetable or sodium consumption. This study provides further evidence for the mental health benefits of maximizing vegetable and minimizing sodium consumption.
Different Dimensions of the Home Food Environment May Be Associated with the Body Mass Index of Older Adults: A Cross-Sectional Survey Conducted in Beijing, China; Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the home food environment of the elderly in Beijing and analyze its association with the body mass index (BMI) of the elderly, as well as to provide recommendations for improving the home food environment for the elderly. Methods: This study was conducted in Beijing, China, in 2019. The participants were 1764 elderly individuals aged 65 to 80, recruited from 12 communities through a multistage stratified random sampling method. The study involved the use of questionnaire surveys to gather data on participants' demographics, the availability of various foods in their households, and their living conditions. Socioeconomic status (SES) was evaluated based on their educational level, occupation, and income level. Height and weight measurements were taken to calculate BMI. We conducted both univariate analysis and multiple linear regression analysis to evaluate the relationship between the home food environment and BMI. Results: A total of 1800 questionnaires were distributed, of which 1775 were retrieved, resulting in a questionnaire recovery rate of 98.6%. Among these, 1764 questionnaires were deemed valid, corresponding to a questionnaire validity rate of 99.4%. The participants had a mean age of 69.7 +/- 4.3 years old, over 40% of whom were overweight or obese. In terms of low-energy/high-nutrient-density foods, the most readily available items were fresh vegetables (95.6%), followed by coarse grains (94.1%), fresh fruits (90.4%), and dairy products (83.6%). Among high-energy/low-nutrient-density foods, preserved foods were the most available (51.9%), followed by salted snacks (40.6%), sugary beverages (28.2%), and fried foods (9.4%). Approximately 7.3% of participants lived alone. Elderly individuals with higher SES had a lower BMI compared to those with medium to low SES (25.9 vs. 26.5, 25.9 vs. 26.4, p < 0.05). Those living alone had a higher BMI than those who did not (27.2 vs. 26.2, p = 0.001). After controlling for potential confounding variables, older adults with high SES exhibited a BMI reduction of 0.356 kg/m(2) (p = 0.001), whereas those living alone exhibited an increase in BMI of 1.155 kg/m(2) (p < 0.001). The presence of preserved foods at home was linked to a BMI increase of 0.442 kg/m(2) (p = 0.008). Conclusion: This study underscores the significant impact of family SES, living conditions, and the availability of preserved foods on the BMI of elderly individuals.
Important Food Sources of Fructose-Containing Sugars and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Controlled Trials; Background: Fructose providing excess calories in the form of sugar sweetened beverages (SSBs) increases markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Whether this effect holds for other important food sources of fructose-containing sugars is unclear. To investigate the role of food source and energy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials of the effect of fructose-containing sugars by food source at different levels of energy control on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) markers. Methods and Findings: MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched through 7 January 2022 for controlled trials >= 7-days. Four trial designs were prespecified: substitution (energy-matched substitution of sugars for other macronutrients); addition (excess energy from sugars added to diets); subtraction (excess energy from sugars subtracted from diets); and ad libitum (energy from sugars freely replaced by other macronutrients). The primary outcome was intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL). Secondary outcomes were alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. The certainty of evidence was assessed using GRADE. We included 51 trials (75 trial comparisons, n = 2059) of 10 food sources (sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs); sweetened dairy alternative; 100% fruit juice; fruit; dried fruit; mixed fruit sources; sweets and desserts; added nutritive sweetener; honey; and mixed sources (with SSBs)) in predominantly healthy mixed weight or overweight/obese younger adults. Total fructose-containing sugars increased IHCL (standardized mean difference = 1.72 [95% CI, 1.08 to 2.36], p < 0.001) in addition trials and decreased AST in subtraction trials with no effect on any outcome in substitution or ad libitum trials. There was evidence of influence by food source with SSBs increasing IHCL and ALT in addition trials and mixed sources (with SSBs) decreasing AST in subtraction trials. The certainty of evidence was high for the effect on IHCL and moderate for the effect on ALT for SSBs in addition trials, low for the effect on AST for the removal of energy from mixed sources (with SSBs) in subtraction trials, and generally low to moderate for all other comparisons. Conclusions: Energy control and food source appear to mediate the effect of fructose-containing sugars on NAFLD markers. The evidence provides a good indication that the addition of excess energy from SSBs leads to large increases in liver fat and small important increases in ALT while there is less of an indication that the removal of energy from mixed sources (with SSBs) leads to moderate reductions in AST. Varying uncertainty remains for the lack of effect of other important food sources of fructose-containing sugars at different levels of energy control.
Blood Glucose Response of a Low-Carbohydrate Oral Nutritional Supplement with Isomaltulose and Soluble Dietary Fiber in Individuals with Prediabetes: A Randomized, Single-Blind Crossover Trial; A high-energy-type oral dietary supplement (ONS), with a low proportion of available carbohydrate (LC-ONS), which contains a slowly digestible carbohydrate, isomaltulose, and is fortified with soluble dietary fiber, was newly developed for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of LC-ONS on blood glucose levels after ingestion in individuals with prediabetes. A single-blind, randomized crossover clinical trial was performed on 20 individuals with prediabetes. After overnight fasting, all subjects ingested one serving (200 kcal/125 mL) of either LC-ONS (40% energy proportion of available carbohydrates) or standard ONS (ST-ONS, 54% energy proportion of available carbohydrates) on two separate days. The incremental area under the curve of blood glucose levels for 120 min was significantly lower after LC-ONS ingestion compared to ST-ONS (2207 +/- 391 mg/dL center dot min (least mean square value +/- standard error) and 3735 +/- 391 mg/dL center dot min, respectively; p < 0.001). The LC-ONS showed significantly lower blood glucose levels than the ST-ONS at all time points, except at baseline. Similarly, the incremental area under the curve of plasma insulin was significantly lower after LC-ONS ingestion. These results suggest that LC-ONS is useful as an ONS for energy supply in individuals with postprandial hyperglycemia.
Eating habits of preschool children and the risk of obesity, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome in adults; Background & Objective: Nutrient excess and nutrient deficiency in the diets of preschool children can Lead to permanent modification of metabolic pathways and increased risk of diet-dependent diseases in adults. Children are most susceptible to the adverse consequences of bad eating habits. The objective of this study was to evaluate the eating habits and the diets of preschool children as risk factors for excessive weight, obesity, insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome.
Impact of water intake on energy intake and weight status: a systematic review; The effects of consuming water with meals rather than drinking no beverage or various other beverages remain under-studied. This systematic review of studies reported in the English-language literature was performed to compare the effects of drinking water and various beverage alternatives on energy intake and/or weight status. Relevant clinical trials, epidemiologic studies, and intervention studies were identified and findings across the literature were summarized. From the clinical trials, average differences were calculated in total energy intake at test meals (Delta TEI) for each of several beverage categories in comparison with water. The available literature for these comparisons is sparse and somewhat inconclusive. However, one of the most consistent sets of findings was related to adults drinking sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) versus water before a single meal. In these comparisons, total energy intakes were 7.8% higher (Delta TEI range, -7.5 to 18.9) when SSBs were consumed. Studies comparing non-nutritive sweeteners with water were also relatively consistent and found no impact on energy intake among adults (Delta TEI, -1.3; range, -9 to 13.8). Much less conclusive evidence was found in studies replacing water with milk and juice, with estimated increases in TEI of 14.9% (range, 10.9 to 23.9%). These findings from clinical trials, along with those from epidemiologic and intervention studies, suggest water has a potentially important role to play in reducing energy intake, and consequently in obesity prevention. A need for randomized-controlled trials to confirm this role exists.
Visceral adiposity and metabolic syndrome after very high-fat and low-fat isocaloric diets: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Different aspects of dietary pattern, including macronutrient and food profiles, may affect visceral fat mass and metabolic syndrome.
EFFECT OF GNRH TREATMENT ON FERTILITY OF DAIRY-COWS WITH SPECIAL REGARD TO BODY CONDITION SCORE; The objective of this study was to determine the effect of GnRH treatment in dairy cows differing in body condition score. A total of 2437 primiparous and multiparous cows was allocated randomly to receive either GnRH (100 mu g) or placebo at the post partum exam (25 to 35 d) and at the first breeding. Complete records were available from 1906 cows: Group 1 (n = 535) placebo and placebo; Group 2 (n = 489) GnRH and placebo; group 3 (n = 438) placebo and GnRH; and Group 4 (n = 444) GnRH and GnRH. The change of body condition score during early lactation was determined on a 1 to 5 scale (1 = emaciated to 5 = obese). Cows with a high body condition score (3.0) at the first breeding had 8.8 fewer days to first service and 6.4 fewer days open but more services per conception (0.16) than cows with low body condition score (< 3.0). Conception rate improved when GnRH was administered at the first breeding to cows with a body condition score of < 3.0 at the first breeding regardless of parity. The administration of GnRH at the post partum exam decreased the conception rate in first lactation cows but was beneficial for cows in second and greater lactations. Thus the efficacy of GnRH was not consistent in all parities and body condition groups.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial; Background
Investigation of dose-dependent effects of fat on blood glucose, serum insulin, and appetite sensation; Humans have a high preference for fat, and its excessive intake leads to obesity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dose-dependent fat intake on biological responses and postprandial appetite sensation in healthy adult subjects. Age and body mass index were 29 +/- 1 years and 21.1 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2), respectively. We conducted a randomized, crossover trial and measured laboratory data and appetite sensation via the visual analog scale. Each participant was provided with four different test meals. They consisted of common, basic foods and contained 75g liquid glucose and 4 slices of crackers to which 0 g butter (control), 10 g butter (B10), 20 g butter (B20), and 40 g butter (B40) were added, respectively. The results indicated that single ingestion of butter did not influence laboratory values of glucose, insulin, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), total bile acids, or high-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP). Regarding postprandial appetite sensation, appetite ratings for fullness were the highest after the B40 meal (p < 0.05); however, satisfaction ratings were not significantly different after the ingestion of this meal. Ratings were significantly different after the B20 meal. In conclusion, healthy adult subjects experienced fullness and satisfaction after ingesting 20-40 g of butter.
Daily intake of conjugated linoleic acid-enriched yoghurts:: effects on energy metabolism and adipose tissue gene expression in healthy subjects; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The present study was designed to determine whether 14-week CLA supplementation as triacylglycerols (3-76 g) with a 50: 50 combination of the two main isomers (35 % cis-9,trans-11 and 35 % trans- 10,cis-12) added to flavoured yoghurt-like products was able to alter body composition in healthy subjects and to alter the expression of several key adipose tissue genes (PPAR gamma, lipoprotein lipase (LPL), hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) and uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2)). Forty-four healthy subjects were randomly assigned to consume daily either a CLA-supplemented yoghurt-like product or a placebo yoghurt for 98d. There were no significant effects of CLA supplementation on body weight, fat mass or free fat mass. Basal energy expenditure expressed as kg free fat mass increased significantly in the CLA group (1233 (seen 2-5) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 98 v. 118.7 (SEM 23) kJ/kg free fat mass per d on day 0, P=0.03). PPAR gamma mRNA gene expression increased significantly with CLA supplementation (53 (SEM 20) %, P < 0.01) and a significant reduction in mRNA levels of HSL was observed (-42 (SEM 7) %, P=0.01). The levels of UCP-2 and LPL mRNA were not affected. The present results suggest that a 98 d supplementation diet with a 50: 50 mixture of the two CLA isomers cis-9,trans-11 and trans-10,cis-12 in a dairy product was unable to alter body composition, although a significant increase in the RMR has been induced. Moreover, changes in mRNA PPAR gamma and HSL in adipose tissue were recorded.
Effectiveness of nutritional and exercise interventions to improve body composition and muscle strength or function in sarcopenic obese older adults: A systematic review; Although sarcopenic obesity (SO) poses a major public health concern, a robust approach for the optimization of body composition and strength/function in SO has not yet been established. The purpose of this systematic review was to assess the effectiveness of nutritional (focusing on energy and protein modulation) and exercise interventions, either individually or combined, on body composition and strength/function in older adults with SO. MEDLINE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CINAHL and SPORTDiscus were searched. Main inclusion criteria comprised sarcopenia as defined by the European Working Group on Sarcopenia in Older People (EWGSOP) and obesity defined as % body fat >= 40% (women) and >= 28% (men). Randomized controlled trials (RCTs), randomized controlled crossover trials and controlled clinical trials with older adults (mean age >= 65 years) following a nutritional regimen and/or an exercise training program were considered. Out of 109 full text articles identified, only two RCTs (61 participants) met the inclusion criteria. One study was a nutritional intervention adding 15 g protein center dot dari(-1) (via cheese consumption) to the participants' habitual diet. The second study was a high-speed circuit resistance training intervention. Body composition did not change significantly in either of the studies. However, the exercise intervention improved significantly muscle strength and physical function. Although this review was limited by the small number of eligible studies, it provides evidence for the potential benefits of exercise and highlights the necessity for future research to develop effective interventions including dietary and exercise regimens to combat sarcopenic obesity. Crown Copyright (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of a Higher Protein Intake During Energy Restriction on Changes in Body Composition and Physical Function in Older Women; Background. The purpose of this double-blind randomized clinical trial was to compare the relative effectiveness of a higher protein and conventional carbohydrate intake during weight loss on body composition and physical function in older women.
Japanese-Style Diet and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; This systematic review and meta-analysis elucidate the effects of the Japanese-style diet and characteristic Japanese foods on the mortality risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), cerebrovascular disease (stroke), and heart disease (HD). This review article followed the PRISMA guidelines. A systematic search in PubMed, The Cochrane Library, JDreamIII, and ICHUSHI Web identified prospective cohort studies on Japanese people published till July 2020. The meta-analysis used a random-effects model, and heterogeneity and publication bias were evaluated with I-2 statistic and Egger's test, respectively. Based on inclusion criteria, we extracted 58 articles, including 9 on the Japanese-style diet (n = 469,190) and 49 (n = 2,668,238) on characteristic Japanese foods. With higher adherence to the Japanese-style diet, the pooled risk ratios (RRs) for CVD, stroke, heart disease/ischemic heart disease combined (HD/IHD) mortality were 0.83 (95% CI, 0.77-0.89, I-2 = 58%, Egger's test: p = 0.625, n = 9 studies), 0.80 (95% CI, 0.69-0.93, I-2 = 66%, Egger's test: p = 0.602, n = 6 studies), and 0.81 (95% CI, 0.75-0.88, I-2 = 0%, Egger's test: p = 0.544, n = 6 studies), respectively. Increased consumption of vegetables, fruits, fish, green tea, and milk and dairy products decreased the RR for CVD, stroke, or HD mortality. Increased salt consumption elevated the RR for CVD and stroke mortality. Increased consumption of dietary fiber and plant-derived protein decreased the RR for CVD, stroke, and HD/IHD mortality. The Japanese-style diet and characteristic Japanese foods may reduce CVD mortality. Most studies conducted diet surveys between 1980 and the 1990s. This meta-analysis used articles that evaluated the same cohort study by a different method. A new large-scale cohort study matching the current Japanese dietary habits is needed to confirm these findings.
Association between dietary pattern and risk of cardiovascular disease among adults in the Middle East and North Africa region: a systematic review; Objective: This paper reviews the evidence related to the association of dietary pattern with coronary heart disease (CHD), strokes, and the associated risk factors among adults in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
The significance of calcium in the prevention and management of obesity mechanisms of action; Obesity is an increasingly common problem, both in the United States and in europe, as well as in developing countries. the possible association between dairy products consumption and body weight regulation has been the subject of several recent publications. The interest in this issue arose after biologically plausible mechanisms for this association were identified: most of these suggested a key role for calcium intake from dairy products, although calcium-independent mechanisms have also been proposed. data from cross-sectional epidemiological studies support the hypothesis that a dairy food-rich diet is associated with lower fat accumulation in adults and children; however, prospective studies and randomized controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Different reasons could explain these findings that regard the evaluation of either the ''exposure'' (i.e. the methodological problems in the assessment of dietary intake of nutrients over a long time) and the ''outcome'' (i.e. multiple factors involved in the regulation of body weight). moreover, it could also be hypothesized that high consumption of dairy foods would be a marker of healthier lifestyles, or that nutritional differences exist within dairy products. available data do not unequivocally support the hypothesis that a causal relationship exists between high dairy food intake and/or high dietary calcium intake and lower fat mass deposition. however, research in this field should aim to define the health impact of dairy foods even beyond obesity.
The effect of probiotics on serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: probiotics might have a potential effect to manage serum lipid levels as nutraceuticals. Objective: this systematic review was conducted to explore whether probiotics have an efficient result in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia. Methods: PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Web of Science were searched for randomized controlled trials (from their commencement to January 2021). This meta-analysis was performed by Review Manager 5.3 and STATA 15.1. Changes in serum lipid levels after the intervention were used to evaluate the effect of the probiotics, which were expressed as the weighted mean difference (WMD) with a 95 % confidence interval (CI). Results: a total of 16 studies, which could be regarded as 21 independent trials with 1429 participants, were included in this meta-analysis following our inclusion criteria. It could be observed that probiotics could significantly lower total cholesterol (TC) (WMD: -0.34 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.45 to -0.23 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 73.9 %) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (WMD: -0.26 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.36 to -0.17 mmol/L; p < 0.001, I2 = 79.0 %) levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, while no significant effect between the probiotic intervention and control groups was observed on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (WMD: 0.00 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.02 to 0.02 mmol/L; p = 0.001, I2 = 56.6 %) and triglyceride (TG) (WMD: -0.08 mmol/L, 95 % CI: -0.18 to 0.01 mmol/L; p = 0.003, I2 = 52.4 %) levels. Conclusion: this systematic review showed that probiotics may provide a promising way to reduce serum lipid levels in non-obese healthy adults with hyperlipidemia, but their specific effect still needs more clinical experiments to be proven.
Effects of dietary energy density and feeding strategy during the dry period on feed intake, energy balance, milk production, and blood metabolites of Holstein cows; Our study aimed to assess the effects of dietary energy density and strategy of delivery during the dry period on production and metabolic responses of Holstein cows free of displacement of abomasum, retained placenta, metritis, or hypocalcemia. Twenty-seven multiparous cows dried-off 50 d before calving were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 dietary treatments: a controlled energy, high-fiber diet [CE; 1.39 Mcal net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg of dry matter (DM)] formulated to supply 100% of the NEL requirement at ad libitum intake; or a higher energy diet (1.58 Mcal/kg) fed either at ad libitum (HE) or restricted (RE) intake to supply similar to 150 or 80% of the NEL requirements, respectively. After calving, all cows were fed the same lactation diet. Cows were individually fed and remained in the study until 28 d postpartum. Data were analyzed using 2 contrasts: CE versus HE (effect of diet composition in cows fed for ad libitum DM intake) and HE versus RE (effect of ad libitum or restricted intake of the same diet). Prepartum intakes of DM and NEL as well as energy balance (EB), were greater for HE than CE and greater for HE than RE. Body weight (BW) gain was higher in HE than in RE, but CE and HE did not differ. Change in body condition score did not differ between CE and HE or HE and RE. Postpartum intakes of DM and NEL, EB, BW, body condition score, calf birth BW, milk yield, and milk components did not differ between CE and HE or HE and RE. Concentrations of glucose, insulin, nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, Ca, and Mg pre- and postpartum did not differ among diets. Although sample size was low, dry period plane of energy intake affected prepartum DM intake, EB, and BW gain but did not affect postpartum intakes of DM and NEL, yields of milk and milk components, or blood metabolites in healthy cows.
Thiamine modulates intestinal morphological structure and microbiota under subacute ruminal acidosis induced by a high-concentrate diet in Saanen goats; Ruminant animals are generally fed with starch-rich grain as the main energy source, and the incidence of metabolic diseases such as subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is high due to the intensive farming. Thiamin has been reported to alleviate SARA caused by high-concentrate diets, but the exact mechanism is not well understood. The goal of this study was to examine the role of thiamine in intestinal inflammation and microbiota caused by high-concentrate diets. The SARA model was induced by low neutral detergent fibre/starch ration to study the effects of thiamine on intestinal tissue structure and microbiota. 18 midlactation (148 +/- 3 d in milk; milk yield = 0.71 +/- 0.0300 kg/d) Saanen goats (BW = 36.5 +/- 1.99 kg; body condition score = 2.73 +/- 0.16, where 1= emaciated and 6 = obese) in parities 1 or 2 were selected. The goats were randomly divided into three groups with six replicates: (1) control diet (C; concentrate:forage 30:70), (2) high-concentrate diet (H; concentrate:forage 70:30), and (3) high-concentrate diet with 200 mg of thiamine/kg of DM intake (H + T;concentrate:forage 70:30). The experimental period was lasted for 56 d. The small and large intestine, expression of inflammatory factor genes, tight junction protein genes, total antioxidant capacity, and intestinal microbiota were measured. The results showed that SARA was observed in treatment H, whereas rumen fluid pH was improved in treatment H + T. Treatment H + T also significantly repaired the intestinal tissue structure damaged by SARA, improved the total antioxidant capacity of the small intestinal mucosa, reduced mRNA expression of inflammatory factors in the small intestine tissue, and increased the mRNA expression of tight junction genes in small intestine tissue. The high-concentrate diet reduced the diversity of intestinal microbiota. When thiamine is added to the high-concentrate diet, the relative abundance of intestinal Firmicutes and beneficial bacteria represented by Lactobacilli were upregulated, and the relative abundance of Proteus, a marker of intestinal dysbacteriosis, returned to normal. In conclusion, thiamine supplementation could alleviate the damage to the intestinal tissue structure and microbial environment caused by SARA condition in dairy goats fed a highconcentrate diet. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
No difference in acute effects of supplemental <i>v</i>. dietary calcium on blood pressure and microvascular function in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal: a cross-over randomised study; Recent studies suggest that supplemental Ca (SC) increases the risk of cardiovascular events, whereas dietary Ca (DC) decreases the risk of cardiovascular events. Although frequently consumed with meals, it remains unclear whether Ca can mitigate or aggravate the deleterious effects of a high-fat meal on cardiovascular risk factors. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of SC or DC on blood pressure (BP) and microvascular function (MVF) in the postprandial period in obese women challenged with a high-fat meal. In this cross-over controlled trial, sixteen obese women aged 20-50 years were randomly assigned to receive three test meals (2908 kJ (695 kcal); 48% fat): high DC (HDCM; 547 mg DC), high SC (HSCM; 500 mg SC-calcium carbonate) and low Ca (LCM; 42mg DC). BP was continuously evaluated from 15 min before to 120 min after meals by digital photoplethysmography. Before and 120 min after meals, participants underwent evaluation of serum Ca and microvascular flow after postocclusive reactive hyperaemia (PORH) by laser speckle contrast imaging. Ionised serum Ca rose significantly only after HSCM. Systolic BP increased after the three meals, whereas diastolic BP increased after LCM and HDCM. Hyperaemia peak, hyperaemia amplitude and AUC evaluated after PORH decreased with LCM. After HDCM, there was a reduction in hyperaemia peak and hyperaemia amplitude, whereas HSCM decreased only hyperaemia peak. However, comparative analyses of the effects of three test meals on serum Ca, BP and MVF revealed no significant meal x time interaction. This study suggests that in obese women SC and DC do not interfere with the effects of a high-fat meal on BP and MVF.
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension influence on insulin receptor substrate-lgene expression: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) Type 1 is a main substrate for the insulin receptor, controls insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and the vascular, so it is an important candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). We aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Usual Dietary Advices (UDA) on IRS1 gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Materials and Methods: A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed in 44 women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Participants were randomly assigned to a UDA diet or the DASH diet. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Gene expression was assessed by the real-time polymerase chain reaction at the first of study and after 12 weeks. Independent sample t-test and paired-samples t-test were used to compare means of all variables within and between two groups respectively. Results: IRS1 gene expression was increased in DASH group compared with UDA diet (P = 0.00). Weight and waist circumference decreased in DASH group significantly compared to the UDA group (P < 0.05) but the results between the two groups showed no significant difference. Conclusion: DASH diet increased IRS1 gene expression and probably has beneficial effects on IR risks.
Adipose tissue <i>trans</i>-fatty acids and changes in body weight and waist circumference; Previous studies have suggested that the intake of trans-fatty acids (TFA) plays a role in the development of obesity. The proportions of adipose tissue fatty acids not synthesised endogenously in humans, such as TFA, usually correlate well with the dietary intake. Hence, the use of these biomarkers may provide a more accurate measure of habitual TFA intake than that obtained with dietary questionnaires. The objective of the present study was to investigate the associations between the proportions of specific TFA in adipose tissue and subsequent changes in weight and waist circumference (WC). The relative content of fatty acids in adipose tissue biopsies from a random sample of 996 men and women aged 50-64 years drawn from a Danish cohort study was determined by GC. Baseline data on weight, WC and potential confounders were available together with information on weight and WC 5 years after enrolment. The exposure measures were total trans-octadecenoic acids (18 : 1t), 18 : 1 Delta 6-10t, vaccenic acid (18 : 1 Delta 11t) and rumenic acid (18 : 2 Delta 9c, 11t). Data were analysed using multiple regression with cubic spline modelling. The median proportion of total adipose tissue 18 : 1t was 1.52% (90% central range 0.98, 2.19) in men and 1.47% (1.01, 2.19) in women. No significant associations were observed between the proportions of total 18 : 1t, 18: 1 Delta 6-10t, vaccenic acid or rumenic acid and changes in weight or WC. The present study suggests that the proportions of specific TFA in adipose tissue are not associated with subsequent changes in weight or WC within the exposure range observed in this population.
Effects of 3 diets with various calcium contents on 24-h energy expenditure, fat oxidation, and adipose tissue message RNA expression of lipid metabolism-related proteins; Background: Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicates that calcium intake may be inversely related to body weight, possibly through alterations in 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 [1,25(OH)(2)D-3] metabolism.
Short-term effects of a novel fat emulsion on appetite and food intake; The objective of the study was to confirm the satiety/energy intake effect of a novel fat emulsion (Olibra (R)) versus placebo in the short term. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover design was used. 41 subjects participated in the study (n = 21: junior-normal weight: age 23.7 +/- 2.8 years; BMI: 22.0 +/- 1.6 kg/m(2); n = 20: senior-overweight: age 43.6 +/- 4.9 years; BMI: 27.7 +/- 1.6 kg/m(2)). An energy intake and satiety test (with questionnaires) took place on 2 occasions, with placebo or test yoghurt as breakfast. In the junior-normal weight subjects, consumption of test yoghurt reduced hunger and desire to eat during the morning (area under curve, p<0.05) and increased the time elapsed between consumption of the yoghurt and the point at which hunger scores returned to baseline; 234 +/- 79 min in the test condition compared to 174 +/- 58 min in the placebo condition (p<0.05). No significant differences in appetite scores between the test and placebo yoghurt were seen for the senior-overweight subjects. No effect on energy intake was seen in the total group, in the junior-normal weight and senior-overweight subjects. In conclusion, the Olibra (R) emulsion exerted a suppressive effect on the area under the curve of appetite ratings over 3 h in normal weight women aged 18 to 30 years. The Olibra (R) emulsion did not affect subsequent energy intake in either group. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Are Low-Income, Diverse Mothers Able to Meet Breastfeeding Intentions After 2 Months of Breastfeeding?; Background: Little is known about intended breastfeeding duration of women who initiate breastfeeding. We describe the association between intended and actual breastfeeding duration among low-income, diverse mothers who report maintaining breastfeeding for the first 2 months postpartum.
Milk Fat Globule-Epidermal Growth Factor VIII Ameliorates Brain Injury in the Subacute Phase of Cerebral Ischemia in an Animal Model; Objective : Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor VIII (MFG-E8) may play a key role in inflammatory responses and has the potential to function as a neuroprotective agent for ameliorating brain injury in cerebral infarction. This study aimed to determine the role of MFG-E8 in brain injury in the subacute phase of cerebral ischemia in a rat model.
The effect on the blood lipid profile of soy foods combined with a prebiotic: a randomized controlled trial; The value of soy protein as part of the cholesterol-lowering diet has been questioned by recent studies. The apparent lack of effect may relate to the absence of dietary factors that Increase colonic fermentation and potentiate the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy Therefore, unabsorbable carbohydrates (prebiotics) were added to the diet with the aim of increasing colonic fermentation and so potentially increasing the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy Twenty-three hyperlipidemic adults (11 male, 12 female, 58 +/- 7 years old; low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C], 4 18 +/- 0 58 mmol/L) completed three 4-week diet intervention phases a low-fat dairy diet and 10 g/d prebiotic (oligofructose-enriched inulin, a fermentable carbohydrate), a soy food containing diet (30 g/d soy protein, 61 mg/d isoflavones from soy foods) and 10 g/d placebo (maltodextrin), and a soy food containing diet with 10 g/d prebiotic in a randomized controlled crossover study Intake of soy plus prebiotic resulted in greater reductions in LDL-C (-0 18 +/- 0 07 mmol/L, P = 042) and in ratio of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0 28 +/- 0 11, P = .041) compared with prebiotic In addition, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly Increased on soy plus prebiotic compared with prebiotic (0 06 +/- 0 02 mmol/L. P = 029). Differences in bifidobacteria, total anaerobes, aerobes, and breath hydrogen did not reach significance Soy foods in conjunction with a prebiotic resulted in significant improvements in the lipid profile, not seen when either prebiotic or soy alone was taken Coingestion of a prebiotic may potentiate the effectiveness of soy foods as part of the dietary strategy to lower scrum cholesterol (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved
Effects of silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation on reproductive performance, milk composition and haematological parameters in sows; Silymarin has been shown to be a multiple-functional plant extract having antioxidant, hepatoprotective, hypolipidemic, antihypertensive, antidiabetic and anti-obesity effects. In recent years, the galactagogue effects of silymarin in animals and humans have also been revealed. This research was conducted to test whether dietary inclusion of silymarin during transition and lactation could impact reproductive performance of sows and to explore the underlying mechanisms. From day 108 of gestation to weaning, sows were randomly assigned to receive dietary treatment of silymarin (40 g/day) or not and were designated as control group (CGP,n = 55) or treatment group (TGP,n = 55). The results showed that piglets' average daily gain and average weaning weight were higher in TGP than CGP sows. In comparison with the CGP sows, the TGP sows had higher serum concentrations of catalase (CAT) on day 18 of lactation and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) on day 7 of lactation. The TGP sows had lower concentration of TNF-alpha on day 7 of lactation and significantly lower concentration of IL-1 beta on day 18 of lactation than CGP sows. There was significantly higher serum concentration of PRL on day 7 of lactation in sows consuming silymarin than sows from the CGP group. On day 18 of lactation, the protein and urea contents in milk were significantly increased while the serum urea concentration was significantly decreased in TGP sows. In summary, our results indicate that silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation can increase circulating concentrations of PRL transiently, reduce oxidative stress, increase feed intake and enhance protein metabolism, thereby significantly increasing milk yield of sows and subsequently improving growth performance of their offsprings.
High maternal milk intake in the postnatal life reduces the incidence of breast cancer during adulthood in rats; Environmental factors during perinatal life can lead to changes in the mammary gland, making it susceptible to cancer in adulthood. Breastfeeding has a special importance since it takes place at a critical period of growth and development of the newborn. We aimed to analyze if an appropriate lactation protects the offspring against mammary carcinogenesis during adult life and explore the mechanisms involved in the protective effect. One-day-old Sprague-Dawley female rats were randomly distributed in litters of three (L3), eight (L8) or 12 (L12) pups per dam, to induce a differential consumption of breast milk. At 55 days of age, the animals were treated with a single dose of dimethylbenzanthracene to study tumor latency, incidence and progression. Histological, immunohistochemical and Western blot studies were performed. We observed lower incidence and higher latency in L3 compared to the other groups. The mitotic index and expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) was significantly augmented in tumors of L12 rats compared to L3 and L8, while the apoptotic index was augmented in tumors of L3 v. L12. Cleaved caspase 8 was significantly higher in tumors from L3 compared to L12. Tumors developed in L3 have a greater number of apoptotic bodies and a greater expression of caspase 8. These results demonstrate that the animals that maintained a higher intake of maternal milk (L3) presented lower incidence and greater tumor latency. Lower consumption of breast milk (L12) would increase tumor mitosis and the expression of PCNA, explaining the higher tumor incidence observed in this group.
The Effect of Canola Oil on Body Weight and Composition: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Clinical Trials; A number of clinical trials have examined the effect of canola oil (CO) on body composition in recent years; however, the results have been inconsistent. The present investigation aims to examine the effect of CO on body weight (BW) and body composition using a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials. Online databases including PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched up to February, 2018 for randomized controlled clinical trials that examined the effect of CO on anthropometric measures and body composition indexes in adults. The Cochrane Collaboration's tool was used to assess the risk of bias in individual studies. A random-effects model was used to evaluate the effect of CO consumption on several outcomes: BW, body mass index, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, android-to-gynoid ratio, and body lean and fat mass. In total, 25 studies were included in the systematic review. The meta-analysis revealed that CO consumption reduces BW [weighted mean difference (WMD)=-0.30 kg; 95% CI: -0.52, -0.08 kg, P = 0.007; n = 23 effect sizes], particularly in participants with type 2 diabetes (WMD = -0.63 kg; 95% CI: -1.09, -0.17 kg, P = 0.007), in studies with a parallel design (WMD = -0.49 kg; 95% CI: -0.85, -0.14 kg, P = 0.006), in nonfeeding trials (WMD = -0.32 kg; 95% CI: -0.55, -0.09 kg, P = 0.006), and when compared with saturated fat (WMD = -0.40 kg; 95% CI: -0.74, -0.06 kg, P = 0.019). CO consumption did not significantly affect any other anthropometric measures or body fat markers (P > 0.05). Although CO consumption results in a modest decrease in BW, no significant effect was observed on other adiposity indexes. Further well-constructed clinical trials that target BW and body composition as their primary outcomes are needed.
Food consumption patterns in an adult urban population in Beirut, Lebanon; Objectives To investigate, measure and assess the food consumption pattern of the adult population living in Beirut, Lebanon, and to identify inadequate or excessive intake of food groups particularly linked to non-communicable diseases.
Consumption of probiotic yogurt and vitamin D-fortified yogurt increases fasting level of GLP-1 in obese adults undergoing low-calorie diet: A double-blind randomized controlled trial; Energy restriction and manipulation of macronutrient composition of the diet are the main approaches that are used by people who aim to lose weight. When such strategies are employed, appetite and endocrine regulators of satiety, such as gut peptides, all are deeply affected. The gut microbiota-brain axis controls energy homeostasis in humans by affecting central satiety and gut peptides. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if the synergistic effect of probiotics and vitamin D in yogurt matrix can modulate this effect. In the double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 140 obese adults were randomly allocated into four groups: 1) regular yogurt plus low-calorie diet; 2) PY plus low-calorie diet; 3) vitamin D-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet, and 4) probiotic and vitamin D co-fortified yogurt plus low-calorie diet. All groups were encouraged to increase their physical activity. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), peptide Tyrosin-Tysrosin (PYY), ghrelin, anthropometric variables, insulin, fasting blood sugar (FBS), insulin resistance/sensitivity, 1,25(OH)(2) D-3, dietary intake, and physical activity were measured before and after 10 weeks. The difference between groups for GLP-1 after 10 weeks was significant after adjusting for baseline GLP-1 and protein intake as confounders. PY showed the largest effect size (ES) on GLP-1 (p = 14.2) and FBS (p = 14) compared with others. Pairwise comparison of yogurts effect sizes on GLP-1 showed a significant difference in group 1 vs. group 2 (p = .001), group 1 vs. group 3 (p = .003), and group 1 vs. group 4 (p = .048). Vitamin D-fortified yogurt had the largest effect size on the serum level of vitamin D and it showed a significant difference with RY (p = .018) and PY (p = .002). Consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt and PY could be regarded as a promising approach during calorie restriction.
Certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). This review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on MetS. A literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. Articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the English language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. Traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of MetS; however, these potential confounders were not always accounted for in study outcomes. Three dietary patterns emerged from the review; a Mediterranean dietary pattern, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet. Potential contributors to their beneficial effects on prevalence of MetS or reduction in MetS components included increases in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy and dairy components, calcium, vitamin D, and whey protein, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional prospective and high quality randomized controlled trial studies that investigate Mediterranean dietary pattern, the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet would cement the protective benefits of these diets against the MetS. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
<i>Impact of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum</i> Inducia on metabolic and antioxidative response in cholesterol and BMI variable indices: randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials; Probiotics may have potential in reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in middle-aged persons with borderline metabolic indices. The ability of potential probiotic Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Inducia to reduce CVD risk factors in persons with variable cholesterol and body mass indices (BMI) was assessed. In two parallel-armed double-blind placebo-controlled interventions (n=136) and (n=104), participants daily received either test yoghurt (Inducia) or placebo yoghurt. BMI, blood pressure, plasma glucose, cholesterol, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), oxidative stress and immunological markers were measured. Total counts of lactobacilli and L. plantarum Inducia were evaluated using real-time PCR. Significant reduction of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and non-high-density cholesterol occurred in both trials. The change in cholesterol (P=0.023) in persons with normal BMI and borderline cholesterol levels after four weeks of yoghurt consumption was detected. A difference was also found between placebo and test yoghurt groups (P=0.042) in LDL-c with normal BMI. Blood glucose reduction (P=0.01) and antioxidative effect was detected in overweight volunteers of the test yoghurt group. The suppression of oxidised LDL was associated with lowered oxidative stress index and total peroxide concentration values and faecal recovery of Inducia. The Inducia strain expresses antioxidative effect on blood lipids and has antiglycaemic impact that allow to apply it as dietary probiotic supplement for the management of CVD risks in humans.
Feasibility and Effectiveness of a Preventive Care Program during the Compound Humanitarian Crisis and COVID-19 Pandemic in Venezuela; Effective preventive care programs are urgently needed during humanitarian crises, as has been especially obvious during the COVID-19 pandemic. A pragmatic trial was designed: hybridized intervention (Diabetes Prevention Program [DPP] + medical nutrition therapy + liquid diet [LD]; LD group) vs. DPP only (DPP group). The participants were adults who were overweight/obese and at high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The LD consisted of a "homemade" milk- and fruit-juice-based beverage. Pandemic restrictions delayed the program by nine months, tripled the amount of time required for screening, and reduced the total sample to 60%. Eventually, 127 participants were randomized, and 94/127 participants (74.0%) completed the first phase. Participant dropout was influenced by migration, COVID-19 symptoms, education level, and socioeconomic status. In two months, the LD group lost 2.9 kg (p < 0.001) and the DPP group, 2.2 kg (p < 0.001) (between-group p = 0.170), with improvements in their cardiometabolic risk factors. At this stage, the DPP was shown to be feasible and effective, demonstrating weight loss with the improvement of cardiometabolic risk factors in a primary setting in Venezuela, a middle-income country with a chronic humanitarian crisis, during the COVID-19 pandemic.
FATTY ACID AND POSITIONAL SPECIFICITIES OF LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE; Lipoprotein lipase from hen adipose tissue was incubated with chylomicrons derived from feeding rats with cannulated thoracic ducts either olive oil, corn oil, cream or cocoa butter. The molar percentage composition of the free fatty acids produced by enzymic hydrolysis was compared to the molar percentage composition of the fatty acids in the triglyceride substrate With all 4 substrates, the results clearly indicated that lipoprotein lipase does not have a fatty acid specificity among the long chain fatty acids, satu-rated or unsaturated. Controls in which the chylomicrons were similar-ly digested with pancreatic lipase demonstrated that this conclusion is not an artifact induced by non-random structure of the chylomicron tri-glycerides. Determination of the relative amounts of free fatty acids and glycerol produced during the course of hydrolysis indicated that, in contrast to pancreatic lipase, lipoprotein lipase catalyzes the hydrolysis of all 3 bonds in the triglyceride molecule at indistinguishable rates.
Nutraceutical blends predict enhanced health via microbiota reshaping improving cytokines and life quality: a Brazilian double-blind randomized trial; Nutraceutical interventions supporting microbiota and eliciting clinical improvements in metabolic diseases have grown significantly. Chronic stress, gut dysbiosis, and metainflammation have emerged as key factors intertwined with sleep disorders, consequently exacerbating the decline in quality of life. This study aimed to assess the effects of two nutraceutical formulations containing prebiotics (fructooligosaccharides (FOS), galactooligosaccharides (GOS), yeast beta-glucans), minerals (Mg, Se, Zn), and the herbal medicine Silybum marianum L. Gaertn., Asteraceae (Milk thistle or Silymarin). These formulations, namely NSupple (without silymarin) and NSupple_Silybum (with silymarin) were tested over 180 days in overweight/obese volunteers from Brazil's southeastern region. We accessed fecal gut microbiota by partial 16S rRNA sequences; cytokines expression by CBA; anthropometrics, quality of life and sleep, as well as metabolic and hormonal parameters, at baseline (T0) and 180 days (T180) post-supplementation. Results demonstrated gut microbiota reshaping at phyla, genera, and species level post-supplementation. The Bacteroidetes phylum, Bacteroides, and Prevotella genera were positively modulated especially in the NSupple_Silybum group. Gut microbiota modulation was associated with improved sleep patterns, quality-of-life perception, cytokines expression, and anthropometric parameters post-supplementation. Our findings suggest that the nutraceutical blends positively enhance cardiometabolic and inflammatory markers. Particularly, NSupple_Silybum modulated microbiota composition, underscoring its potential significance in ameliorating metabolic dysregulation.
The effect of a natural food based tube feeding in minimizing diarrhea in critically ill neurological patients; Background & aims: Diarrhea has negative consequences for patients, health care staff and health care costs when neurological patients are fed enterally over long periods. We examined the effect of tube feeding with natural foods in reducing the number of fluid stool evacuations and diarrhea in critically ill neurological patients.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients - a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study; Background: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung fur Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension.
Cheese consumption on atherosclerosis, atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases and its complications: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study; Background and aim: Evidence from prospective cohort studies has revealed an inverse association between cheese consumption and the development of atherosclerosis (AS), atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases (ASCVD), and their complications. However, it remains unclear whether this observed association is influenced by potential confounding factors that may arise during the long-term development process of AS, ASCVD, and its complications. Therefore, to further clarify the causal relationship between cheese consumption and AS, ASCVD, and its complications, we conducted a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis to explore the causal association between cheese intake and the aforementioned health outcomes. Methods and results: We employed a two-sample MR analysis based on publicly available genomewide association studies (GWAS) to infer the causal relationship, with no overlap between their participating populations. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inversevariance-weighted method. Sensitivity analyses were conducted using Cochran's Q statistic, funnel plot, leave-one-out analysis, and MR-Egger intercept tests. The genetically predicted cheese intake was found to be associated with lower risks of coronary AS (odds ratio [OR] = 0.72, 95 % confi- dence interval [CI] 0.59-0.88, P = 0.001), peripheral vascular AS (OR = 0.56, 95 % CI 0.37-0.84, P = 0.006), other vascular AS (OR = 0.66, 95 % CI 0.44-0.99, P = 0.043), coronary artery disease (OR = 0.64, 95 % CI 0.56-0.74, P = 1.57e-09), angina pectoris (OR = 0.70, 95 % CI 0.58-0.84, P = 4.92e-05), myocardial infarction (OR = 0.63, 95 % CI 0.52-0.77, P = 3.56e-06), heart failure (OR = 0.62, 0.49-0.79, P = 1.20e-04), total ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76, 95 % CI 0.63-0.91, P = 0.003), peripheral artery disease (OR = 0.64, 95 % CI 0.43-0.95, P = 0.028), and cognitive impairment (OR = 0.65, 95 % CI 0.56-0.74, P = 3.40e-10). However, no associations were observed for cerebrovascular AS, arrhythmia, cardiac death, ischemic stroke (large artery AS), ischemic stroke (small vessel), ischemic stroke (cardioembolic), and transient ischemic attack. Conclusion: This two-sample MR analysis reveals a causally inverse association between cheese intake and multi-vascular AS (including coronary AS, peripheral vascular AS, and other vascular AS), as well as multiple types of ASCVD and its complications (such as coronary artery disease, angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, heart failure, total ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease). The findings from this study may lay a stronger theoretical foundation and present new opportunities for the dietary management of future atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese Brazilian subjects; P>Background:
Differential effects of proteins and carbohydrates on postprandial blood pressure-related responses; Diet composition may affect blood pressure (BP), but the mechanisms are unclear. The aim of the present study was to compare postprandial BP-related responses to the ingestion of pea protein, milk protein and egg-white protein. In addition, postprandial BP-related responses to the ingestion of maltodextrin were compared with those to the ingestion of sucrose and a protein mix. We hypothesised that lower postprandial total peripheral resistance (TPR) and BP levels would be accompanied by higher plasma concentrations of nitric oxide, insulin, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucagon. On separate occasions, six meals were tested in a randomised order in forty-eight overweight or obese adults with untreated elevated BP. Postprandial responses of TPR, BP and plasma concentrations of insulin, glucagon, GLP-1 and nitrite, nitroso compounds (RXNO) and S-nitrosothiols (NOx) were measured for 4 h. No differences were observed in TPR responses. Postprandial BP levels were higher after the ingestion of the egg-white-protein meal than after that of meals containing the other two proteins (P <= 0.01). The ingestion of the pea-protein meal induced the highest NOx response (P <= 0.006). Insulin and glucagon concentrations were lowest after the ingestion of the egg-white-protein meal (P <= 0.009). Postprandial BP levels were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix and sucrose meals (P <= 0.004), while postprandial insulin concentrations were higher after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the sucrose and protein mix meals after 1-2 h (P <= 0.0001). Postprandial NOx, GLP-1 and glucagon concentrations were lower after the ingestion of the maltodextrin meal than after that of the protein mix meal (P <= 0.008). In conclusion, different protein and carbohydrate sources induce different postprandial BP-related responses, which may be important for BP management. Lower postprandial BP levels are not necessarily accompanied by higher NOx, insulin, glucagon or GLP-1 responses.
Increased plasma PYY levels following supplementation with the functional fiber PolyGlycopleX in healthy adults; Background/Objectives: A variety of dietary fibers have been shown to alter satiety hormone gene expression and secretion. The objective of this study was to examine plasma satiety hormone concentrations in healthy subjects consuming either PolyGlycopleX (PGX) or control (skim milk powder) for 21 days.
Increasing Dietary Carbohydrate as Part of a Healthy Whole Food Diet Intervention Dampens Eight Week Changes in Salivary Cortisol and Cortisol Responsiveness; It is largely unknown whether and how whole food diets influence psychological stress and stress system responsiveness. To better understand the effects of whole diets on stress system responsiveness, we examined randomized control trial effects of a whole food diet based on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) on cortisol responsiveness. A randomized, double-blind, controlled 8-week intervention was conducted in overweight and obese women to examine differentiated effects between two diet intervention groups: one based on the 2010 DGA and the other one based on a typical American diet (TAD). During a test week that occurred at baseline and again after 8 weeks of the intervention, we assessed salivary cortisol collected at 14 selected times across the day, including upon awakening, at bedtime, and during a test visit, and administered a standardized social stress task (Trier Social Stress Test, TSST). There were no statistical differences between the diet groups in salivary cortisol at baseline or after 8 weeks. However, when considering differences in dietary carbohydrate, but not fat or protein, from the pre-intervention (habitual) to the intervention period, there was a significant (P = 0.0001) interaction between diet group, intervention week, saliva sample, and level of intervention-based change in carbohydrate consumption. This interaction was reflected primarily by an 8-week reduction in salivary cortisol during a period just prior to (log Delta -0.35 +/- 0.12 nmol/L) and 30 (log Delta -0.49 +/- 0.12 nmol/L), 60 (log Delta -0.50 +/- 0.13 nmol/L), 90 (log Delta -0.51 +/- 0.13 nmol/L), and 120 (log Delta -0.4476 +/- 0.1231 nmol/L) min after the TSST in the DGA group having the highest increase (90th percentile) in carbohydrate consumption. In support of this finding, we also found significant (P < 0.05) and inverse linear associations between dietary carbohydrate and log salivary cortisol, with the strongest negative association (beta: -0.004 +/- 0.0015, P = 0.009) occurring at 30 min post-TSST, but only in the DGA group and at week 9 of the intervention. Together, increasing dietary carbohydrate as part of a DGA-based diet may reduce circulating cortisol and dampen psychological stress-related cortisol responsiveness.
Prediction of survival for patients with bullous pemphigoid -: A prospective study; Objective: To identify the prognostic factors of bullous pemphigoid (BP).
Food selection and eating behaviour during weight maintenance intervention and 2-y follow-up in obese men; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess long-term changes in food consumption and eating behaviour during and 2 y after dietary counselling in weight-reduced obese men.
Nutritional status and dietary intake of urban residents in Gondar, Northwest Ethiopia; Background: There is paucity of data on the dietary intake and nutritional status of urban Ethiopians which necessitates comprehensive nutritional assessments. Therefore, the present study was aimed at evaluating the dietary intake and nutritional status of urban residents in Northwest Ethiopia.
DUODENAL RAPESEED OIL INFUSION IN EARLY AND MIDLACTATION COWS .4. INVIVO AND INVITRO ADIPOSE-TISSUE LIPOLYTIC RESPONSES; In vitro glycerol and FFA releases from adipose tissue were studied in early (wk 3, trial 1) and midlactation (wk 19 to 26, trial 2) multiparous Holstein Friesian cows receiving a duodenal rapeseed oil infusion (1.0 to 1.1 kg/d).  In trial 2, in vitro basal FFA release, basal FFA:  glycerol ratio, and isoproterenol-stimulated FFA and glycerol releases were higher in perirenal adipose tissue from oil-infused cows.  Plasma FFA concentration also was higher in oil-infused cows before and after intravenous isoproterenol injection.  In trial 1, basal and stimulated glycerol and FFA releases from perirenal (but not subcutaneous) adipose tissue tended to be lower in oil-infused cows.  This was probably linked to a lower milk production potential of oil-infused than of control cows which introduced a bias in energy balance.  The basal FFA:glycerol ratio tended to be higher in oil-infused cows in both adipose tissues, suggesting a lower rate of reesterification inducted by oil, as was the case in trial 2.  The alpha-2-agonist clonidine decreased perirenal adipose tissue glycerol release in cows and treatments in which the responses to 4 x 10(-7) M isoproterenol were higher.  In vivo and in vitro lipolytic responses were lower in trial 2 than in trial 1, except the in vitro maximally stimulated lipolytic rate, which probably reflected a long lasting teleophoretic adaptation to ensure energy needs of lactation.  This study indicated that oil infusion affected both beta- and alpha-2-adrenergic responses and that postpartum lipid mobilization did not seem to be reduced by the exogenous unsaturated fatty acid supply.
Bovine hepatic and adipose retinol-binding protein gene expression and relationship with tumor necrosis factor-α; Retinol-binding protein (RBP) is the main transport system for retinol in circulation, is a relatively small protein with one binding site for retinol in the all-trans form, and is bound to transthyretin. The objectives of this study were to characterize the temporal pattern of bovine hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period and to determine if a relationship exists between the expression of RBP and that of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)-alpha in dairy cows. In experiment 1, we assessed hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period. Liver tissues were sampled from periparturient dairy cows (n = 9) at 21, 4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition and frozen in liquid N-2. Total RNA was extracted from each tissue sample and cDNA was generated. Gene expressions of RBP and beta-actin (as a housekeeping gene) were measured as relative quantity using reverse transcription-PCR. Data were analyzed using cycle threshold values, adjusted to (beta-actin, and significance was determined at P < 0.05. Serum samples (-21, -4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition) were analyzed for retinol concentration using a standard HPLC-based method. Cows had variable expression of hepatic RBP and serum retinol over the transition period, with a decline near parturition and a rebound toward prepartum levels later in lactation. In experiment 2, liver and visceral (intestinal) adipose tissues were sampled from dairy cows (n = 28) at slaughter. Expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was detected in all samples and variations among cows were highly significant for both genes. Across tissues, expression of RBP was positively correlated with that of TNF-alpha (r = 0.60). Within adipose tissue, expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was weakly correlated (r = 0.23), whereas in hepatic tissue, expression was strongly correlated (r = 0.62). In experiment 3, late-lactation dairy Holstein cows were blocked by parity and feed intake, and randomly assigned to control, recombinant bovine (rb)TNF challenge, or pair-fed control treatment (n = 5/treatment). Cows were injected with either rbTNF (subcutaneous injection of 2 mu g/kg of body weight in saline) or sterile saline (control and pair-fed control animals) once daily for 7 d. Liver biopsy was performed on d 7 and samples were processed for expression of RBP and TNF-alpha. Although TNF challenge caused an upregulation of hepatic TNF-alpha expression, as expected, it did not alter hepatic RBP expression. Overall, the temporal pattern of hepatic RBP gene expression during the periparturient period followed, to a great extent, that of plasma retinol. Although a strong positive correlation was previously detected between bovine hepatic RBP and TNF-alpha transcripts, rbTNF challenge did not cause alter RBP expression. These observations collectively imply that regulation of RBP at the transcription level is influenced by physiological state but may be independent from that of transthyretin, which is altered by proinflammatory stimuli (such as TNF-alpha) via induction of transcription factor nuclear factor-interleukin 6.
Impact of food nutrition intervention on food handlers' knowledge and competitive food serving: a randomized controlled trial; The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of Food Nutrition Intervention (FNI) for improving food handlers' knowledge and serving of competitive food in the primary school canteens. We randomized 16 out of 98 primary schools into intervention and control groups using a multistage sampling method. The training programme for the intervention group and questionnaires for evaluating knowledge were developed. On-site observations were done to document all competitive foods served in school canteens. Out of the 79 food handlers who participated in this study, 33 (41.8%) were in the intervention group and 46 (58.2%) were in the control group. The majority of food handlers were female, Malay, had education at middle levels, and at middle-aged. The commonest food category served was carbohydrate (75%), high-fat foods (34.4%) and food not recommended for sale (34.4%). Knowledge about healthy food choice in the intervention group at 6 weeks and 12 weeks post intervention were significantly higher than at baseline. The intervention group also demonstrated significantly better knowledge composite score at 6 weeks and 12 weeks following intervention. These improvements were also observed between intervention and control regardless of time. By six weeks, the number of vegetable menu served significantly increased in the intervention (p=0.040) and by 12 weeks, the number of milk and milk products served also significantly increased (p=0.015) as compared to the control group. Thus, the provision of FNI was associated with significantly improved healthy food knowledge amongst food handlers, the serving of vegetables and milk or milk products in school canteens. (c) All Rights Reserved
Effect of Sugar versus Mixed Breakfast on Metabolic and Neurofunctional Responses in Healthy Individuals; We investigated the effects of glucose and diverse breakfasts on glucose increment and ghrelin suppression and cognitive processing of sensory information assessed by frontal P300 evoked potentials. In a randomized crossover design, 12 healthy individuals (6M/6F; BMI 22.2 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2); 27 +/- 1.3 years, mean +/- SEM) underwent 50 g OGTT (A) and 3 breakfasts (B1: milk and cereals; B2: milk, apple, and chocolate cream-filled sponge cake; B3: milk, apple, bread, and hazelnut chocolate cream) to assess plasma glucose-, insulin-, and ghrelin excursions. An electroencephalography was performed before and 100 min after consumption of each load to measure the latency of frontal P300 evoked potentials as index of cognitive performance. Breakfasts B1 and B2 exhibited significantly lower glycemic and insulinemic responses as compared to A. Breakfast B3 exhibited significantly lower glycemic, but not insulinemic response, as compared to A. Final plasma ghrelin inhibition was more pronounced, albeit not significantly, in all breakfasts with respect to A. P300 latency tended to decrease following each of the three breakfasts, but B3 was the only breakfast capable to elicit a statistically significant reduction in P300 latency with respect to A (p < 0.01), suggesting ameliorated cognitive performance. Such amelioration was correlated with the 2-hour final inhibition of plasma ghrelin concentration (r = 0.61, p = 0.01).
EFFECT OF PROTEIN SOURCE DURING WEIGHT LOSS ON BODY COMPOSITION, CARDIOMETABOLIC RISK AND PHYSICAL PERFORMANCE IN ABDOMINALLY OBESE, OLDER ADULTS: A PILOT FEEDING STUDY; Objectives: The purpose of this pilot study was to begin to examine the effect of dietary protein source ( soy protein versus non-soy protein) during weight loss on body composition, and cardiometabolic and functional decline risk factors in older, abdominally obese adults. Design: Two-arm, single-blind, randomized, controlled trial. Setting: Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem NC 27157, USA. Participants: 25 older ( 68.4+/-5.5 years, 88% female), abdominally obese ( BMI: 35.1+/-4.3 kg/m(2); WC: 101.4+/-13.1 cm) men and women were randomized to participate in the study. Intervention: A 12-week weight loss intervention, with participants randomized to consume soy protein-based meal replacements ( S; n=12) or non-soy protein-based meal replacements ( NS; n=12), in addition to prepared meals, and all participants targeted to receive an individualized caloric deficit of 500 kcal/day. Measurements: Body weight and composition ( assessed via DXA and CT), conventional biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk, and physical performance measures were assessed pre- and post-intervention. Additional endpoints of feasibility ( accrual, participation, retention, compliance, and safety) are reported. Results: A total of 24 participants ( 87% female) completed the study ( 96% retention) and lost an average of 7.8+/-3.0 kg over the 12-week period, with no difference seen between groups ( p=0.83). Although nearly all measures of global and regional body composition were significantly reduced following the 12-week intervention, differences were not observed between groups. Among cardiometabolic risk factors and physical performance measures, only diastolic blood pressure was significantly lower in the NS group compared to the S group ( 66.7+/-2.7 mmHg vs 73.5+/-2.7 mmHg, respectively; p=0.04). Interestingly, in groups combined, despite significant reductions in body weight and lean mass, no significant changes in 400-meter walk time (+5.3+/-43.4 s), short physical performance battery score (+0.1+/-1.0), grip strength (-0.3+/-3.2 kg), or relative knee extensor strength (-0.0+/-0.0 N/m/cm(3) thigh muscle volume) were observed. Conclusions: Data presented here suggest that a 12-week weight loss intervention, which incorporates S and NS meal replacement products, is associated with clinically significant weight loss and improvements in several parameters of cardiometabolic risk and unchanged physical function and strength. Results do not differ by protein source and suggest that soy protein is at least as good as other protein sources for weight loss during low-calorie dietary interventions in older adults.
VOLATILE PROFILE AND CONSUMER ACCEPTABILITY OF NATURAL YOGHURTS ELABORATED WITH CHILEAN NATIVE CULTURES OF ENTEROCOCCUS SP. STRAIN BB3 AND LACTOBACILLUS SP. STRAIN BB6; According to WHO, in 2016 around 13% of the world's adult population (11% of men and 15% of women) were obese. The global prevalence of obesity almost tripled between 1975 and 2016. In this context, it is important to note that the continuous increase in life expectancy, the desire for a better quality of life, and the high cost of medical care have led to a growing demand for functional foods in the market. People have started to realize that their food choices and their unhealthy lifestyles have consequences for their health. An important role in this scenario is associated with functional foods containing probiotic strains, reported to benefit human health. Here we report the development of natural yogurts based on native probiotic starter cultures of Enterococcus sp. strain BB3 (MK681869) and Lactobacillus sp. strain BB6 (MK681868), isolated from raw cow milk of La Araucania region of Chile. The odor and taste were the main parameters criticized by the consumer, the analysis of CG-MS elucidated that the yogurt produced by the strain Enterococcus sp. strain BB3 (MK681869) produced a higher amount of heptan-2-one, associated with a cheesy type odor, with less acceptance by the consumers. The acceptability of 6 types of yogurt was evaluated with a randomized analysis of 60 participants. The development of a functional dairy product based on probiotics is of interest because of its relation with positive changes in gut microbiota, and at the same time with a possible decrease in body weight.
Plant Protein Can Be as Efficient as Milk Protein to Maintain Fat Free Mass in Old Rats, Even When Fat and Sugar Intakes Are High; Background: Alternative, sustainable, and adequate sources of protein must be found to meet global demand. Objectives: Our aim was to assess the effect of a plant protein blend with a good balance of indispensable amino acids and high contents of leucine, arginine, and cysteine on the maintenance of muscle protein mass and function during aging in comparison to milk proteins and to determine if this effect varied according to the quality of the background diet. Methods: Old male Wistar rats (n 1/4 96, 18 mo old) were randomly allocated for 4 mo to 1 of 4 diets, differing according to protein source (milk or plant protein blend) and energy content (standard, 3.6 kcal/g, with starch, or high, 4.9 kcal/g, with saturated fat and sucrose). We measured: every 2 mo, body composition and plasma biochemistry; before and after 4 mo, muscle functionality; after 4 mo, in vivo muscle protein synthesis (flooding dose of L-[1 -13C]-valine) and muscle, liver, and heart weights. Two-factor ANOVA and repeated measures 2-fac-tor ANOVA were conducted. Results: There was no difference between protein type on the maintenance during aging of lean body mass, muscle mass, and muscle functionality. The high-energy diet significantly increased body fat (+47%) and heart weight (+8%) compared to the standard energy diet but had no effect on fasting plasma glucose and insulin. Muscle protein synthesis was significantly stimulated by feeding to the same extent in all groups (+13%). Conclusions: Since high-energy diets had little impact on insulin sensitivity and related metabolism, we could not test the hypothesis that in situations of higher insulin resistance, our plant protein blend may be better than milk protein. However, this rat study offers significant proof of concept from the nutritional standpoint that appropriately blended plant proteins can have high nutritional value even in demanding situations such as aging protein metabolism.
The Prevalence of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and its Association with Lifestyle/dietary Habits among University Faculty and Staff in Chengdu; Objective To investigate the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in different university categories and its association with lifestyle/dietary habits.
Effects of Whey Protein Supplementation on Aortic Stiffness, Cerebral Blood Flow, and Cognitive Function in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Findings from the ANCHORS A-WHEY Clinical Trial; ANCHORS A-WHEY was a 12-week randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to examine the effect of whey protein on large artery stiffness, cerebrovascular responses to cognitive activity and cognitive function in older adults. Methods: 99 older adults (mean +/- SD; age 67 +/- 6 years, BMI 27.2 +/- 4.7kg/m(2), 45% female) were randomly assigned to 50g/daily of whey protein isolate (WPI) or an iso-caloric carbohydrate (CHO) control for 12 weeks (NCT01956994). Aortic stiffness was determined as carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV). Aortic hemodynamic load was assessed as the product of aortic systolic blood pressure and heart rate (Ao SBP x HR). Cerebrovascular response to cognitive activity was assessed as change in middle-cerebral artery (MCA) blood velocity pulsatility index (PI) during a cognitive perturbation (Stroop task). Cognitive function was assessed using a computerized neurocognitive battery. Results: cfPWV increased slightly in CHO and significantly decreased in WPI (p < 0.05). Ao SBP x HR was unaltered in CHO but decreased significantly in WPI (p < 0.05). Although emotion recognition selectively improved with WPI (p < 0.05), WPI had no effect on other domains of cognitive function or MCA PI response to cognitive activity (p > 0.05 for all). Conclusions: Compared to CHO, WPI supplementation results in favorable reductions in aortic stiffness and aortic hemodynamic load with limited effects on cognitive function and cerebrovascular function in community-dwelling older adults.
Factors associated with breastfeeding at six months postpartum in a group of Australian women; Background: Despite high levels of breastfeeding initiation in Australia, only 47 percent of women are breastfeeding (exclusively or partially) six months later, with marked differences between social groups. It is important to identify women who are at increased risk of early cessation of breastfeeding.
A comparison study on the prevalence of obesity and its associated factors among city, township and rural area adults in China; Objectives: To explore the association of dietary behaviour factors on obesity among city, township and rural area adults.
Diet starch concentration and starch fermentability affect markers of inflammatory response and oxidant status in dairy cows during the early postpartum period; Our objective was to evaluate the effects of diet starch concentration and starch fermentability on inflammatory response markers and oxidant status during the early postpartum (PP) period and its carryover effects. Fifty-two multiparous Holstein cows were used in a completely randomized block design experiment with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Treatments were starch concentration and starch fermentability of diets; diets were formulated to 22% (low starch, LS) or 28% (high starch, HS) starch with dry-ground corn (DGC) or high-moisture corn (HMC) as the primary starch source. Treatments were fed from 1 to 23 d PP and then switched to a common diet until 72 d PP to measure carryover (CO) effects. Treatment period (TP) diets were formulated to 22% forage neutral detergent fiber and 17% crude protein. The diet for the CO period was formulated to 20% forage neutral detergent fiber, 17% crude protein, and 29% starch. Coccygeal blood was collected once a week during the TP and every second week during the CO period. Liver and adipose tissue biopsies were performed within 2 d PP and at 20 +/- 3 d PP. Blood plasma was analyzed for concentrations of albumin, haptoglobin, reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (RONS), and antioxidant potential (AOP), with lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP) and TNF alpha evaluated during the TP only. Oxidative stress index (OSi) was calculated as RONS/AOP. Abundance of mRNA from genes involved in inflammation and glucose metabolism in liver and genes involved in lipogenesis in adipose tissue were deter- mined. Data were analyzed separately for the TP and CO periods. During the TP, treatments interacted to affect concentrations of TNF alpha, haptoglobin, and LBP, with HMC increasing their concentrations for HS (9.38 vs. 7.45 pg/mL, 0.45 vs. 0.37 mg/mL, and 5.94 vs. 4.48 mu g/mL, respectively) and decreasing their concentrations for LS (4.76 vs. 12.9 pg/mL, 0.27 vs. 0.41 mg/ mL, and 4.30 vs. 5.87 mu g/mL, respectively) compared with DGC. Effects of treatments diminished over time for LBP and haptoglobin with no differences by the end of the TP and no main CO effects of treatment for haptoglobin. The opposite treatment interaction was observed for albumin, with HMC tending to decrease its concentration for HS (3.24 vs. 3.34 g/dL) and increase its concentration for LS (3.35 vs. 3.29 g/dL) compared with DGC, with no carryover effect. Feeding DGC increased the OSi during the first week of the TP compared with HMC, with this effect diminishing over time; during the CO period HMC increased OSi for HS and decreased it for LS compared with DGC, with this effect diminishing toward the end of CO. Feeding HMC increased the abundance of genes associated with inflammation and gluconeogenesis in liver for HS and decreased it for LS compared with DGC. Feeding HS increased the mRNA abundance of genes associated with adipose tissue lipogenesis compared with LS. Results during the TP suggest that feeding LS-DGC and HS-HMC elicited a more pronounced inflammatory response and induced an upregulation of genes associated with inflammation and gluconeogenesis in liver, without effects on OSi, but effects on plasma markers of inflammation diminished during the CO period.
Early Influences of Nutrition on Postnatal Growth; Health and nutrition modulate postnatal growth. The availability of amino acids and energy, and insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) regulates early growth through the mTOR pathway. Amino acids and glucose also stimulate the secretion of IGF-I and insulin. Postnatal growth induces lasting, programming effects on later body size and adiposity in animals and in human observational studies. Rapid weight gain in infancy and the first 2 years was shown to predict increased obesity risk in childhood and adulthood. Breastfeeding leads to lesser high weight gain in infancy and reduces obesity risk in later life by about 20%, presumably partly due to the lower protein supply with human milk than conventional infant formula. In a large randomized clinical trial, we tested the hypothesis that reduced infant formula protein contents lower insulin-releasing amino acid concentrations and thereby decrease circulating insulin and IGF-I levels, resulting in lesser early weight gain and reduced later obesity risk (the 'Early Protein Hypothesis'). The results demonstrate that lowered protein in infant formula induces similar - but not equal - metabolic and endocrine responses and normalizes weight and BMI relative to breastfed controls at the age of 2 years. The results available should lead to enhanced efforts to actively promote, protect and support breastfeeding. For infants that are not breastfed or not fully breastfed, the use of infant formulas with lower protein contents but high protein quality appears preferable. Cows' milk as a drink provides high protein intake and should be avoided in infancy. Copyright (c) 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel
Experiences regarding nutrition and exercise among women during early postpartum: a qualitative grounded theory study; Background Excess gestational weight gain has long- and short-term implications for women and children, and postpartum weight retention is associated with an increased risk of long-term obesity. Despite the existence of dietary and exercise guidelines, many women struggle to return to pre-pregnancy weight. Experiences of women in tackling postpartum weight loss are poorly understood. We undertook this study to explore experiences related to nutrition, exercise and weight in the postpartum in women in Ontario, Canada. Methods This was a nested qualitative study within The Be Healthy in Pregnancy Study, a randomized controlled trial. Women randomized to the control group were invited to participate. Semi-structured focus groups were conducted at 4-6 months postpartum. Focus groups were audio recorded, transcribed verbatim, coded and analyzed thematically using a constructivist grounded theory approach. Results Women experienced a complex relationship with their body image, due to unrealistic expectations related to their postpartum body. Participants identified barriers and enablers to healthy habits during pregnancy and postpartum. Gestational weight gain guidelines were regarded as unhelpful and unrealistic. A lack of guidance and information about weight management, healthy eating, and exercise in the postpartum period was highlighted. Conclusion Strategies for weight management that target the unique characteristics of the postpartum period have been neglected in research and in patient counselling. Postpartum women may begin preparing for their next pregnancy and support during this period could improve their health for subsequent pregnancies.
Emulsifying dietary fat modulates postprandial endotoxemia associated with chylomicronemia in obese men: a pilot randomized crossover study; Background: Postprandial hyperlipemia is recognized as a major cardio-metabolic risk factor, recently linked to the co-absorption of pro-inflammatory lipopolysaccharides with dietary lipids. This causes endotoxemia that is involved in the pathophysiology of obesity and insulin resistance, but to date the impact of food formulation is unknown. We tested a novel concept that endotoxin absorption can be modulated by fat emulsified structure in the meal, and potentially differently in obese vs. lean men.
Effects of<i> Anethum</i><i> graveolens</i> (dill) and its derivatives on controlling cardiovascular risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Previous studies have demonstrated that the supplementation of Anethum graveolens (dill) could affect the metabolic indices. Thus, the present study summarizes all of the published clinical studies which evaluate the efficacy of dill administration on cardiovascular risk factors. Methods: The clinical trials were found using Scopus, Embase, PubMed and ISI Web of Science databases; these were searched to infinity until August 2020. Mean differences (MD) were pooled using a random-effects model. Publication bias, sensitivity analysis, and heterogeneity were assessed using standard methods. Results: Results demonstrated that the administration of dill and its derivatives, led to a significant change in the fasting insulin (WMD: -2.34 mg/dl; 95% CI: -3.70, -0.99; P = 0.001), HOMA-IR (WMD: -1.07; 95% CI: -1.96, -0.17; P = 0.019), and LDL serum levels (WMD: -9.36 mg/dl; 95% CI: -14.45, -4.27; P < 0.001), unlike fasting blood sugar (P = 0.501), weight (P = 0.650), body mass index (P = 0.846), HDL (P = 0.813), TG (P = 0.385) or TC concentration (P = 0.075). Subgroup analysis indicated that dill administration significantly reduce LDL levels in eight and more than eight weeks of intervention, in dill extract intervention versus powder form, and in cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus versus hyperlipidemia or metabolic syndrome patients. Another subgroup analysis revealed that dill supplementation significantly decreased TG concentrations in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight rather than obese individuals. In the same results, a subgroup analysis showed that dill administration significantly decreased TC levels in > 8 weeks of treatment in overweight individuals but not in other populations. Conclusion: Dill administration significantly reduces fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and LDL levels.
Fad Diets: Dietary Dilemmas, Predicaments, and Recommendations for its Use; The health issues, mainly overweight and obesity are the growing concerns nowadays due to the associated factors and lifestyle changes which significantly have increased the individual's health care expenditures. Fad diets are promoted as the easiest and simplest way of shedding the extra weight despite the availability of several treatments available. The prevention and treatment measures, including modification in lifestyle, dietary pattern, and physical activity, are the foundation of weight loss. However, the standard treatment measures are not effective for certain populations as they require long time adherence, which leads to the search for other approaches like fad diet. We steered a comprehensive literature review to present the facts related to fad diets to their efficacy and sustainability. Although fad diets have yielded tremendous positive results in weight loss and cardiovascular risk prevention, the studies reported death in long-term interventions and the results and some of them show side effects too. Randomized controlled trials have significantly reported weight loss in comparison with the popular fad diets; however, persisting on the same diet has also reported kidney problems, ketosis, and other metabolic related problems. The conclusion of this critical review reported that gradual weight loss could be attained by the combination of lifestyle modifications, physical activity, and recommended dietary approaches.
Plasma mineral and energy metabolite concentrations in dairy cows fed an anionic prepartum diet that did or did not have retained fetal membranes after parturition; Objective-To compare plasma total calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta hydroxy butyrate (BHB), and glucose concentrations in parturient dairy cows that were fed an anionic prepartum diet between those with and without retained fetal membranes (RFM) at 24 hours after parturition.
Consumption of Enriched Yogurt with PAF Inhibitors from Olive Pomace Affects the Major Enzymes of PAF Metabolism: A Randomized, Double Blind, Three Arm Trial; Platelet-activating factor (PAF), a proinflammatory lipid mediator, plays a crucial role in the formation of the atherosclerotic plaque. Therefore, the inhibition of endothelium inflammation by nutraceuticals, such as PAF inhibitors, is a promising alternative for preventing cardiovascular diseases. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact of a new functional yogurt enriched with PAF inhibitors of natural origin from olive oil by-products on PAF metabolism. Ninety-two apparently healthy, but mainly overweight volunteers (35-65 years) were randomly allocated into three groups by block-randomization. The activities of PAF's biosynthetic and catabolic enzymes were measured, specifically two isoforms of acetyl-CoA:lyso-PAF acetyltransferase (LPCATs), cytidine 5 '-diphospho-choline:1-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycerol cholinephosphotransferase (PAF-CPT) and two isoforms of platelet activating factor acetylhydrolase in leucocytes (PAF-AH) and plasma (lipoprotein associated phospholipase-A(2), LpPLA(2)). The intake of the enriched yogurt resulted in reduced PAF-CPT and LpPLA(2) activities. No difference was observed in the activities of the two isoforms of lyso PAF-AT. In conclusion, intake of yogurt enriched in PAF inhibitors could favorably modulate PAF biosynthetic and catabolic pathways.
Community Walks: a cluster randomized controlled trial of a multilevel physical activity intervention for low income public housing residents; Background Physical activity behavioral interventions to change individual-level drivers of activity, like motivation, attitudes, and self-efficacy, are often not sustained beyond the intervention period. Interventions at both environmental and individual levels might facilitate durable change. This community-based study seeks to test a multilevel, multicomponent intervention to increase moderate intensity physical activity among people with low incomes living in U.S. public housing developments, over a 2 year period.
Maternal High-Fat Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation Influences Obestatin and Ghrelin Concentrations in Milk and Plasma of Wistar Rat Dams and Their Offspring; The study aims to establish the effect of a maternal high-fat diet on obestatin concentration, total ghrelin, and ghrelin/obestatin ratio during pregnancy and lactation of Wistar rats and their offspring in the first 21 days of life. On the mating day, females were randomly allocated and fed either a high-fat diet (30% of fat; HF) or breeding diet (5% fat; BD) till the 21st day of lactation. Hormones were analyzed in the blood plasma and milk of rat dams as well as in the blood plasma of their offspring. HF resulted in a significant decrease in obestatin level on the 14th day of lactation and elevation on the 21st day. Plasma obestatin in HFD offspring was significantly higher than in BD ones. HF diet did not significantly affect dam plasma ghrelin until the 21st day of lactation. The ghrelin concentrations in milk after both diets were significantly lower than in blood plasma. Milk ghrelin in HF dams was significantly higher than in the BD ones. Plasma ghrelin from HF offspring was significantly higher than that from BD dams. Our results demonstrate that a maternal HF diet during pregnancy and lactation influences ghrelin and obestatin level in both dams and their offspring.
Effects of a breakfast yoghurt, with additional total whey protein or caseinomacropeptide-depleted α-lactalbumin-enriched whey protein, on diet-induced thermogenesis and appetite suppression; Previous studies have shown effects of high-protein diets, especially whey protein, on energy expenditure and satiety, yet a possible distinction between the effects of whey or alpha-lactalbumin has bot been made. The present study assessed the effects of the addition of total whey protein (whey) or caseinomacropeptide-depleted alpha-lactalbumin-enriched whey protein (alpha-lac) to a breakfast yogurt drink on energy expenditure and appetite suppression in human subjects. A total of eighteen females and seventeen males (aged 20.9 (SD 1.9) years: BMI 23.0 (SD 2.1) kg/m(2)) participated in an experiment with a randomised, three-arm, cross-over design where diet-induced energy expenditure, respiratory quotient and satiety were measured. Breakfasts were isoenergetic and subject-specific: a normal-protein (NP) breakfast consisting of whole milk (15, 47 and 38 % energy from protein, carbohydrate and fat, respectively), a high-protein (HP) breakfast with additional whey or a HP breakfast containing alpha-lac (41, 47 and 12 % energy from protein, carbohydrate and fat, respectively). Resting energy expenditure did not differ between the three conditions. HP breakfasts (area under the curve: whey, 217.1 (SE 10.0) kJ x 4 h; alpha-lac, 234.3 (SE 11.6) kJ x 4 h; P<0.05) increased diet-induced thermogenesis more compared with a NP yoghurt at breakfast (179.7 (SE 10.9) kJ x 4 h; P<0.05). Hunger and desire to eat were significantly more suppressed after alpha-lac (hunger, -6627 (SE 823); desire to eat, -6750 (SE 805) mm visual analogue scale (VAS) x 4 h; P<0.05) than after the whey HP breakfast (hunger, -5448 (SE 913); desire to eat, -5070 (SE 873) mm VAS x 4 h; P<0.05). After the HP breakfasts, a positive protein balance occurred (alpha-lac, 0.35 (SD 0.18) MJ/4 h; whey, 0.37 (SD 0.20) MJ/4 h; P<0.001); after the NP breakfast a positive fat balance occurred (1.03 (SD 0.29) MJ/4 h; P<0.001). In conclusion, consumption of a breakfast yoghurt drink with added whey or alpha-lac increased energy expenditure, protein balance and decreased fat balance compared with a NP breakfast. The alpha-lac-enriched yoghurt drink suppressed hunger and the desire to eat more than the whey-enriched yoghurt drink.
Nuts: Natural Pleiotropic Nutraceuticals; Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy-dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, high-quality protein, fiber, non-sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all-cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy-dense foods, they do not predispose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PREDIMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by approximate to 30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut-supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health outcomes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
Impact of an educational intervention using e-mail on diet quality; Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of a worksite nutritional intervention on the dietary quality of adult workers from the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Inflammation- and lipid metabolism-related gene network expression in visceral and subcutaneous adipose depots of Holstein cows; This experiment was conducted to determine the effects of energy overfeeding on gene expression in mesenteric (MAT), omental (OAT), and subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissue (AT) from nonpregnant and nonlactating Holstein cows. Eighteen cows were randomly assigned to either a controlled energy [LE, net energy for lactation (NEL) = 1.35 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM)] or moderate energy-overfed group (HE, NEL = 1.62 Mcal/kg of DM) for 8 wk. Cows were then euthanized and subsamples of MAT, OAT, and SAT were harvested for transcript profiling via quantitative PCR of 34 genes involved in lipogenesis, triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis, lactate signaling, hepatokine signaling, lipolysis, transcription regulation, and inflammation. The interaction of dietary energy and adipose depot was not significant for any gene analyzed except LPL, which indicated a consistent response to diet. Expression of ACACA and FASN was greater in SAT than MAT, whereas expression of SCD and ADFP were greatest in SAT, intermediate in OAT, and lowest in MAT. However, the 2 visceral depots had greater expression of THRSP, ACLY, LPL, FABP4, GPAM; and LPIN1 compared with SAT. The transcription factor SREBF1 was more highly expressed in MAT and SAT than in OAT. The expression of PNPLA2 was greater in visceral AT sites than in SAT, but other lipolysis-related genes were not differentially expressed among AT depots. Visceral AT depots had greater expression of LEP, ADIPOQ, and SAA3 compared with SAT. Moreover, MAT had greater expression than SAT of proinflammatory cytokines (ILIB and IL6), IL6 receptor (IL6R), and chemokines (CCL2 and CCL5). However, TNF expression was greatest in SAT, lowest in OAT, and intermediate in MAT. Overall, results indicated that visceral AT might be more active in uptake of preformed long-chain fatty acids than SAT, whereas de novo fatty acid synthesis could make a greater contribution to the intracellular pool of fatty acids in SAT than in visceral AT. The visceral AT compared with SAT seem to have a greater capacity for expression (and potentially for secretion) of proinflammatory cytokines; thus, excessive accumulation of visceral lipid due to a long-term overfeeding energy may be detrimental to liver function and overall health of dairy cows, particularly during the transition period.
Diet induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation and food intake following sequential meals: Influence of calcium and vitamin D; Background & aims: The mechanisms linking dietary calcium and vitamin D to body weight regulation require confirmation.
The addition of mycoprotein to a mixed-meal impacts postprandial glucose kinetics without altering blood glucose concentrations: a randomised controlled trial; Background: Mycoprotein is a high-fibre food previously shown to reduce postprandial glucose concentrations when ingested within a mixed-meal. We applied a dual stable isotope tracer approach to determine whether this is due to a reduced rate of appearance of glucose, in participants of ranging BMI. Methods: Twenty-four adults (F = 8, BMI 30 +/- 6 kg<middle dot>m-2) attended 2 trials in a double-blind, randomised, cross-over design. Participants ingested two energy and macronutrient matched milk-based drinks (enriched with 1000 mg [U-13C6] glucose in a subset of 12 participants), containing 50 g glucose and either 0 (CON) or 20 g (MYC) mycoprotein. A primed continuous intravenous infusion of D-[6,6-2H2] glucose determined plasma glucose kinetics over 6 h. Postprandial time-course, and AUC, of glucose and insulin concentration, rate of disappearance (RdT) and appearance of exogenous (RaEx), endogenous (EGP), and total (RaT) plasma glucose were assessed using two- and one-way ANOVA. Results: Drink ingestion increased blood glucose and serum insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) and were comparable between conditions (P > 0.05). Both RaT and RdT were higher with MYC compared with CON over 6 h (mean 6 h glucose appearance and disappearance increased by 5 and 9%, respectively, P < 0.05). RaEx was not affected by MYC ingestion over 6 h (P > 0.05). The mean contribution of EGP to total glucose appearance was 15% greater with MYC, with a trend towards significance (P = 0.05). There was no relationship between BMI and the response to MYC ingestion for any of the variables (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The ingestion of mycoprotein within a mixed-meal impacted postprandial glucose kinetics, but not blood glucose or serum insulin concentrations, in individuals of ranging BMI.
Conjugated linoleic acid improves blood pressure by increasing adiponectin and endothelial nitric oxide synthase activity; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been reported to reduce blood pressure in obese insulin-resistant rats, but its mechanism of action has not been identified. The objective of this study was to determine whether CLA isomers can reduce obesity-related hypertension in the fa/fa Zucker rat in relation to adiponectin production and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) activation. Obese fa/fa Zucker rats were randomly assigned to one of four groups: (1) cis-9,trans-11-CLA, (2) trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12)-CLA, (3) control or (4) captopril. After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure increased 30% in control obese rats. This increase was attenuated 11%-13% in the t10,c12-CLA isomer and captopril groups, respectively. The t10,c12-CLA isomer concurrently elevated adiponectin levels in both plasma and adipose tissue and increased phosphorylated eNOS in adipose tissue as well as the aorta. Although a direct effect of CLA was not observed in cultured endothelial cells, direct adiponectin treatment increased phosphorylation of eNOS. Endothelial nitric oxide synthase phosphorylation was also increased in adipose of fa/fa Zucker rats infused with adiponectin in parallel with improvements in blood pressure. Our results suggest that the t10,c12-CLA isomer attenuates development of obesity-related hypertension, at least in part, by stimulating adiponectin production, which subsequently activates vascular eNOS. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A mild favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on body composition-a 6-month double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women; Background: In vitro and animal studies suggested that soy protein and isoflavones promote weight and body fat loss. However, clinical trials in humans were few and the effects remained uncertain.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
Diets with High or Low Protein Content and Glycemic Index for Weight-Loss Maintenance.; Background: Studies of weight-control diets that are high in protein or low in glycemic index have reached varied conclusions, probably owing to the fact that the studies had insufficient power.
Information sources and strategies of nutrition guidance used by primary care physicians; We studied the nutrition information seeking behavior of primary care physicians (PCPs) and also PCPs' implementation of different strategies of nutrition guidance of patients. This was done by means of a questionnaire mailed to a nationwide random sample of 1000 PCPs in the Netherlands. The net response rate was 64%. The two most important nutrition information sources for PCPs were a dietitian (72% of respondents) and the literature (34% of respondents). Eighty-five percent of PCPs reported that they were actively involved in seeking nutrition information. For nutrition education of patients, PCPs gave personal information to patients, referred patients to a dietitian, and made publications available in the surgery. As preferred methods of obtaining nutrition information themselves, PCPs listed scientific journals, postgraduate nutrition education, congresses and study days, and publications. Determinants of nutrition information seeking behavior of PCPs as well as their implementation of different strategies of patient nutrition education were identified and discussed. PCPs were familiar with the body mass index, which is encouraging because treatment of overweight and obesity starts with a valid assessment. The findings in this study lead to a prudent positive conclusion about PCPs and nutrition information in practice. From this study and others it can be concluded that there are growing opportunities, challenges, and tools for PCPs to become more actively involved in nutrition guidance of patients.
