Milk <i>kefir</i>: nutritional, microbiological and health benefits; Kefir is fermented milk produced from grains that comprise a specific and complex mixture of bacteria and yeasts that live in a symbiotic association. The nutritional composition of kefir varies according to the milk composition, the microbiological composition of the grains used, the time/temperature of fermentation and storage conditions. Kefir originates from the Caucasus and Tibet. Recently, kefir has raised interest in the scientific community due to its numerous beneficial effects on health. Currently, several scientific studies have supported the health benefits of kefir, as reported historically as a probiotic drink with great potential in health promotion, as well as being a safe and inexpensive food, easily produced at home. Regular consumption of kefir has been associated with improved digestion and tolerance to lactose, antibacterial effect, hypocholesterolaemic effect, control of plasma glucose, anti-hypertensive effect, anti-inflammatory effect, antioxidant activity, anti-carcinogenic activity, anti-allergenic activity and healing effects. A large proportion of the studies that support these findings were conducted in vitro or in animal models. However, there is a need for systematic clinical trials to better understand the effects of regular use of kefir as part of a diet, and for their effect on preventing diseases. Thus, the present review focuses on the nutritional and microbiological composition of kefir and presents relevant findings associated with the beneficial effects of kefir on human and animal health.
Association of dairy consumption with metabolic syndrome, hypertension and diabetes in 147 812 individuals from 21 countries; Objective Our aims were to assess the association of dairy intake with prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) (cross-sectionally) and with incident hypertension and incident diabetes (prospectively) in a large multinational cohort study.
The effects of kefir consumption on human health: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Context Kefir, a traditional, fermented-milk beverage, has increasingly been promoted for various health benefits. The evidence from systematic reviews, however, is limited. Objective Evidence from randomized controlled trials testing oral consumption of fermented-milk kefir on any outcome of human health or disease. Data Sources A systematic search of 4 electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Allied and Complementary Medicine Database, and Cochrane Trials) from inception to July 31, 2021, was conducted. Data Extraction Data extraction and risk-of-bias assessments were conducted by 2 reviewers independently. Data Analysis A total of 18 publications reporting the results of 16 studies were included. Per the narrative analysis, fermented-milk kefir may have potential as a complementary therapy in reducing oral Streptococcus mutans, thereby reducing dental caries risk, and in Helicobacter pylori eradication therapy. Kefir may further aid treatment of adult dyslipidemia and hypertension, although evidence was very limited. Safety was only assessed in 5 of the 18 included publications, and 12 of the studies had an overall high risk for bias. Conclusion Kefir is a dairy product with a unique microbiological profile that appears to be a safe for generally healthy populations to consume. However, efficacy and safety data from high-quality human trials are essential before any recommendations may be made for conditions of the oral and gastric microbiota and metabolic health. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42020211494.
Association of dairy intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality in 21 countries from five continents (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background Dietary guidelines recommend minimising consumption of whole-fat dairy products, as they are a source of saturated fats and presumed to adversely affect blood lipids and increase cardiovascular disease and mortality. Evidence for this contention is sparse and few data for the effects of dairy consumption on health are available from low-income and middle-income countries. Therefore, we aimed to assess the associations between total dairy and specific types of dairy products with mortality and major cardiovascular disease.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks ( P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week ( P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption ( P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline ( P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly ( P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy Consumption and Incidence of Hypertension A Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Observational and clinical studies suggest that dairy intake, particularly low-fat dairy, could have a beneficial effect on blood pressure. We performed a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies on dairy intake and risk of hypertension in the general population. A systematic literature search for eligible studies was conducted until July 2011, using literature databases and hand search. Study-specific dose-response associations were computed according to the generalized least squares for trend estimation method, and linear and piecewise regression models were created. Random-effects models were performed with summarized dose-response data. We included 9 studies with a sample size of 57 256, a total of 15 367 incident hypertension cases, and a follow-up time between 2 and 15 years. Total dairy (9 studies; range of intake, approximate to 100-700 g/d), low-fat dairy (6 studies; approximate to 100-500 g/d), and milk (7 studies; approximate to 100-500 g/d) were inversely and linearly associated with a lower risk of hypertension. The pooled relative risks per 200 g/d were 0.97 (95% CI, 0.95-0.99) for total dairy, 0.96 (95% CI, 0.93-0.99) for low-fat dairy, and 0.96 (95% CI, 0.94-0.98) for milk. High-fat dairy (6 studies), total fermented dairy (4 studies), yogurt (5 studies), and cheese (8 studies) were not significantly associated with hypertension incidence (pooled relative risks of approximate to 1). This meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies suggests that low-fat dairy and milk could contribute to the prevention of hypertension, which needs confirmation in randomized controlled trials. (Hypertension. 2012;60:1131-1137.). Online Data Supplement
Effects of regular-fat and low-fat dairy consumption on daytime ambulatory blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled feeding trial; Background: The extent to which dairy products and their fat content influence cardiovascular health remains uncertain.
Effects of low-fat dairy intake on blood pressure, endothelial function, and lipoprotein lipids in subjects with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension; Objective: This randomized crossover trial assessed the effects of 5 weeks of consuming -low-fat dairy (one serving/day each of 1% fluid milk, low-fat cheese, and low-fat yogurt) versus nondairy products (one serving/day each of apple juice, pretzels, and cereal bar) on systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP), vascular function (reactive hyperemia index [RHI] and augmentation index), and plasma lipids.
Randomized controlled trial of sour milk on blood pressure in borderline hypertensive men; Background: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was carried out to assess the effect of sour milk, containing two tripeptides (valine-proline-proline and isoleucine-proline-proline), on blood pressure (BP).
Dairy products consumption and the risk of hypertension in adults: An updated systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Aims: With an increase in the number of published prospective cohort studies, we sought to summarize the relationship between dairy products consumption and the risk of hypertension (HTN). Data synthesis: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Science direct, and Scopus. Pooled RRs and 95% CIs were calculated using a random effects model. The certainty of the evidence was assessed by Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE). Sixteen studies were included in the current meta-analysis. We found an inverse association between total dairy products (RR = 0.90; 95% CI: 0.87, 0.94; n = 16), low-fat dairy products (RR = 0.86; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.96; n = 8), milk (RR = 0.94; 95% CI: 0.90, 0.99; n = 11), and fermented dairy (RR = 0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.99; n = 8) consumption and the risk of HTN. However, in subgroup analysis, despite a significant association for total dairy products in women, Americans, longer and larger studies, and self-reported HTN, no associations were found in males, Europeans, or Asians, and studies which followed participants for <10 years or had <3000 participants or measured HTN. Dose-response analysis revealed a non-linear association between total dairy products and milk consumption and the risk of HTN, but a linear association for low-fat dairy products. Conclusions: Higher dairy products consumption was associated with reduced risk of HTN. This association was dependent on sex, geographical region of study, and the stage of HTN. However, the certainty of the evidence was graded either as low or very low. (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Coadjuvants in the Diabetic Complications: Nutraceuticals and Drugs with Pleiotropic Effects; Because diabetes mellitus (DM) is a multifactorial metabolic disease, its prevention and treatment has been a constant challenge for basic and clinical investigators focused on translating their discoveries into clinical treatment of this complex disorder. In this review, we highlight recent experimental and clinical evidences of potential coadjuvants in the management of DM, such as polyphenols (quercetin, resveratrol and silymarin), cultured probiotic microorganisms and drugs acting through direct/indirect or pleiotropic effects on glycemic control in DM. Among several options, we highlight new promising therapeutic coadjuvants, including chemical scavengers, the probiotic kefir and the phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors, which besides the reduction of hyperglycemia and ameliorate insulin resistance, they reduce oxidative stress and improve endothelial dysfunction in the systemic vascular circulation. In the near future, experimental studies are expected to clear the intracellular pathways involving coadjuvants. The design of clinical trials may also contribute to new strategies with coadjuvants against the harmful effects of diabetic complications.
Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; The association between dairy product consumption and cardiovascular health remains highly debated. We quantitatively synthesized prospective cohort evidence on the associations between dairy consumption and risk of hypertension (HTN), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science through August 1, 2020, to retrieve prospective cohort studies that reported on dairy consumption and risk of HTN, CHD, or stroke. We used random-effects models to calculate the pooled RR and 95% CI for the highest compared with the lowest category of intake and for a 1-serving/d increase in consumption. We rated the quality of evidence using NutriGrade. Fifty-five studies were included. Total dairy consumption was associated with a lower risk of HTN (RR for highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.91, 95% CI: 0.86, 0.95, I-2 = 73.5%; RR for 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.94, 0.97, I-2 = 66.5%), CHD (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00, I-2 = 46.6%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.95, 1.00, I-2 = 56.7%), and stroke (highest compared with lowest level of intake: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.85, 0.96, I-2 = 60.8%; 1-serving/d increase: 0.96, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.99, I-2 = 74.7%). Despite moderate to considerable heterogeneity, these associations remained consistent across multiple subgroups. Evidence on the relation between total dairy and risk of HTN and CHD was of moderate quality and of low quality for stroke. Low-fat dairy consumption was associated with lower risk of HTN and stroke and high-fat dairy with a lower risk of stroke. Milk, cheese, or yogurt consumption showed inconsistent associations with the cardiovascular outcomes in high compared with low intake and dose-response meta-analyses. Total dairy consumption was associated with a modestly lower risk of hypertension, CHD, and stroke. Moderate to considerable heterogeneity was observed in the estimates, and the overall quality of the evidence was low to moderate.
Rationale, Design and Participants Baseline Characteristics of a Crossover Randomized Controlled Trial of the Effect of Replacing SSBs with NSBs versus Water on Glucose Tolerance, Gut Microbiome and Cardiometabolic Risk in Overweight or Obese Adult SSB Consumer: Strategies to Oppose SUGARS with Non-Nutritive Sweeteners or Water (STOP Sugars NOW) Trial and Ectopic Fat Sub-Study; Background: Health authorities are near universal in their recommendation to replace sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with water. Non-nutritive sweetened beverages (NSBs) are not as widely recommended as a replacement strategy due to a lack of established benefits and concerns they may induce glucose intolerance through changes in the gut microbiome. The STOP Sugars NOW trial aims to assess the effect of the substitution of NSBs (the "intended substitution") versus water (the "standard of care substitution") for SSBs on glucose tolerance and microbiota diversity. Design and Methods: The STOP Sugars NOW trial (NCT03543644) is a pragmatic, "head-to-head", open-label, crossover, randomized controlled trial conducted in an outpatient setting. Participants were overweight or obese adults with a high waist circumference who regularly consumed >= 1 SSBs daily. Each participant completed three 4-week treatment phases (usual SSBs, matched NSBs, or water) in random order, which were separated by >= 4-week washout. Blocked randomization was performed centrally by computer with allocation concealment. Outcome assessment was blinded; however, blinding of participants and trial personnel was not possible. The two primary outcomes are oral glucose tolerance (incremental area under the curve) and gut microbiota beta-diversity (weighted UniFrac distance). Secondary outcomes include related markers of adiposity and glucose and insulin regulation. Adherence was assessed by objective biomarkers of added sugars and non-nutritive sweeteners and self-report intake. A subset of participants was included in an Ectopic Fat sub-study in which the primary outcome is intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) by 1H-MRS. Analyses will be according to the intention to treat principle. Baseline results: Recruitment began on 1 June 2018, and the last participant completed the trial on 15 October 2020. We screened 1086 participants, of whom 80 were enrolled and randomized in the main trial and 32 of these were enrolled and randomized in the Ectopic Fat sub-study. The participants were predominantly middle-aged (mean age 41.8 +/- SD 13.0 y) and had obesity (BMI of 33.7 +/- 6.8 kg/m(2)) with a near equal ratio of female: male (51%:49%). The average baseline SSB intake was 1.9 servings/day. SSBs were replaced with matched NSB brands, sweetened with either a blend of aspartame and acesulfame-potassium (95%) or sucralose (5%). Conclusions: Baseline characteristics for both the main and Ectopic Fat sub-study meet our inclusion criteria and represent a group with overweight or obesity, with characteristics putting them at risk for type 2 diabetes. Findings will be published in peer-reviewed open-access medical journals and provide high-level evidence to inform clinical practice guidelines and public health policy for the use NSBs in sugars reduction strategies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier, NCT03543644.
Effects of a multi-modal resistance exercise program and calcium-vitamin D<sub>3</sub>fortified milk on blood pressure and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men: secondary analysis of an 18-month factorial design randomised controlled trial; Purpose Physical activity and dietary interventions are recommended as front-line therapy for prevention and management of cardiovascular disease. This study investigated the independent and combined effects of low-fat, calcium-vitamin D(3)fortified milk and multi-modal exercise training on blood pressure (BP) and blood lipids in middle-aged and older men. Methods This was a pre-planned secondary analysis of an 18-month, randomised controlled trial. Community-dwelling men aged 50-79 years (n = 180) were randomised into (i) exercise + fortified milk; (ii) fortified milk; (iii) exercise; or (iv) control. The low-fat milk (400 mL/day) was fortified with 1,000 mg/day calcium and 800 IU/day of vitamin-D-3, whilst the exercise intervention consisted of three sessions/week of resistance- and weight-bearing impact exercises. Resting BP and fasting lipids were assessed at baseline, 6 (lipids only), 12 and 18 months. Results Mean +/- SD serum 25(OH)D and calcium intake for the entire cohort at baseline was 86 +/- 36 nmol/L and 1002 +/- 397 mg/day, respectively, with 10% classified as vitamin-D insufficient and 58% reporting a calcium intake below 1000 mg/day. There were no exercise-by-fortified milk interactions, nor any main-group effects for exercise or milk on BP or lipids at any time. However, there were significant reductions from baseline to 18 months in systolic (mean change, 5-8 mmHg) and diastolic (4-6 mmHg) BP in the exercise, fortified milk and control groups. All results remained largely unchanged after adjusting for use of anti-hypertensive or lipid lowering medication, weight or fat mass, or only including men with hypertension (n = 89) or dyslipidemia (n = 130) at baseline. Conclusion Supplementation with low-fat, calcium + vitamin D(3)fortified milk and a multi-modal exercise program, alone or in combination, was not effective for improving BP or blood lipids in community-dwelling middle-aged and older men.
Impact of dairy consumption on essential hypertension: a clinical study; Background: Several studies have presented evidence suggesting that dairy consumption has beneficial effects on blood pressure (BP) in healthy subjects; however, only a few studies have examined this possibility in patients with established essential hypertension using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. The objective of this study was to investigate how consuming dairy products impacts mean daytime systolic and diastolic BP in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension.
Associations of cereal grains intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality across 21 countries in Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiology study: prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE
Randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial of the blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with <i>Lactococcus lactis</i>: A pilot study; The blood pressure-lowering effect of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 was evaluated in a double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial with prehypertensive subjects. Participants were randomized into 2 groups (n = 18 each group): one group treated with fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 and a control group treated with artificially acidified milk. Results revealed that during daily consumption of fermented milk for 5 wk, systolic [(116.55 +/- 12.26 mmHg vs. 124.77 +/- 11.04 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (80.7 +/- 9 vs. 84.5 +/- 8.5 mmHg)] from the fermented milk group was lower than the control group. Additionally, triglyceride, total cholesterol, and low-density lipoprotein in blood serum were lower in the fermented milk group than in the control group. Results demonstrated that daily consumption of fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis (NRRL B-50571) had a blood pressure-lowering effect on prehypertensive subjects. Regular consumption of this product may be used as a potential functional food.
Fermented milk containing ACE-inhibitory peptides reduces blood pressure in middle aged hypertensive subjects; A placebo controlled study was conducted to test the effect of fermented milk Dahi containing Lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp. bulgaricus, Streptococcus salivarius ssp. thermophilus and Lactococcus lactis biovar. diacetylactis on 29 hypertensive subjects under 35-45y (A1), 45-55y (A2) and 55-65y (A3). A1, A2 and A3 received either 100ml test-fermented milk containing ACE-inhibitory biopeptides SKVYP, or placebo product for 4 weeks. Blood pressure, body weight, haemoglobin, serum cholesterol, random blood sugar and urine for glucosuria and proteinuria were examined initially, and at 2 weekly interval up to 8 weeks. Test group A2 (n=10), exhibited significant decline in systolic blood pressure during 2nd and 4th week by 7.2 +/- 2.1 mm Hg and 8.9 +/- 3.4 mm Hg. Their diastolic blood pressure reduced linearly up to 7.8 +/- 0.3 mm Hg at 8th week. Serum cholesterol of all 19 participants consuming test fermented milk reduced significantly up to 37.9 +/- 15.9mg/dL during 4th to 8th week. No adverse effects were noted with respect to other test parameters. These results suggest therapeutic potential of test fermented milk Dahi, for blood pressure reduction to middle aged hypertensive subjects.
Effects of Dairy Products on Intracellular Calcium and Blood Pressure in Adults with Essential Hypertension; Background: Consumption of dairy foods has been associated with lower blood pressure in certain populations.
Milk Products, Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure Management; High blood pressure (BP) is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, congestive heart failure, and kidney disease, Inverse associations between dairy product consumption and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) have been observed in cross-sectional studies; some studies, however, have reported an inverse association with only one BP parameter, predominantly SBP. Randomized clinical trials examining the effect of calcium and the combination of calcium, potassium and magnesium provide evidence for causality. In these studies, reductions in BP were generally modest (-1.27 to -4.6 mmHg for SBP, and -0.24 to -3.8 mmHg for DBP). Dairy nutrients, most notably calcium, potassium and magnesium, have been shown to have a blood pressure lowering effect. A low calcium intake increases intracellular calcium concentrations which increases 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 and parathyroid hormone (PTH), causing calcium influx into vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in greater vascular resistance. New research indicates that dairy peptides may act as angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, thereby inhibiting the renin angiotensin system with consequent vasodilation. A growing evidence base shows that dairy product consumption is involved in the regulation of BP. Consequently, inclusion of dairy products in a heart healthy diet is an important focal point to attain BP benefits.
Buffalo yogurt fermented with commercial starter and<i> Lactobacillus</i><i> plantarum</i> originating from breast milk lowered blood pressure in pregnant hypertensive rats; Nutritional therapy, which may have advantages over medication, is being investigated as a novel treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertension. Several studies have shown that probiotic yogurt supplementation during pregnancy has beneficial effects on maternal and fetal health. In this study, fermented buffalo milk was produced with yogurt culture and Lactobacillus plantarum B, a probiotic isolated from healthy breast milk with high angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory activity. The fermentation conditions under which the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity reached 84.51% were optimized by the response surface method as follows: 2 x 106 cfu/mL of L. plantarum B, yogurt culture 2.5 x 105 cfu/mL, and 8 h at 37 degrees C. The distribution of ACE inhibitory peptides from fermented buffalo milk and fermented cow milk were further analyzed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. By searching according to the structural features of ACE inhibitory peptides, 29 and 11 peptides containing ACE inhibitory peptide features were found in fermented buffalo milk and fermented cow milk, respectively. To investigate the in vivo antihypertensive activity of fermented buffalo milk, 18 pregnant rats were divided into 3 groups (n = 6 in each group) and administered 10 mL of normal saline, yogurt (20 mg/ kg), or labetalol hydrochloride (4 mg/kg) daily from the beginning of pregnancy to parturition. To induce hypertension, methyl nitrosoarginine (125 mg/kg) was injected subcutaneously every day from d 15 of pregnancy to the day of delivery. Blood pressure was not significantly changed in the yogurt and labetalol groups after induction of hypertension and was lower compared with the normal saline group, but there was no difference between the yogurt and labetalol groups. This implied that the buffalo yogurt had a preventive and antihypertensive effect in the pregnancy-induced hypertensive rat model. Further studies to determine the mechanism of action, as well as a randomized control trial, are warranted.
Hypotensive effects of solitary addition of conventional nonfat dairy products to the routine diet: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The high consumption of low-fat and nonfat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure.
Bioactive milk peptides and blood pressure; We have shown in several clinical trials that the milk protein-derived bioactive peptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) lower blood pressure, but a critical meta-analysis had yet to be conducted based on these studies. A total of five randomized controlled clinical trials with 295 voluntary subjects were included in the meta-analysis. The overall effect in the meta-analysis was a -4.0 mmHg (95 percent Cl:-5.9 to -2.1, p<0.001) reduction in systolic blood pressure and -2.1 mmHg (95 percent Cl:-3.4 to -0.8, p=0.002) reduction in diastolic blood pressure. The meta-analysis confirms that Lactobacillus helveticus fermented milk containing IPP and VPP tripeptides reduces blood pressure in hypertensive subjects. Functional foods containing bioactive milk peptides can be useful as part of dietary treatment and prevention of hypertension.
Cocoa, Hazelnuts, Sterols and Soluble Fiber Cream Reduces Lipids and Inflammation Biomarkers in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Cocoa, mixed with other food ingredients, intake can have beneficial effects on cardiovascular disease (CVD) biomarkers. We compared the effects of 4 cocoa cream products on some of these biomarkers.
Effects of the intake of dairy products naturally enriched with selenium and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in a sample of postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Introduction: metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women can improve with a healthy diet.
Blood pressure responses to high-calcium skim milk and potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk; Objective This study was designed to evaluate the effect of high-calcium skim milk or potassium-enriched high-calcium skim milk on blood pressure compared with nonenriched skim milk,
Dietary Goat Milk Potential in Prevention of Hypertension in Sedentary Women; There are persistent rumors in Indonesia, including Aceh people that the consumption of goat milk can effect to increases blood pressure (BP) and cause of hypertension, but there is no scientific evidence to support this. This research was conducted to analysis the effect of dietary goat milk on blood pressure and it's relation with serum calcium in sedentary women. This research were randomized clinical trial with randomized double blind design, using 18 sedentary women aged 18-19 years. The treatment was goat's milk 250 ml/day, given at 8: 00 to 09: 00 pm, for 110 days. The result showed that systolic (101.11 +/- 3.09 and 93.33 +/- 1.66 vs 112.22 +/- 3.23 and 110 +/- 2.88 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (70 +/- 2.35 and 67.78 +/- 3.32 and 75.56 +/- 1.75 and 80 +/- 2.34 mmHg) in the trial group decreased significantly (p<0.05) compared to the control group, after treatment. There were significant (p<0,05) differences of serum calcium in treatment between control group (8.9 +/- 0,05; 9.3 +/- 0,09 vs 9.08 +/- 0.06; 9.56 +/- 0,14 mg/dl) and significant (P<0.05) correlation was found between serum calcium and systolic (r=0.68, t=-0.38, p=0.04 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure (r=0.76, t=-2,24, p=0.01) after treatment. It can be concluded that goat's milk lowers blood pressure and prevent hypertension in sedentary women.
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults; All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well-being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (<two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age = 52 +/- 2 years; BMI = 31.5 +/- 0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Associations of Fish Consumption With Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality Among Individuals With or Without Vascular Disease From 58 Countries; IMPORTANCE Cohort studies report inconsistent associations between fish consumption, a major source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. Whether the associations vary between those with and those without vascular disease is unknown.
Fermented dairy foods rich in probiotics and cardiometabolic risk factors: a narrative review from prospective cohort studies; Probiotic foods, including fermented dairy (FD) products such as yogurt and cheese, naturally contain live microorganisms, but the relationship between the consumption of probiotic foods and health is unclear. The aim of the present narrative review is to integrate the available information on the relationship between the most studied FD products, which are yogurt and cheese, and cardiometabolic risk factors obtained from meta-analysis, systematic reviews of prospective cohort studies (PCSs) and PCSs published up to 2 November 2019. Additionally, the effects identified by randomized controlled trials of less-studied FD products, such as kefir and kimchi, on cardiometabolic risk factors are provided. PCSs have shown that the consumption of cheese, despite its high saturated fat content, is not associated with expected hypercholesterolemia and an increased cardiovascular risk. PCSs have revealed that the total consumption of FD appears to be associated with a lower risk of developing stroke and cardiovascular disease. The consumption of yogurt seems to be associated with a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. There is a lack of sufficient evidence of a protective relationship between FD or cheese consumption and metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the association of FD, cheese and yogurt with hypertension needs further evidence. In conclusion, the intake of fermented foods containing probiotics, particularly yogurt and cheese (of an undetermined type), opens up new opportunities for the management of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Effects of milk proteins on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized control trials; Certain foods or their components are widely used in the prevention and/or management of cardiovascular disease. Milk proteins have been suggested to have hypotensive properties. A number of clinical trials have been carried out to evaluate the effect of milk proteins from whole foods and supplements on blood pressure (BP). However, the effect of milk proteins on BP is not well understood. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized control trials to provide insight into and robust evidence concerning the overall impact of milk proteins on BP. The PubMed and Cochrane databases were searched for literature concerning the effects of milk proteins on BP up to May 2016. A random effects model was used to calculate the pooled estimates and 95% confidence intervals of effect sizes. The final analysis included seven randomized control trials involving 412 participants. Overall, milk protein interventions significantly lowered systolic BP by - 3.33 mm Hg (95% confidence interval - 5.62, - 1.03) and diastolic BP by - 1.08 mm Hg (95% confidence interval - 3.38, - 0.22). There was no statistical evidence of publication bias across the studies. In conclusion, this meta-analysis provides further evidence that milk proteins slightly but significantly lower both systolic and diastolic BP.
Delayed Lactogenesis II and potential utility of antenatal milk expression in women developing late-onset preeclampsia: a case series; Background: Preeclampsia is a multi-system, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy that increases a woman's risk of later-life cardiovascular disease. Breastfeeding may counteract the negative cardiovascular sequela associated with preeclampsia; however, women who develop preeclampsia may be at-risk for suboptimal breastfeeding rates. In this case series, we present three cases of late-onset preeclampsia and one case of severe gestational hypertension that illustrate a potential association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and suboptimal breastfeeding outcomes, including delayed onset of lactogenesis II and in-hospital formula supplementation.
High-fat dairy is inversely associated with the risk of hypertension in adults: Tehran lipid and glucose study; This study investigated the association between total and various types of dairy products and hypertension (HTN) among Tehranian adults. This cross-sectional study was conducted on 5616 adults within the framework of the Tehran lipid and glucose study. Multiple logistic regression models were conducted to assess association between HTN and dairy intakes. Consumption of high-fat dairy and non-fermented dairy in the highest quartile was inversely associated with HTN (OR: 0.76, 95% CI: 0.63-0.92 and OR: 0.70, 95% CI: 0.65-0.94, respectively). Among dairy products, milk intake (OR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.66-0.96) was inversely and yoghurt intake (OR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.06-1.55) and cheese intake (OR: 1.21, 95% CI: 1.01-1.46) were positively associated with HTN, findings indicating that higher intakes of high-fat dairy, non-fermented dairy and milk are associated with lower risk of HTN, whereas higher consumption of yoghurt and cheese associated with higher risk of HTN. However, further randomised clinical trials are recommended. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Endothelial Function is improved by Inducing Microbial Polyamine Production in the Gut: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Recently, it was demonstrated that spermidine-induced autophagy reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in mice. Intestinal bacteria are a major source of polyamines, including spermidine. We previously reported that the intake of both Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis (Bifal) and arginine (Arg) increases the production of putrescine, a spermidine precursor, in the gut. Here, we investigated the effects of Bifal and Arg consumption on endothelial function in healthy subjects. Healthy individuals with body mass index (BMI) near the maximum value in the healthy range (BMI: 25) (n = 44) were provided normal yogurt containing Bifal and Arg (Bifal + Arg YG) or placebo (normal yogurt) for 12 weeks in this randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group comparative study. The reactive hyperemia index (RHI), the primary outcome, was measured using endo-peripheral arterial tone (EndoPAT). The change in RHI from week 0 to 12 in the Bifal + Arg YG group was significantly higher than that in the placebo group, indicating that Bifal + Arg YG intake improved endothelial function. At week 12, the concentrations of fecal putrescine and serum putrescine and spermidine in the Bifal + Arg YG group were significantly higher than those in the placebo group. This study suggests that consuming Bifal + Arg YG prevents or reduces the risk of atherosclerosis.
The effect of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure in patients with type II diabetes mellitus: A randomized double-blind clinical trial; BACKGROUND: The objective of this clinical trial was to assess the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on anthropometric measures and blood pressure (BP) in type 2 diabetic (T2D) patients.
Effect of milk tripeptides on blood pressure: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: To better understand and summarize the relation between milk peptide intake and blood pressure (BP), we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to assess the effects of the milk-derived tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline on BP in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects.
High dietary intake of whole milk and full-fat dairy products does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated blood pressure; Regular consumption of low- and nonfat dairy products reduces blood pressure (BP) in adults with elevated BP. Currently, it is unknown if conventional full-fat dairy products exert similar hypotensive effects. We hypothesized that adding full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce seated office and ambulatory BP (primary outcome) in adults with elevated BP when compared with a no dairy control. Using a randomized controlled crossover design, 60 adults with elevated systolic BP (systolic/diastolic BP: 120-159/<99 mm Hg) participated in a 4-week high-dairy (4 servings a day of full-fat dairy products + regular diet) and a 4-week no-dairy condition (plant-based food items + regular diet) separated by a 2-week washout period. Data were analyzed based on time, condition, and sex. Seated office systolic BP did not change significantly in either condition. There were no changes in systolic BP in male or female participants across either dietary period. Ambulatory (24-hour) systolic BP did not change significantly in the high-dairy (133 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg) or no-dairy conditions (132 +/- 2 vs 131 +/- 1 mm Hg). No significant changes were observed for diastolic BP or pulse pressure during condition for office or ambulatory measures. The solitary addition of full-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet does not exert hypotensive effects in adults with elevated BP when compared to the no-dairy control. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of low-fat versus whole-fat dairy product intake on blood pressure and weight in young normotensive adults; Background:
Effects of an exclusive human-milk diet in preterm neonates on early vascular aging risk factors (NEOVASC): study protocol for a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial; Background: Preterm birth accounts for approximately 11% of all livebirths globally. Due to improvements in perinatal care, more than 95% of these infants now survive into adulthood. Research has indicated a robust association between prematurity and increased cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular mortality. While the innate adverse effects of prematurity on these outcomes have been demonstrated, therapeutic strategies on the mitigation of these concerning developments are lacking. The primary objective of the NEOVASC clinical trial is therefore to investigate whether the administration of a prolonged exclusive human-milk diet in preterm infants is capable of alleviating the harmful effects of preterm birth on the early development of cardiovascular risk factors.
Changes in Blood Pressure and Lipid Levels in Young Women Consuming a Vitamin D-Fortified Skimmed Milk: A Randomised Controlled Trial; Vitamin D exerts a variety of extra-skeletal functions. Aim: to know the effects of the consumption of a vitamin D-fortified skimmed milk on glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in young women. Methods: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group trial of 16 weeks duration was conducted in young women with low iron stores who consumed a skimmed milk fortified with iron and 200 IU/day (5 g) of vitamin D (D-fortified group, n = 55), or a placebo without vitamin D (D-placebo group, n = 54). A reference group (n = 56) of iron-sufficient women was also recruited. Results: baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D was inversely correlated with total-cholesterol (r = -0.176, p = 0.023) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-chol) (r = -0.176, p = 0.024). During the assay, LDL-cholesterol increased in the D-placebo group (p = 0.005) while it tended to decrease in the D-fortified group (p = 0.07). Neither group displayed changes in total-cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-chol), triglycerides or glucose levels. Systolic (p = 0.017) and diastolic (p = 0.010) blood pressure decreased during the assay in the D-fortified group without significant differences compared to the D-placebo. Conclusion: consumption of a dairy product fortified with vitamin D reduces systolic and diastolic blood pressure but does not change lipid levels in young women.
Effects of ruxolitinib cream on pruritus and quality of life in atopic dermatitis: Results from a phase 2, randomized, dose-ranging, vehicle- and active-controlled study; Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD), a chronic, highly pruritic skin disorder, impairs quality of life (QoL). Janus kinase inhibitors suppress inflammatory and pruritus-associated cytokine signaling in AD.
THE INFLUENCE OF DAIRY-PRODUCTS ON PLASMA URIC-ACID IN WOMEN; Elevated levels of plasma uric acid have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and their complications. As dairy proteins have been found to decrease plasma uric acid without increasing glomerular filtration rate, a sample of postmenopausal women living in Montreal was studied to investigate the nature of this relationship. Participants (158 Roman Catholic nuns) were randomly assigned to one of two test diets for a period of four weeks: the dairy foods group (n = 81) consumed approximately 30 grams of dairy protein daily and the dairy-free diet group (n = 77) ate no dairy foods at all. Subjects completed two one-day food records, a core questionnaire and a dairy foods diet history; blood specimens were obtained, and blood pressure, height and weight were measured. Average nutrient intakes differed as a consequence of the test diets, with significantly greater intakes of protein, fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, potassium and calcium (p < 0.01) in the dairy group after the study period, and lower dietary levels of protein, cholesterol, calcium and retinol (p < 0.01) in the dairy-free group. Plasma uric acid was unchanged after the dietary intervention in the dairy group, but increased by 7.8 mu mol/l (p = 0.03) in subjects on the dairy-free diet; however, diastolic blood pressure decreased in response to calcium (beta = -22.9, SE = 10.0, p = 0.02) among those whose diet included dairy foods. The study results suggest that proteins of dairy origin may play a role in stabilising or lowering plasma uric acid, and that calcium or other components found in milk products may also reduce diastolic blood pressure. While these findings have implications for dietary prevention to decrease cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women, further investigations should examine these mechanisms in men over the age of 50 to ascertain whether a similar response would occur.
Soy Milk Consumption, Inflammation, Coagulation, and Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; OBJECTIVE-To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Fermented milk for hypertension; Background
Effect of probiotic fermented milk on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Previous studies have suggested that probiotic fermented milk may possess blood pressure (BP)-lowering properties. In the present study, we aimed to systematically examine the effect of probiotic fermented milk on BP by conducting a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. PubMed, Cochrane library and the ClinicalTrials.gov databases were searched up to March 2012 to identify eligible studies. The reference lists of the obtained articles were also reviewed. Either a fixed-effects or a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Meta-analysis of fourteen randomised placebo-controlled trials involving 702 participants showed that probiotic fermented milk, compared with placebo, produced a significant reduction of 3.10mmHg (95% CI -4.64, -1.56) in systolic BP and 1.09mmHg (95% CI -2.11, -0.06) in diastolic BP. Subgroup analyses suggested a slightly greater effect on systolic BP in hypertensive participants than in normotensive ones (-3.98 v. -2.09 mmHg). Analysis of trials conducted in Japan showed a greater reduction than those conducted in European countries for both systolic BP (-6.12 v. -2.08 mmHg) and diastolic BP (-3.45 v. -0.52 mmHg). Some evidence of publication bias was present, but sensitivity analysis excluding small trials that reported extreme results only affected the pooled effect size minimally. In summary, the present meta-analysis suggested that probiotic fermented milk has BP-lowering effects in pre-hypertensive and hypertensive subjects.
Lactotripeptides show no effect on human blood pressure - Results from a double-blind randomized controlled trial; Milk-derived peptides with ACE-inhibiting properties may have antihypertensive effects in humans. We conducted a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to examine the blood pressure lowering potential of 2 ACE-inhibiting lactotripeptides, ie, Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline. We included 135 Dutch subjects with elevated systolic blood pressure who were otherwise healthy and who received no current antihypertensive treatment. After a 2-week run-in period on placebo, subjects randomly received a daily dose of 200 mL dairy drink with 14 mg lactotripeptides obtained by concentrating fermented milk, enzymatic hydrolysis, or chemical synthesis, or placebo for 8 weeks, followed by a 2-week wash-out. The primary outcome was 8-week change in office systolic blood pressure. Secondary outcomes were change in diastolic blood pressure, home blood pressure, 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, plasma ACE-activity, and plasma angiotensin II. Blood pressure at baseline was on average 142/84 mm Hg. Lactotripeptides did not significantly change systolic blood pressure (P=0.46) or diastolic blood pressure (P=0.31) compared with placebo. The mean difference (95%-CI) in systolic blood pressure response between treatment and placebo was 2.8 mm Hg (-2.6;8.2) for concentrated fermented milk lactotripeptides, -0.5 mm Hg (-6.0;5.0) for enzymatic lactotripeptides, and 1.6 mm Hg (-3.9;6.9) for synthetic lactotripeptides. Treatment neither had a significant effect on secondary outcome measures. In conclusion, the present study does not support the hypothesis of a blood pressure lowering effect of the lactotripeptides Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) dietary pattern, which is high in fruit, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure as well as low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately $26 billion and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of $200 billion. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
FREQUENCY OF CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS AMONG DAIRY WORKERS; Objective: To find out frequency of various risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in dairy workers
Soy milk lowers blood pressure in men and women with mild to moderate essential hypertension; Soy-based diets reduce blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats, but apparently not in hypertensive humans. In the present study, the antihypertensive potential of soy milk (500 mL twice daily) compared with cow's milk was investigated in a 3-mo double-blind randomized study of 40 men and women with mild-to-moderate hypertension. Before initiation of the study, urinary isoflavonoids (measured by HPLC) were undetectable in most cases (for genistein, they were always < 100 mumol/L). After 3 mo of soy milk consumption, systolic blood pressure decreased by 18.4 +/- 10.7 mmHg compared with 1.4 +/- 7.2 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001), diastolic blood pressure decreased by 15.9 +/- 9.8 mmHg vs. 3.7 +/- 5.0 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001) and mean blood pressure decreased by 16.7 +/- 9.0 mmHg compared with 3.0 +/- 4.6 mmHg in the cow's milk group (P < 0.0001). Urinary genistein was strongly (r = -0.588) and significantly (P = 0.002) correlated with the decrease in blood pressure, particularly for diastolic values. In conclusion, chronic soy milk consumption had modest, but significant hypotensive action in essential hypertensive subjects. This hypotensive action was correlated with the urinary excretion of the isoflavonoid genistein.
Dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: Mendelian randomization study; OBJECTIVE To examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal.
Comparison of effects of soft margarine, blended, ghee, and unhydrogenated oil with hydrogenated oil on serum lipids: A randomized clinical trail; BACKGROUND: Trans fatty acids (TFAs) are known as the most harmful type of dietary fats. Therefore, this study was done to compare the effects of some different oils including unhydrogenated, blended, ghee, and soft magazine with hydrogenated oil on serum lipid profile of healthy adults.
Placebo-controlled study of the effect of sour milk on blood pressure in hypertensive subjects; A placebo-controlled study was conducted to test the effect of Calpis (Calpis Food Industry Co, Ltd, Tokyo, Japan) sour milk, ie, a milk fermented with a starter containing Lactobacillus helveticus and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, on the blood pressure of 30 elderly hypertensive patients, most of whom were taking antihypertensive medication. Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups. One group ingested daily 95 mL of the sour milk for 8 wk, and the other group ingested the same amount of artificially acidified milk as a placebo for 8 wk. In the sour-milk group, systolic blood pressure decreased significantly 4 and 8 wk after ingestion, by 9.4 +/- 3.6 mm Hg ((x) over bar +/- SE, P < 0.05) and 14.1 +/- 3.1 mm Hg (P < 0.01), respectively. The diastolic blood pressure also decreased significantly, by 6.9 +/- 2.2 mm Hg (P < 0.01), by 8 wk after ingestion of the sour milk began. No significant changes in blood pressure were observed in the placebo group. The decrease in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the sour-milk group tended to be greater than in the placebo group. No marked changes were observed in other indexes, including pulse rate, body weight, and blood serum variables in both groups.
The antihypertensive effect of fermented milk in individuals with prehypertension or borderline hypertension; Fermented milk (FM) with putative antihypertensive effect in humans could be an easy applicable lifestyle intervention against hypertension. The mode of action is supposed to be through active milk peptides, shown to possess in vitro ACE-inhibitory effect. Blood pressure (BP) reductions upto 23mmHg have been reported in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed FM. Results from human studies of the antihypertensive effect are inconsistent. However, many studies suffer from methodological weaknesses, as insufficient blinding and the use of office BP measurements. We conducted a randomised, double-blind placebo-controlled study of the antihypertensive effect of Lactobacillus helveticus FM in 94 prehypertensive and borderline hypertensive subjects. The participants were randomised into three treatment groups with a daily intake of 150 ml of FM, 300 ml of FM or placebo (chemically acidified milk). The primary outcome was repeated 24-h ambulatory BP measurements. There were no statistically significant differences in the outcome between the groups (systolic BP (SBP), P = 0.9; diastolic BP (DBP), P = 0.2). However, the group receiving 300 ml FM had reduced BP across the 8-week period in several readings, which could be compatible with a minor antihypertensive effect. Heart rate and lipids remained unchanged between groups. Hence, our study does not support earlier studies measuring office BP-measurements, reporting antihypertensive effect of FM. Based on straight performed 24-h ambulatory BP measurements, milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus does not posses significant antihypertensive effect. Journal of Human Hypertension (2010) 24, 678-683; doi:10.1038/jhh.2010.4; published online 11 February 2010
Lipidomic Signatures of Dairy Consumption and Associated Changes in Blood Pressure and Other Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Chinese Adults; Background: Omics data may provide a unique opportunity to discover dairy-related biomarkers and their linked cardiovascular health. Methods: Dairy-related lipidomic signatures were discovered in baseline data from a Chinese cohort study (n=2140) and replicated in another Chinese study (n=212). Dairy intake was estimated by a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Lipidomics was profiled by high-coverage liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Associations of dairy-related lipids with 6-year changes in cardiovascular risk factors were examined in the discovery cohort, and their causalities were analyzed by 2-sample Mendelian randomization using available genome-wide summary data. Results: Of 350 lipid metabolites, 4 sphingomyelins, namely sphingomyelin (OH) C32:2, sphingomyelin C32:1, sphingomyelin (2OH) C30:2, and sphingomyelin (OH) C38:2, were identified and replicated to be positively associated with total dairy consumption (beta=0.130 to 0.148; P<1.43x10(-4)), but not or weakly with nondairy food items. The score of 4 sphingomyelins showed inverse associations with 6-year changes in systolic (-2.68 [95% CI, -4.92 to -0.43]; P=0.019), diastolic blood pressures (-1.86 [95% CI, -3.12 to -0.61]; P=0.004), and fasting glucose (-0.25 [95% CI, -0.41 to -0.08]; P=0.003). Mendelian randomization analyses further revealed that genetically inferred sphingomyelin (OH) C32:2 was inversely associated with systolic (-0.57 [95% CI, -0.85 to -0.28]; P=9.16x10(-5)) and diastolic blood pressures (-0.39 [95% CI, -0.59 to -0.20]; P=7.09x10(-5)). Conclusions: The beneficial effects of dairy products on cardiovascular health might be mediated through specific sphingomyelins among Chinese with overall low dairy consumption.
Association between yogurt, milk, and cheese consumption and common carotid artery intima-media thickness and cardiovascular disease risk factors in elderly women; Background: Despite the contribution of dairy foods to total dietary saturated fat intake, available data indicate that dairy consumption may lower the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial; To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2-3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross-over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated; BP, carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty-seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 +/- 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 +/- 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
Whey protein lowers blood pressure and improves endothelial function and lipid biomarkers in adults with prehypertension and mild hypertension: results from the chronic Whey2Go randomized controlled trial; Background: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the greatest cause of death globally, and their reduction is a key public-health target. High blood pressure (BP) affects 1 in 3 people in the United Kingdom, and previous studies have shown that milk consumption is associated with lower BP.
Calcidiol serum levels and blood pressure responses in normotensive patients with dietary goat milk; Background: Calcidiol (25-hydroxyvitamin D or 25(OH) D) is the active form of vitamin D that can be measured in the blood. Vitamin D functions as a regulator of blood pressure and a vitamin D deficiency is associated with an increased risk of hypertension. Goat's milk is thought to have anti hypertensive effect. That is likely due to the amount of vitamin D found in goat's milk, but requires further investigation. This research was conducted to analyze the effect of consuming goat's milk on blood pressure and its relationship with calcidiol serum in normotensive patients. Materials and Methods: The design of this research was experimental laboratory with randomized pretest-posttest with a control group using 18 sedentary women aged 18-19 years. The treatment was 250 ml/day of goat's milk given in the morning after breakfast for 110 days. The data were analyzed by the statistical t-test (p<0.05). Results: A significant decrease of systolic blood pressure (p=0.00) and no significant decrease of diastolic blood pressure (p=0.51) were observed in the trial group. Levels of calcidiol serum did not increase significantly (p=0.06) after consuming goat's milk in the trial group. Conclusion: It can be concluded that goat's milk can decrease blood pressure but does not affect calcidiol scrum in normotensive patients. Further research is needed to determine the effect of goat's milk on blood pressure in hypertensive patients.
Lack of change in blood pressure and arterial stiffness after high dairy intake in hyperinsulinemic subjects: a cross-over randomized controlled trial; To evaluate the effects of high dairy (HD) (>= 4 servings/day), compared to adequate dairy (AD) (2-3 servings/day as per Canada's Food Guide for Healthy Eating (2007)), on blood pressure (BP) and measures of arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic subjects. In this cross-over clinical trial, hyperinsulinemic adults were randomized to AD and HD for 6 weeks. Anthropometric, glycemic, and lipid parameters were analyzed and dietary intake was evaluated; BP, carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and measures of arterial stiffness were assessed. Twenty-seven participants completed the study. Dairy intake was 2.2 + 1.2 servings/day during AD. In addition, lower total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were observed without significant change in BP or arterial stiffness between before and after AD. During HD, the subjects consumed 5.8 + 1.9 servings/day of dairy products, providing a higher intake of protein, saturated fat, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium compared to the baseline diet. After the HD, subjects had higher body fat, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, and triglycerides without altering BP or arterial stiffness compared to before HD. Overall, adequate or high intake of total dairy did not modify BP or arterial stiffness in hyperinsulinemic adults after 6 weeks.
Independent contribution of dairy products and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level; Purpose Previous studies have shown a potential inverse relationship between blood pressure and daily calcium intake. The aim of the study was to assess the independent contribution of dairy product and calcium intake to blood pressure variations at a population level.
<i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented milk lowers blood pressure in hypertensive subjects in 24-h ambulatory blood pressure measurement; Background. The present study was carried out to evaluate the blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect and the safety aspects of Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H fermented milk with high tripeptide doses on hypertensive subjects using 24-h ambulatory measurements (ABPM).
Efficacy of fermented goat milk on blood pressure in prehypertensive adults: A randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial; This randomized, double-blind trial was aimed to investigate the hypotensive efficacy of fermented goat milk (FGM) in prehypertensive volunteers. Fifty prehypertensive subjects were chosen and separated into two groups as experimental (consumed six tablets of FGM; 7.5 g) or placebo (every day) for 8-week with 2 weeks of follow-up. Anthropometric parameters, lipid profile, blood pressure (BP), and various hormones were assessed during the initial (before intervention), 8th week (after intervention), and 10th week (follow-up period). Administration with FGM for 8 weeks showed no substantial changes were noted in any of the anthropometric parameters or lipid profile. Whereas, the BP, angiotensin II (AT-II), and aldosterone levels were significantly (p<.05) reduced after supplementation with FGM. However, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and angiotensin I (AT-I) levels were not considerably altered. Intake of FGM significantly lowered the BP in prehypertensive adults could be due to the presence of peptides in FGM.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
The effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on oxidative stress and clinical indices of migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial; Aims: The relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and oxidative stress (OS) in patients diagnosed with migraine is unknown and remains to be examined. Hence, we conducted a parallel-group, randomized controlled trial to investigate this issue.
Dose-dependent lowering of blood pressure by dairy peptides in mildly hypertensive subjects; Clinical studies have demonstrated a beneficial effect on blood pressure for milk derived material containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valine-prolyl-proline (VPP) peptides. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the blood pressure lowering effect of three different IPP and VPP doses in products with a comparable electrolyte and protein composition. The present study was designed as a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-response trial: 166 subjects ( 140/90 mmHg) received placebo during a 2-week run-in, 8-weeks intervention followed by a 2-week washout. Results indicate that materials containing IPP and VPP do lower blood pressure dose-dependently (p 0.05 for diastolic blood pressure, DBP). The effect on systolic blood pressure (SBP)/DBP over 8 weeks compared with placebo was + 0.1/- 1.3, - 1.5/- 1.4 and - 2.5/- 1.9 mmHg for the low, medium and high dose of peptides, respectively. The percentages of subjects who showed a fall in SBP 3 mmHg or who attained an SBP below 140 mmHg, were 54% (placebo), 64% (low), 76% (medium) and 71% (high dose) respectively. This effect can only be demonstrated for office pressure and not for home or ambulatory pressure. Furthermore, the results suggest that the magnitude of the fall in blood pressure is a function of baseline blood pressure. We conclude that IPP and VPP may have a modest dose-dependent effect on office blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects although this could not be confirmed with ambulatory or home blood pressure measurements.
Potential of favorable effects of probiotics fermented milk supplementation on blood pressure: a systematic review and meta-analysis; The effect of probiotics fermented milk (PFM) supplementation on blood pressure (BP) is conflicting. This review aimed to summarize available evidence from human trials evaluating the effects of PFM supplementation on BP in adults. Online databases, including PubMed, Scopus, EMBASE, and Cochran were searched for relevant studies published up to December 2019, using relevant keywords. All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the PFM supplementation on BP were included. The quality of this study was evaluated using the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias Assessment tool. Meta-analysis was done using the random-effects model. Heterogeneity and publication bias were assessed in selected studies. Sensitivity analysis and subgroup analysis were conducted to examine potential heterogeneity. Meta-analysis of 24 (31 arms) randomized placebo-controlled trials involving 2102 participants showed that PFM supplementation did not change in systolic BP (SBP) (WMD: -2.17 mmHg; 95% CI: -4.5, 0.16, P = .068) as well in diastolic BP (DBP) (WMD: -1.04, 95% CI: -2.51 to 0.44, P = .167) subgroup analyses based on baseline SBP and DBP, duration of intervention, baseline BMI, mean age, and health status suggested a large significant decreasing effect on systolic and diastolic BP in prehypertensive (pre-HTN) and hypertensive (HTN) subset (P < .05). Our study concludes that PFM supplementation may have beneficial effects on systolic and diastolic BP in pre-HTN and HTN subjects. Future investigations on the clinical efficacy and safety of PFM supplementation are warranted to elucidate these beneficial effects.
Types of milk consumed and risk of essential hypertension: A 2-sample Mendelian randomization analysis; Observational associations between milk consump-tion and essential hypertension have been reported. However, their causal inferences have not been proven, and the effects of different types of milk consumption on hypertension risk remain poorly characterized. The Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed using public summary-level statistics from genome-wide association studies to determine whether the different types of milk consumption affect essential hyperten-sion differently. Six different milk consumption types were defined as exposure conditions, whereas essential hypertension identified by the ninth and tenth revi-sions of the International Classification of Diseases was considered the outcome of interest. Genetic variants, which were genome-wide associated with the types of milk consumed, were used as an instrumental variable for MR analysis. In primary MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method was adopted followed by sev-eral sensitivity analyses. Our findings suggested that of the 6 common types of milk consumed, semi-skimmed and soya milk products were protective against essen-tial hypertension, whereas skim milk had the opposite effect. Consistent results were also observed in sensitiv-ity analyses that followed. The present study provided genetic evidence that a causal link between milk con-sumption and the risk of essential hypertension and a new reference for the diet antihypertensive treatment plan for patients with hypertension.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the antihypertensive effects of camel milk hydrolysates; This meta-analysis aimed to estimate the antihypertensive effects of camel milk (CM) hydrolysates, including the variation in camel milk hydrolysates among different hydrolysis types, incubation times, and experimental designs. The antihypertensive effect of CM hydrolysate is expressed as the percentage of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity or IC50 value provided in mu g/ml, corresponding to the 50% maximum inhibitory concentration. The greatest random effect of antihypertensive agents (IC50 mu g/mL) in vitro was 122.9 at incubation time of 144-216 h. Moreover, the greatest random effect of ACE % in vitro was 76.7 after 48 h of incubation. In vivo, the random effect of ACE % was 62.7, and the incubation time was 0.16-6 h. The antihypertensive effect of CM hydrolysate depends on several factors, including hydrolysis type, incubation time, and experimental design.
A fermented milk high in bioactive peptides has a blood pressure-lowering effect in hypertensive subjects; Background: Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE; EC 3.4.15.1) plays a dual role in the regulation of hypertension: it catalyzes the production of the vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and it inactivates the vasodilator bradykinin. By inhibiting these processes, ACE inhibitors have antihypertensive effects. Peptides derived from milk proteins can have ACE-inhibiting properties and may thus be used as antihypertensive components.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A diet rich in dairy and calcium (Ca) has been variably associated with improvements in body composition and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes. Our objective was to determine if a dietary pattern high in dairy and Ca improves weight loss and subjective appetite to a greater extent than a low dairy/Ca diet during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of Dietary Protein Supplementation on Blood Pressure A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Background-Observational studies have reported an inverse association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP). We compared the effect of soy protein, milk protein, and carbohydrate supplementation on BP among healthy adults.
Hypotensive and heart rate-lowering effects in rats receiving milk fermented by specific <i>Lactococcus lactis</i> strains; Previous studies have demonstrated that milk fermented by specific Lactococcus lactis strains significantly inhibits the activity of angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE). However, the relationship between the ACE inhibitor and its in vivo action has revealed discrepancies. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the antihypertensive and heart rate (HR)-lowering effect of milk fermented by specific L. lactis in a murine model. Spontaneously hypertensive male rats (271 (SD 14) g) were randomised into four treatment groups that were orally administered with milk fermented by L. lactis NRRL B-50 571 or L. lactis NRRL B-50 572 at 35 or 50 mg protein/kg body weight (BW), respectively. Further, two more groups were fed with different solutions as controls: a saline solution as the negative control and Captopril (TM) (40 mg/kg BW), a proven ACE inhibitor, as the positive control. Blood pressure and HR were monitored by the tail-cuff method before the treatments and at 2, 4, 6 and 24 h post-oral administration. The results demonstrated that milk fermented by L. lactis NRRL B-50 571 as well as by L. lactis NRRL B-50 572 presented an important systolic and diastolic blood pressure- and HR-lowering effect. Thus, milk fermented by specific L. lactis strains may present potential benefits in the prevention and treatment of CVD associated with hypertension in humans.
Effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in patients with mild hypertension; Background Inhibition of the angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) is a widely used principle for the treatment of hypertension. Fermentation of milk proteins was shown to lead to the formation of peptides with ACE-inhibiting activity. Milk products with ACE-inhibiting peptides may provide a useful approach to prevent or treat hypertension. Aim of the study To investigate the effect of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides on blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects. Methods A randomized, placebo-controlled, double blind clinical trial in two parallel groups was performed. A total of 54 hypertensive patients received either 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides every morning or a control product for 12 weeks after a run-in period of 2 weeks. Previous in vitro tests of the whey powder demonstrated ACE-inhibitory activity. Blood pressure was measured at 0, 2, 4, 8, and 12 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 8, and 12 weeks for analysis of metabolic and inflammatory variables. Results Resting systolic and diastolic blood pressure values did not change in the milk drink group 144.1 +/- 8.6/91.0 +/- 5.5 mmHg at baseline vs. 143.7 +/- 13.5/90.4 +/- 6.5 mmHg after 12 weeks. In the control group systolic (p = 0.0431) and diastolic (p = 0.0081) blood pressure was significantly reduced 140.6 +/- 11.7/90.3 +/- 5.8 mmHg at baseline vs. 137.0 +/- 14.4/87.7 +/- 6.6 mmHg after 12 weeks. There was no difference between the two groups at any time point. No changes were seen when the results of the 24-h continuous blood pressure monitoring were compared after 12 weeks. No significant changes were detected for circulating levels of selected inflammation markers (interleukin (IL)-6, C-reactive protein (CRP), number of leukocytes, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) as well as for metabolic variables (insulin, plasma glucose, and lipids). Conclusions The daily consumption of 125 ml of a milk drink supplemented with whey peptides was not found to reduce blood pressure and/or inflammation markers in mildly hypertensive subjects, although preceding in vitro tests showed a potent ACE-inhibition.
Changes in arterial blood pressure in hypertensive rats caused by long-term intake of milk fermented by <i>Enterococcus faecalis</i> CECT 5728; We have evaluated the changes in arterial blood pressure caused in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) by long-term intake of an Enterococcus faecalis CECT 5728-fermented milk with significant angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitory activity. After being weaned, male 3-week-old SHR were randomized into five groups. Until the 20th week of life, rats in each group were given one of the following drinking fluids: tap water (negative control 1), a fermented milk without ACE-inhibitory activity (negative control 2), captopril (100 mg/kg) (positive control), the E. faecalis CECT 5728-fermented milk that had significant ACE-inhibitory activity, or Ca-enriched E. faecalis CECT 5728-fermented milk. Animals in the different groups were then given tap water as drinking fluid from the 20th to 25th week of life. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured weekly in the rats, from the 6th to 25th week of life, by the tail-cuff method. A definite decrease in SBP and DBP could be observed in the rats treated with captopril and also in the rats that received the E. faecalis CECT 5728-fermented milks. The greatest antihypertensive effect was observed when the pharmacological treatment was administered. The effect of the Ca-enriched fermented milk was slightly more accentuated and more constant than the effect of the E. faecalis CECT 5728-fermented milk that had not been enriched in Ca. SBP and DBP increased in the treated SHR when the corresponding antihypertensive treatment was removed. Fermentation of milk with E. faecalis CECT 5728 may therefore be a successful strategy to produce a functional food with antihypertensive activity.
IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysate lowers blood pressure in subjects with stage 1 hypertension, a randomized controlled trial; Background: Milk derived peptides have been identified as potential antihypertensive agents. The primary objective was to investigate the effectiveness of IPP-rich milk protein hydrolysates (MPH) on reducing blood pressure (BP) as well as to investigate safety parameters and tolerability. The secondary objective was to confirm or falsify ACE inhibition as the mechanism underlying BP reductions by measuring plasma renin activity and angiotensin I and II.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitory effects of dairy- and soy-derived peptides in pre-hypertensive overweight men and women; Background: Hypertension is considered the most prevalent cardiovascular disorder and a significant public health problem. A functional food that could potentially impede progression into a hypertensive state in pre-hypertensive individuals is of significant interest to clinicians and consumers. In vitro and animal studies suggest the presence of potential ACE inhibitory dairy- and soy-derived peptides. Very few human-based research studies have been conducted to investigate the blood pressure lowering and/or ACE-inhibitory effects of whey and soy protein hydrolysates in humans. This pilot study tested the acute effects of 20g doses of whey and soy hydrolysates in pre-hypertensive, overweight men and postmenopausal women on serum ACE activity and blood pressure.
Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro Tripeptide-Containing Milk Product has Acute Blood Pressure Lowering Effects in Mildly Hypertensive Subjects; Casein-derived tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (Ile-Pro-Pro) and valine-proline-proline (Val-Pro-Pro) lower blood pressure (BP) in long-term clinical studies. Their acute effects on BP and vascular function, important for daily dosing scheme, were studied in a placebo-controlled double-blind crossover study using a single oral dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro as well as plant sterols. Twenty-five subjects with untreated mild hypertension received in random order 250 g of study product (25 mg peptides and 2 g plant sterols) or placebo. Ambulatory BP was monitored for 8 h post-dose and arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave analysis at 2, 4, and 8 h. Blood and urine samples were analyzed for markers of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and endothelial function. Baseline adjusted treatment effect for systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and mean arterial BP was -2.1 mmHg (95% CI: -4.1 to -0.1, p = 0.045), -1.6 mmHg (95% CI: -3.1 to -0.1, p = 0.03), and -1,9 mmHg (95% CI: -3-3 to -0.4, p = 0.0093), respectively, in favor of the active treatment for 8 h post-dose. No significant differences between the treatments were seen in brachial or aortic augmentation index, pulse wave velocity, or markers of RAS. Urinary excretion of cGMP, the second messenger of endothelial nitric oxide, was higher in the active group vs. placebo (p = 0.01). The results indicate that a single dose of a fermented milk product containing Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro and plant sterols acutely lowers brachial SBP and DBP in mildly hypertensive subjects.
High-calcium milk prevents overweight and obesity among postmenopausal women; Background. The Sixth National Nutrition Survey 2003 revealed that the highest prevalence of overweight and obesity among Filipino female adults (30.8%) was found in the age group from 40 to 59 years. Obesity is associated with a number of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Low calcium intake has been identified as a potential contributing factor to overweight and obesity.
The impact of milk proteins and peptides on blood pressure and vascular function: a review of evidence from human intervention studies; CVD are the leading cause of death worldwide. Hypertension, a major controllable risk factor of CVD, is intimately associated with vascular dysfunction, a defect which is also now recognised to be a major, modifiable risk factor for the development of CVD. The purpose of the present review was to critically evaluate the evidence for the effects of milk proteins and their associated peptides on blood pressure (BP) and vascular dysfunction. After a detailed literature search, the number of human trials evaluating the antihypertensive effects of casein-derived peptides (excluding isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline) was found to be limited; the studies were preliminary with substantial methodological limitations. Likewise, the data from human trials that examined the effects of whey protein and peptides were also scarce and inconsistent. To date, only one study has conducted a comparative investigation on the relative effects of the two main intact milk proteins on BP and vascular function. While both milk proteins were shown to reduce BP, only whey protein improved measures of arterial stiffness. In contrast, a growing number of human trials have produced evidence to support beneficial effects of both milk proteins and peptides on vascular health. However, comparison of the relative outcomes from these trials is difficult owing to variation in the forms of assessment and measures of vascular function. In conclusion, there is an accumulating body of evidence to support positive effects of milk proteins in improving and/or maintaining cardiovascular health. However, the variable quality of the studies that produced this evidence, and the lack of robust, randomised controlled intervention trials, undermines the formulation of firm conclusions on the potential benefits of milk proteins and peptides on vascular health.
Effect of high compared with low dairy intake on blood pressure in overweight middle-aged adults: results of a randomized crossover intervention study; Background: Observational studies suggest that high dairy intake is associated with a lower blood pressure (BP).
Yogurt and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Critical Review of Potential Mechanisms; Associations between yogurt intake and risk of diet-related cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs) have been the subject of recent research in epidemiologic nutrition. A healthy dietary pattern has been identified as a pillar for the prevention of weight gain and CMDs. Epidemiologic studies suggest that yogurt consumption is linked to healthy dietary patterns, lifestyles, and reduced risk of CMDs, particularly type 2 diabetes. However, to our knowledge, few to no randomized controlled trials have investigated yogurt intake in relation to cardiometabolic clinical outcomes. Furthermore, there has been little attempt to clarify the mechanisms that underlie the potential beneficial effects of yogurt consumption on CMDs. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense dairy food and has been suggested to reduce weight gain and prevent CMDs by contributing to intakes of protein, calcium, bioactive lipids, and several other micronutrients. In addition, fermentation with bacterial strains generates bioactive peptides, resulting in a potentially greater beneficial effect of yogurt on metabolic health than nonfermented dairy products such as milk. To date, there is little concrete evidence that the mechanisms proposed in observational studies to explain positive results of yogurt on CMDs or parameters are valid. Many proposed mechanisms are based on assumptions that commercial yogurts contain strain-specific probiotics, that viable yogurt cultures are present in adequate quantities, and that yogurt provides a minimum threshold dose of nutrients or bioactive components capable of exerting a physiologic effect. Therefore, the primary objective of this review is to investigate the plausibility of potential mechanisms commonly cited in the literature in order to shed light on the inverse associations reported between yogurt intake and various cardiometabolic health parameters that are related to its nutrient profile, bacterial constituents, and food matrix. This article reviews current gaps and challenges in identifying such mechanisms and provides a perspective on the research agenda to validate the proposed role of yogurt in protecting against CMDs.
Blood-pressure-lowering effect of a novel fermented milk containing γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in mild hypertensives; Objective: To study the effect of a new fermented milk product containing GABA (FMG) on the blood pressure (BP) of patients with mild hypertension.
Effects of long-term intervention with <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>helveticus</i>-fermented milk on bone mineral density and bone mineral content in growing rats; Background: Lactobacillus helveticus-fermented milk has been shown to increase calcium absorption compared to ordinary sour milk. In the present study the possible effect of L. helveticus-fermented milk on bone was studied in growing rats. Methods: Spontaneously hypertensive male rats, which develop an osteoporotic bone disorder with age, were randomized into 5 groups (n = 10) receiving milk fermented with L. helveticus 16H and, as reference drinks, milk fermented with L. helveticus and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, sour milk, skim milk or water, for 14 weeks. After the intervention bone mineral density and bone mineral content were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. The femur weight, length and volume were measured before ashing. From the ashes the weight and mineral content were assessed. Results: As the body weight gain differed significantly between the groups, the results were related to the body weight. The L. helveticus-fermented milk intervention significantly increased the bone mineral density and bone mineral content compared to the sour milk, skim milk and water interventions. The mean values of the bone mineral density and bone mineral content were higher in the L. helveticus-fermented milk group compared to the Saccharomyces-fermented milk group but the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: L. helveticus-fermented milk increases bone mineral density and bone mineral content in relation to body weight in the long-term feeding of growing rats. The mechanism of L. helveticus remains to be discovered. Copyright (C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effects of dry-cured ham rich in bioactive peptides on cardiovascular health: A randomized controlled trial; Establishing health effects of bioactive compounds from dry-cured meat is an active area of clinical research. The present study aims to investigate whether consuming dry-cured ham with biopeptides, among other bioactive compounds, modifies blood pressure (BP) and improves other risk factors for cardiovascular disease in humans. This two-arm, cross-over, randomised controlled trial involved 38 healthy subjects with pre-hypertension. Participants received 80 giday dry-cured pork ham or 100 g/day cooked ham (control product). A daily intake of 80 g dry-cured ham did not impair BP or 24 h sodium excretion. Total cholesterol, LDL and basal glucose levels dropped after dry-cured ham consumption (p = 0.00019, p = 0.021 and p = 0.014, respectively). Cooked ham did not affect any of the clinical and biochemical markers. Dry-cured ham components could exert a plethora of activities over the cardiovascular system including lipid and glucose metabolism. Additional studies are needed to confirm the effects of dry-cured meat biopeptides on diverse risk factors in pathological conditions. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Relationship of the Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and Its Main Components with CRP Levels in the Spanish Population; Background: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet seems to be inversely associated with C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration. A 14-point Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS) has been developed to assess dietary compliance. Objective: The aim of this study was to assess whether each of the MEDAS questions as well as their final score were associated with the levels of CRP in general Spanish population. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 1411 subjects (mean age 61 years, 43.0% males) randomly selected from the general population. CRP levels were determined by a commercial ELISA kit. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was measured by the 14-point MEDAS. Results: There was an inverse correlation between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the CRP concentration, even after adjusting by age, gender, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, body mass index, statin treatment and hypertension treatment (p = 0.041). Subjects who consume >= 2 servings of vegetables per day (p = 0.003), >= 3 pieces of fruit per day (p = 0.003), >= 1 serving of butter, margarine, or cream per day (p = 0.041) or >= 3 servings of fish/seafood per week (p = 0.058) had significantly lower levels of CRP. Conclusions: Adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet measured by a simple questionnaire is associated with lower CRP concentration. However, this association seems to be particularly related to a higher consumption of vegetables, fruits, dairy products, and fish.
Urinary Lithogenic Risk Profile in Recurrent Stone Formers With Hyperoxaluria: A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension)-Style and Low-Oxalate Diets; Background: Patients with nephrolithiasis and hyperoxaluria generally are advised to follow a low-oxalate diet. However, most people do not eat isolated nutrients, but meals consisting of a variety of foods with complex combinations of nutrients. A more rational approach to nephrolithiasis prevention would be to base dietary advice on the cumulative effects of foods and different dietary patterns rather than single nutrients.
Impact of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> TENSIA in different dairy products on anthropometric and blood biochemical indices of healthy adults; The blood pressure-lowering effect of dairy products holds the potential to decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). An open question is if the successful expression of functional properties of the probiotic strain depends on host biomarkers and/or food matrix properties. The probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum strain TENSIA (R) (DSM 21380) is a novel microorganism with antimicrobial and antihypertensive functional properties. The aim of this study was to characterise the functional properties of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA and compare its effects on host anthropometric, clinical, and blood biomarkers when consumed with cheese or yoghurt. This study involved two double-blinded randomised placebo-controlled exploratory trials (ISRCTN15061552 and ISRCTN79645828) of healthy adults over a three-week period. The three-week consumption of probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA in a daily dose of 1x10(10) cfu in probiotic cheese or a daily dose of 6x10(9) cfu in yoghurt with different content of carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids did not significantly change the body mass index (BMI), plasma glucose and lipid levels, or inflammatory markers in the blood. Reduced lowered systolic and diastolic blood pressure values were detected, regardless of food matrix or baseline values for blood pressure and BMI. In conclusion, our study showed that three-week consumption of the probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA either in cheese or yoghurt lowered diastolic and systolic blood pressure regardless of food matrix and baseline values of blood pressure and BMI, confirming the impact of the functional properties of the probiotic strain in decreasing CVD risk.
Effect of soy protein and isoflavones on blood pressure and endothelial cytokines: a 6-month randomized controlled trial among postmenopausal women; Background: Despite data from animal models and observational studies that are generally supportive for the soy/isoflavones lowering blood pressure (BP) and improving vascular function, the current findings from clinical trials are still inconclusive.
Gut mucosal and adipose tissues as health targets of the immunomodulatory mechanisms of probiotics; Background: Immune balance and homeostasis at mucosal surfaces is a delicate process which could be modulated within the gut by introduced or resident probiotics. Consumption of probiotics is meant to augment the normal intestinal probiotic microbes in a commensal or symbiotic relationship via cellular and humoral immunomodulation, tissue-mediated resistance of pathogenic colonization, improvement of mucosal barrier integrity, and interaction with microbiota.
Development and characterization of herbal Kulfi (Ice Cream) using Tulsi, Ginger, and Clove; Herbs and spices are used for imparting flavor, the aroma of the products and also possess various therapeutic properties like anti-stress, anti-hypertensive, anti-tumor, antioxidant, anti-microbial, and anti-inflammatory properties. The present study was aimed to develop herbal kulfi using tulsi paste, ginger juice, and clove extract and the effects of the addition of herbs on its compositional, physicochemical properties, nutritional parameters, sensory attributes, and microbial quality. Initial trials were conducted to adjudge the most acceptable levels using tulsi paste (2.5%, 5.0% and 7.5%), ginger juice (2.0%, 3.0% and 4.0%) and clove extract (2.0%, 3.0% and 4.0%). An optimized herbal kulfi was developed using 2.5% tulsi paste, 2.0% ginger juice, and 4.0% clove extract. The kulfi prepared without any addition of tulsi, ginger, and clove was treated as control. The optimized herbal kulfi reported a fat content of 12.0%, protein 3.53 %, total solids 42.80%, ash 1.0233%, carbohydrate 23.04%. The developed herbal kulfi reported 10.01% anti-oxidant activity and total phenolic content of 56.96 mg GAE/100g. The products possess a good level of anti-oxidant and total phenolic content. The herbal kulfi conforms to the FSSA requirements for 'kulfi'. The standard plate count was found 3.85 cfu/g. The yeast and mold and coliform count were absent in the product as per FSSA standard.
The efficacy of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of <i>Alhagi maurorum</i>) combination therapy on glomerular filtration rate in patients with chronic kidney disease: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: This study was designed to investigate the effect of camel milk and Tarangabin (manna of Alhagi maurorum) combination therapy in addition to conventional treatments in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD).
Long-term efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in medical monotherapy of complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas; Purpose: To study the long-term efficacy and safety of local application of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Methods: A retrospective, non-comparative study in biopsy-proven, complex (involving canthi or >50% of eyelid length) eyelid BCC patients who were medically unfit for surgical procedures. All patients were medically treated with either of the creams using fixed-dose regimens for a minimum of 3 months. All received oral vitamin C 500 mg QID for 3 months as an adjunct for collagen healing. A minimum of "post-treatment" follow-up of 12 months was observed. Results: Of total 30 patients, imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% were used in 16 and 14 patients, respectively. The mean age of our patients was 70.5 years. The co-morbidities included - severe coronary artery disease using blood-thinners (n = 19), poorly controlled diabetes (n = 12), poorly controlled hypertension (n = 6), on nebulization (n = 3), and tuberculosis with pulmonary fibrosis (n = 2). Complete clinical tumor resolution was noted in 10 and 8 patients over 12 and 16.5 weeks, respectively, in imiquimod and fluorouracil groups. Periocular skin erythema, chemical conjunctivitis, and skin depigmentation were seen in all the patients of imiquimod group. On the other hand, the local side-effect profile in fluorouracil patients was limited. Conclusion: The medical treatment of complex eyelid BCC is a useful alternative to surgery in the elderly with significant co-morbidities. It provides a promising long-term relief with a tolerable side-effect profile. A prospective, randomized, double-blinded trial would provide stronger evidence for the efficacy of these drugs.
Effect of powdered fermented milk with <i>Lactobacillus</i> <i>helveticus</i> on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension; Objective: Two tripeptides (Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro) that have inhibitory activities for angiotensin I-converting enzyme are produced in milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus. In this study we evaluated the effect and safety of powdered fermented milk with L. helveticus CM4 on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension.
Estimation and Prediction of Avoidable Health Care Costs of Cardiovascular Diseases and Type 2 Diabetes Through Adequate Dairy Food Consumption: A Systematic Review and Micro Simulation Modeling Study; Background: Recent evidence from prospective cohort studies show a relationship between consumption of dairy foods and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This association highlights the importance of dairy foods consumption in prevention of these diseases and also reduction of associated healthcare costs. The aim of this study was to estimate avoidable healthcare costs of CVD and T2D through adequate dairy foods consumption in Iran.
Dairy products and metabolic syndrome among Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program; The associations between frequency of low fat, high fat and total dairy consumption and metabolic syndrome (MS) occurrence were determined. In a cross-sectional survey, 9660 randomly chosen adults aged >= 19 years were selected in three districts of central Iran in 2007. Nutrition behaviours were assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric, blood pressure and biochemical measurement were collected. This study showed that the total dairy intake was inversely related to MS occurrence after full adjustment [odds ratio (95% confidence interval) 0.84 (0.70-0.96); P = 0.04]. However, there were no significant associations between low and high fat dairy and the occurrence of MS after full adjustment. Total dairy intake had an inverse association with systolic blood pressure, waist circumference and triglyceride and positive relationship with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Further well-designed randomised clinical trials on the effect of a variety of dairy products on MS need to be conducted. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET); Adamsson V, Reumark A, Fredriksson I-B, Hammarstrom E, Vessby B, Johansson G, Riserus U (Uppsala University, Uppsala; Lantmannen R&D, Stockholm; Bollnas Heart Clinic, Mitt Hjarta, Bollnas; Halmstad University, Halmstad, Sweden). Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET). J Intern Med 2011; 269: 150-159.
Does gamma-aminobutyric acid have a potential role on the antihypertensive effect of fermented milk with <i>Lactococcus lactis</i> NRRL B-50571?; Gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) may be generated during milk fermentation, and this metabolite may have antihypertensive effect in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). We determined the potential role of GABA on the antihypertensive effect of the water-soluble extract obtained from fermented milk with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 (WSE-FM). First, GABA concentration from WSE-FM was analyzed. Then, 21 SHR were randomized in three groups (n = 7); to either receive: WSE-FM, WSE-FM + saclofen (GABA(B) antagonist receptor), or water (negative control). Blood pressure was monitored for 2 h post-oral administration. Results indicated that GABA concentration in WSE-FM was 111.4 +/- 10.6 mg/100 g. Furthermore, groups receiving WSE-FM or WSE-FM + saclofen, had the same antihypertensive effect. Since GABAB receptors were blocked with saclofen, the antihypertensive effect may not be attributed to GABA present in fermented milk. Henceforth, the effect may be attributed to other components present in the WSE-FM.
CARDIOVASCULAR ACTIVITY OF MILK CASEIN-DERIVED TRIPEPTIDES AND PLANT STEROLS IN SPONTANEOUSLY HYPERTENSIVE RATS; The effect of chronic treatment with fermented milk products containing bioactive tripeptides and plant sterols on blood pressure and vascular function was investigated in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Six-weeks old male SHR (n=36) were randomized into 4 groups by body weight and blood pressure to receive either Lactobacillus helveticus fermented standard milk product (Containing tripeptides Ile-Pro-Pro, Val-Pro-Pro and Leu-Pro-Pro), test product With enzymatically produced tripeptides without or with plant sterols or control product without the active constituents for 8 weeks. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) was measured weekly using the tail-cuff method. Thoracic aorta and mesenteric artery were excised for vascular response measurements. At the end, SBP values vs. control product group were: standard product group -14 mmHg (P<0.05), test product group -12 mmHg and test product +sterols group -7 mmHg. The average daily tripeptide dose was 2.8-5.2 mg/kg. Total serum cholesterol in the test product +sterols group tended to be lower than in the test product group (P=0.10) whereas serum plant sterol (campesterol, sitosterol) concentrations were higher (P<0.001). In conclusion, bioactive tripeptide-containing milk products attenuated the blood pressure development in SHR. The plant sterols did not improve this effect. Vascular responses did not markedly differ between the groups, except that endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor (EDHF)-related aortic relaxation was demonstrated in the test product +sterols group.
A high protein low glycemic index diet has no adverse effect on blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity: a secondary data analysis of a randomized clinical trial; ObjectivesThe objective of this analysis was to evaluate the effect of a diet rich in animal protein and low in glycemic index on blood pressure during pregnancy.DesignThis post hoc, secondary data analysis of a randomized controlled trial, evaluated blood pressure in pregnant participants who were randomized either to an ad libitum diet with high protein and low glycemic index, rich in dairy and seafood, or an ad libitum control diet according to national recommendations.SettingThe study occurred in pregnant women in Copenhagen, Denmark.SampleA total of 279 pregnant females with overweight or obesity were enrolled.Methods and outcome measureBlood pressure was measured at 5 timepoints during pregnancy from gestational week 15 through week 36, and blood pressure between groups was compared.ResultsThere were no differences between diet arms in systolic or diastolic blood pressure over time. There were also no differences in most blood-pressure-related pregnancy complications, including the prevalence of premature birth, preeclampsia, or hypertension, but the frequency of total cesarean sections was lower in the active than the control group (16 out of 104 vs. 30 out of 104) (p = 0.02).ConclusionIncreased animal protein intake was not associated with changes in blood pressure in pregnant women with overweight or obesity.Clinical trial registration[ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT01894139].
Overcoming the barrier of lactose intolerance to reduce health disparities; Federal health goals for the public have focused on reducing health disparities that exist between whites and various racial and ethnic groups. Many of the chronic diseases for which African Americans are at greater risk-hypertension, stroke, colon cancer, and obesity-may be exacerbated by a low intake of calcium and/or other dairy-related nutrients. For example, a low intake of dairy food nutrients, such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium, may contribute to the high risk of hypertension seen in African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that a low-fat diet rich in fruits and vegetables (8 to 10 servings) and low-fat dairy foods (3 servings) significantly reduced blood pressure-and was twice as effective in African-American participants. Calcium and dairy food consumption is particularly low among African-American, Hispanic. and Asian populations. Average intakes are near the threshold of 600 to 700 mg/day, below which bone loss and hypertension can result. Although lactose intolerance may be partly to blame for the low calcium intakes due to reduced dairy food consumption by minority populations, culturally determined food preferences and dietary practices learned early in life also play a role. The high incidence figures for primary lactose maldigestion among minority groups grossly overestimates the number who will experience intolerance symptoms after drinking a glass of milk with a meal. Randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that by using a few simple dietary strategies, those who maldigest lactose (have low levels of the lactose enzyme) can easily tolerate a dairy-rich diet that meets calcium intake recommendations. Physicians and other health professionals can help their minority patients and the general public understand how to improve calcium nutrition by overcoming the surmountable barrier of lactose intolerance. At the some time they will be helping to reduce the incidence of calcium-related chronic diseases for which minority populations are at high risk.
Association of higher saturated fat intake with higher risk of hypertension in an urban population of Trivandrum in South India; Saturated fat intake appears to be a risk factor of insulin resistance which is important in the pathogenesis of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study aims to demonstrate whether saturated fat intake may be a risk factor of hypertension. Cross-sectional survey in six randomly selected streets in Trivandrum city in south India was conducted to study 1497 randomly selected subjects (737 males and 760 females) of 25-64 years of age. The prevalence of hypertension by Joint National Committee V criteria (>140/90) were 34.6% (n=255) in males and 30.7% (n=234) in females. The consumption of food groups showed that they were within desirable limits. However, the intake of fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts was lower and saturated fat intake higher (>10% kcal/day), although total fat intake was within desirable limits. Total and saturated fat intake, and the consumption of coconut oil and butter, flesh foods, milk and yogurt as well as sugar and jaggery were significantly associated with hypertension. Total visible fat (>20 g/day) intake was positively associated whereas fruit, vegetable, legume and coconut intake (<400 g/day) was inversely associated with hypertension. Salt intake (>8 g/day), smoking and illiteracy were not associated with hypertension. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that saturated fat intake, age and body mass index were independently and strongly associated with hypertension whereas fruits, vegetable, legume and coconuts, coconut oil and butter and alcohol (males) intakes were weakly associated with hypertension. The odds ratio indicate higher risk of hypertension due to higher intake of saturated fat in both sexes (men: odds ratio, 1.07, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.09; women, 1.08, 1.06-1.12, P<0.01). Significant determinants df hypertension were higher saturated fat, particularly coconut oil, and lower fruit, vegetable, legume and coconuts, particularly legumes and coconuts in the diet, apart from conventional risk factors. Copyright (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Mechanistic Pathways Underlying the Antihypertensive Effect of Fermented Milk with <i>Lactococcus lactis</i> NRRL B-50571 in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats; It has been reported that fermented milk (FM) with Lactococcus lactis NRRL B-50571 had an antihypertensive effect in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and prehypertensive subjects. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to evaluate the possible mechanisms involved (angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition (ACEI), enhancement of nitric oxide production, antioxidant activity and opioid effect), in the antihypertensive effect of FM with SHR. First, twenty one SHR were randomized into three groups to either receive in a single-oral dose of purified water (negative control), FM, or naloxone (opioid receptor antagonist) + FM. In a parallel study, twenty seven SHR were randomized into three groups to either receive ad libitum purified water (negative control), Captopril or FM. After six weeks of treatment ACEI activity, enhancement of nitric oxide production, and antioxidant activity were evaluated in plasma. Results indicated that opioid receptors were not involved in the hypotensive effect of FM. However, ACEI activity (94 U/L), the oxidative stress index (malondialdehyde/catalase + glutathione peroxidase) 0.9, and nitric oxide in plasma (4.4 +/- 1.3 U/L), were significantly different from the negative control, and not significantly different from the Captopril group. Thus, these results suggested that these mechanisms are involved in the hypotensive effect of FM.
Comparison of the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet with usual dietary advice on expression of peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor gamma gene in women: A randomized controlled clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) which controls body weight, glucose homeostasis, and adipocyte differentiation is a valuable candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). The present study aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and usual dietary advice (UDA) on PPAR-gamma gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Comparing of the effects of sesame oil and rapeseed oil versus suet oil and animal butter on the reproductive system of male rats; Background The aim of this study was to compare the effect of vegetable oils and animal oils on the reproductive system of male rats. Methods This study was a random and observational study conducted on 36 male rats with the age of 6 weeks weighing 200 +/- 20 grams. Different groups were fed by sesame oil, suet oil, rapeseed oil and animal butter. The control group was fed by standard food used normally to feed animals in the laboratories. At the end of six weeks, testosterone level changes and weight changes were compared among different groups. Data were analyzed by SPSS-IBM version 16. Result Weight changes among groups did not show a dramatic statistical difference (P = .571 > 0.005). Average weight in control group was 202 and about the male rats fed by 10% of animal butter and by sesame oil were 206.5 and 99, respectively. Weight changes among groups were significant (P value = 0.005 > 0.0004). The average testosterone level in the control group was 2.4. This value in the different groups fed by 10% oils, the maximum was 12.2 and the minimum was 1.35 assigned to animal butter and rapeseed oil, respectively. So we concluded that using 10% of different oils causes an increase in testosterone level (P value = 0.001 > 0.05). The maximum testosterone level was 3.6 in the rapeseed 20% group and lowest 0.45 in the sesame 20% group. Conclusion We found that animal oil-containing diet has no significant harmful effect on male rat reproductive system in comparison with plant oils.
Efficacy of Mrudu Samvahana (Forehead Massage) over Takra Dhara (Buttermilk Dripping Therapy) in Anxiety and Stress Induced Essential Hypertension - A Randomized Clinical Trial; Blood pressure level measuring above 140/90 mm of Hg is termed as hypertension. Hypertension is associated with various risk factors and also is mainly responsible for mortality in industrialized countries. The treatment for hypertension in modern science is palliative in nature. Many of these, along with its effectiveness in controlling the blood pressure, cause adverse side effects; hence the need for the hour is an alternate therapy with no potential side effects. Ayurveda has potential medicines to alleviate hypertension without causing any side effects. The study was to evaluate clinical efficacy of two Ayurveda procedures Mrudu Samvahana and Takradhaara in essential hypertension. The study included a total of 40 patients, attending the Outpatient department of KLE Ayurveda hospital, randomized into Group A and Group B of 20 each. The patients in group A received Mrudu samvaahana with Murchita tila taila which was performed 20 minutes per day for 7 days. The patients in group B received Takra dhara with Amalaki siddha takra which was performed 40 minutes per day for 7 days. Statistical analysis revealed that both groups Mrudu Samvahana and Takradhara showed significant (P< 0.0001) results determined by unpaired T test in objective parameters. Between the group assessment. revealed that Takra dhara has shown better results compared to mrudu samvahana in reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure. (P<0.0048).
Low dairy calcium intake is associated with overweight and elevated blood pressure in Polish adults, notably in premenopausal women; Objective: Dietary Ca is now being recognized to play an important role not only in skeletal integrity, but also in the regulation of energy and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to estimate the relationship of dairy Ca intake with BMI and blood pressure (BP) in a sample derived from the Polish population.
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension influence on insulin receptor substrate-lgene expression: A randomized controlled clinical trial; Background: Insulin receptor substrate (IRS) Type 1 is a main substrate for the insulin receptor, controls insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, adipose tissue, and the vascular, so it is an important candidate gene for insulin resistance (IR). We aimed to compare the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Usual Dietary Advices (UDA) on IRS1 gene expression in women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Materials and Methods: A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed in 44 women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Participants were randomly assigned to a UDA diet or the DASH diet. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The UDA diet was a regular diet with healthy dietary advice. Gene expression was assessed by the real-time polymerase chain reaction at the first of study and after 12 weeks. Independent sample t-test and paired-samples t-test were used to compare means of all variables within and between two groups respectively. Results: IRS1 gene expression was increased in DASH group compared with UDA diet (P = 0.00). Weight and waist circumference decreased in DASH group significantly compared to the UDA group (P < 0.05) but the results between the two groups showed no significant difference. Conclusion: DASH diet increased IRS1 gene expression and probably has beneficial effects on IR risks.
Whey protein lowers systolic blood pressure and Ca-caseinate reduces serum TAG after a high-fat meal in mildly hypertensive adults; Epidemiological studies show an inverse association between dairy consumption and blood pressure (BP) but there are few data on the postprandial effects of milk proteins. This study examined their effects, compared to maltodextrin, on postprandial BP and other CVD risk markers in volunteers with mild and pre-hypertension over an 8 h period. In this double-blinded, randomised, cross-over, controlled study 27 adults ingested a high-fat, isoenergetic breakfast and lunch with 28 g whey protein, 28 g Ca-caseinate or 27 g maltodextrin. Whey protein reduced systolic BP compared with Ca-caseinate (-15.2 +/- 13.6 mmHg) and maltodextrin (-23.4 +/- 10.5 mmHg) up to 5 h post-ingestion. There was an improvement in arterial stiffness after whey protein compared with maltodextrin (incremental Area Under the Curve-iAUC(0-8h): + 14.4 +/- 6.2%). Despite similar glucose levels after both whey protein and Ca-caseinate, whey protein induced a higher insulin response than Ca-caseinate (iAUC(0-8h): + 219.5 +/- 54.6 pmol/L). Ca-caseinate induced less suppression of non-esterified fatty acids than whey protein (iAUC(0-5h): -58.9 +/- 135.5 mu mol/L) and maltodextrin (iAUC(0-5h): -106.9 +/- 89.4 mu mol/L) and induced a smaller postprandial triacylglycerol response than whey protein (iAUC(0-8h): -1.68 +/- 0.6 mmol/L). Milk proteins co-ingestion with high-fat meals may have the potential to maintain or improve CVD risk factors.
Effects of Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet on androgens, antioxidant status and body composition in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPolycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disease in reproductive age women. The present study aimed to determine the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on reproductive hormones, plasma total antioxidant status and anthropometric indices in overweight and obese PCOS women.
Is the Indian Dietary Pattern Associated WithType 2 Diabetes? A Pan-India Randomized Cluster Sample Study; Background: Diabetes is associated strongly with many neurodegenerative diseases and is also a lifestyle disorder. A good glycemic status depends on diet management and physical activity. There are several studies available on the relationship between diet habits and impact on diabetes. Purpose: The objective of this study was to check the association of different dietary factors with glucose levels and lipid values in type 2 diabetes from a part of a large nationwide trial. Methods: This was the data fromapan-India multicentered cluster randomized controlled study covering 60 states and 4 union territories; 17,285 individuals were surveyed for dietary factors. Amongst them, data of 12,500 individuals were analyzed.Males were 54% and 60% individuals were from urban areas. Results: The analysis of the results showed that consumption (usual/often) of milk(odds ratio, OR = 7.180), meat (OR = 6.81), less fiber (OR = 17.77), and less fruits (OR = 14.71) was strongly and positively associated with fasting blood glucose (P<.001). The postprandial blood glucose (PPBG) in diabetes individuals also had a strong positive association (P<.001) with consumption (usual/often) of meat (OR = 22.82) and milk (OR = 17.19). In prediabetes individuals, milk was significantly (P<.001) associated with fasting blood glucose (OR = 2.74). In nondiabetes individuals also, milk was significantly associated with postprandial blood glucose (OR = 2.56). Consumption of meat was associated with high cholesterol (OR = 1.465). Consumption of junk food was associated significantly (P )with the status of known diabetes (OR = 1.345) and known hypertension (OR = 1.247). Conclusion: Consumption of milk, meat, less vegetables, less fruits, and junk food has a significant effect on the glycemic status and cholesterol levels, and also on the status of known diabetes and hypertension.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Self-Reported Hypertension among Brazilian Adults: A Cross-Sectional Population-Based Study; Hypertension is a prevalent cardiovascular disease, the important modifiable risk factor of which is diet. The aim of this study was to derive dietary patterns and to test associations with self-reported hypertension and other characteristics, namely demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors. Data were obtained from the population-based cross-sectional study titled Health Survey of the City of Sao Paulo, with a random sample of residents of the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, aged older than 20 years of both sexes (n=1,102). In 2008, a structured questionnaire with information about socioeconomic, anthropometric, lifestyle, and dietary factors was applied. Dietary intake was estimated by two 24-hour dietary recalls, adjusted by Multiple Source Method. Dietary patterns were obtained through exploratory principal component factor analysis. Poisson regression was used to assess relationships. Three dietary patterns were identified: prudent.(fruits, vegetables, whole-grain bread, white cheeses, juices, reduced-fat milk/nonfat milk), traditional (rice, beans, bread/toast/crackers, butter/margarine, whole milk, coffee/teas, sugar), and modern (sodas, pastries/sandwiches/pizzas, yellow cheeses, pastas, sauces, alcoholic beverages, sweets, processed meats). Hypertension and demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, as well as the presence of health insurance, were associated with adherence to one or more identified dietary patterns. These results suggest the existence of a target audience for planning and executing public policies of food and nutrition to prevent and control hypertension.
The effect of <i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented milk on acute changes in calcium metabolism in postmenopausal women; Background:. Milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus (L. helveticus) has been shown to lower blood pressure and to increase bone mineral content in spontaneously hypertensive rats. The effect of L.helveticus may be due to better calcium availability. Aim of the study:. In the present study the effect of milk fermented with L. helveticus on acute changes in calcium metabolism and bone resorption in postmenopausal women was studied. Methods:. The study was performed as a randomised double-blind crossover study of 20 postmenopausal women (mean age 65, range 50-78). The study was carried out in two parts. Firstly, L. helveticus fermented milk was compared to a control milk. Secondly, juice containing peptides formed with L. helveticus bacteria was compared to a control juice. The acute effect on calcium metabolism was measured during the study day by serum ionised calcium (iCa), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium (Ca), phosphate (P), and urinary calcium. A direct marker of bone turnover, carboxyterminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), was measured from the serum. Results:. L. helveticus fermented milk reduced serum PTH (405.3 +/- 37 ng/l vs. 454.9 +/- 37, p = 0.012) and increased serum calcium (19.1 +/- 0.2 mmol/l vs. 18.8 +/- 0.2, p = 0.031) compared to the control milk. L. helveticus derived peptides had no significant acute effect on calcium metabolism, in fact, ionised calcium was lower and PTH higher after the juice containing peptides compared to the control juice. Conclusions:. Fermentation of milk with Lactobacillus helveticus had a positive acute effect on calcium metabolism. This effect was not explained by the small peptides formed by L. helveticus.
Human <i>in vivo</i> study of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system and the sympathetic activity after 8 weeks daily intake of fermented milk; P>Objective:
Effect of increased calcium consumption from fat-free milk in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome and cardiometabolic outcomes in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomised cross-over clinical trial; We investigated the effects of high-Ca fat-free milk phase (MD) (prescription of approximately 1500 mg of Ca/d) v. low-Ca phase (CD) (prescription of approximately 800 mg of Ca/d) in an energy-restricted diet on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiometabolic measures in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and low habitual Ca consumption (<600 mg/d). In this randomised cross-over design, fourteen adults with T2DM (49.5 (SD 8.6) years, BMI 29.4 (SD 4.5) kg/m(2)) consumed either MD or CD for 12 weeks, with a washout of 18 weeks between phases. A breakfast shake containing 700 mg (MD) or 6.4 mg (CD) of Ca was consumed in the laboratory. In addition, energy-restricted diets were prescribed (800 mg of dietary Ca/d). Waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose, fasting TAG, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), fasting total cholesterol, fasting LDL-cholesterol, fasting HDL-cholesterol, HDL:LDL ratio, HDL: TAG ratio and lipid accumulation product (LAP) index were assessed at baseline and after each phase. Ca consumption during the study was equivalent to 1200 mg/d during MD and 525 mg/d during CD. There was a greater reduction in WC, SBP, DBP and LAP index after MD compared with CD. HDL: LDL ratio increased and total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, SBP, DBP and LAP index decreased only in MD. The consumption of approximately 1200 mg of Ca/d (700 mg from fat-free milk + 500 mg from other dietary sources) associated with an energy-restricted diet decreased some of the MetS components and cardiometabolic measures in adults with T2DM.
Relationship between blood pressure and physical activity in adults 20 to 65 years old; A healthy diet, physically active lifestyle and maintaining normal weight constitute the cornerstones of prevention of several chronic diseases. The objective of this study is to determine the relationship between physical activity, Consumption of fruits and vegetables, high blood pressure. In this descriptive-analytical study, 1452 citizens (744 men and 708 women) in Sabzevar (Khorasan Razavi Province) aged between 20 to 65 years old were randomly selected in 2016. The population completed the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ) and their systolic and diastolic blood pressure was measured using a Digital Blood Pressure Monitor. Details of the nutritional status of the subjects under sex. SPSS software was used to analyze data. In the present study, the dairy consumption of the majority of people (48.1%) had a share of dairy consumption per day (milk and yogurt, cheese, cream and cheese), and 46.9% of the subjects were less than one share per day Dairy products. This study revealed that the level of physical activity is low in 46.2% of men and 44.2% of women that is less than 600 MET per week. In addition, 0.059% of the total population suffered from systolic blood pressure above 140 mm Hg and 10% of the total population had a diastolic blood pressure above 90 mm Hg.
Efficacy of Probiotics in Patients of Cardiovascular Disease Risk: a Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on outcomes associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors (high blood pressure, overweight BMI, high cholesterol and triglycerides, elevated HbA1c and serum glucose). All randomised controlled trials publish on PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Grey Literature and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) from 1990 to 2020 were systematically searched. The PEDro scale was used to assess the quality of studies. A total of 34 studies with 2177 adults were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were analysed for the pooled results. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found in the reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, LDL-C, serum glucose, HbA1C and BMI; and elevation of HDL-C. No significant changes were observed in the outcome of triglycerides. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on the treatment of risk factors, with results favouring longer duration of treatment (> 1.5 months), use of alternate formulations (kefir and powder), higher dosage of probiotics (> 1.0 x 10(9) CFU), lower rate of study attrition (< 15%), double blinding of the study, diabetic patients and female populations. In summary, our meta-analysis showed a highly significant reduction in SBP, DBP associated with type 2 diabetes and in patients with diabetes mellitus, milk intake and more than 1.5 months duration intake. The effect on the reduction of total cholesterol LDL-C was associated with diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, yoghurt intake and less than 1.5 months probiotic intake. The effect on the reduction of glucose and HbA1c was associated with diabetes, small dosage of probiotics, milk type and less than 1.5 months duration intake. Additionally, probiotic supplement had a beneficial effect in reducing BMI associated with obesity, higher dosage intake of probiotics and more than 1.5 months duration of intake.
EFFECT OF DIETARY FATS AND CARBOHYDRATE ON BLOOD-PRESSURE OF MILDLY HYPERTENSIVE PATIENTS; The effect on blood pressure (BP) of replacing dietary saturated fat with either polyunsaturated fat (linoleic acid) or carbohydrate was studied in 21 untreated mildly hypertensive patients. In a randomized, double-blind, crossover protocol, all subjects received dietary supplements of cream, safflower oil, and carbohydrate in random sequence, each prepared in flavored yogurt or milk. Each supplement was administered for 6 weeks and followed by a 4-week washout period of no supplementation.  Dietary linoleic acid increased from 4.6 to 13% of energy intake when the safflower oil replaced cream, while saturated fat decreased from 16 to 10%. Total fat intake was 37 to 38% during the cream and safflower oil periods but was 28% during the carbohydrate period. Compliance with the diets was demonstrated by significant changes in fasting plasma fatty acid measurements. Mean clinic BP was 135 .+-. 9/93 .+-. 6 mm Hg at baseline. There were no significant differences in BP measured in the clinic  or at home among the three dietary periods. The protocol had more than 80% power to detect a mean effect of diet of 3 mm Hg systolic or 2 mm Hg diastolic BP. Therefore, replacing dietary saturated fat with carbohydrate or with linoleic acid does not affect BP in subjects with mild hypertension.
The efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition-a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Some mothers may seek lactation inhibition on personal, social, or medical grounds. The common drug used for lactation inhibition is cabergoline. Several adverse effects and contraindications are known for this drug. Its use is contraindicated for patients with hypertensive disorders and fibrotic, cardiac, or hepatic diseases. In addition, pyridoxine (vitamin B6) has been used for this indication, with no significant adverse effect, following studies that demonstrated its efficacy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the efficiency of cabergoline vs pyridoxine for lactation inhibition. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Postpartum patients who requested lactation inhibition were randomly allocated to receive either cabergoline (1 mg once on postpartum day 1 or divided to 0.25 mg twice a day for 2 days thereafter, according to the departmental protocol, which is in line with the manufacturer recommendations) or pyridoxine (200 mg 3 times a day for 7 days). The patients enrolled were free of diseases in which contraindications to cabergoline are present. All patients completed a questionnaire for assessing breast engorgement, breast pain, and milk leakage on a scale of 0 (no symptom) to 5 (severe symptom) on days 0, 2, 7, and 14. The primary outcome was lactation inhibition success, defined as a score of 0 for both engorgement and pain on day 7. The secondary outcomes included the assessment of milk leakage, adverse effects, fever, mastitis, and treatment discontinuation or alteration. RESULTS: Of note, 45 and 43 patients received cabergoline or pyridoxine, respectively, and were included in the analysis following the intention -to -treat principle. Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation at day 7 (78% vs 35%, respectively; P<.0001). Mild symptoms, defined as a score of 0 to 2 for breast engorgement and pain, at day 7 were 40 (89%) in the cabergoline group and 29 (67%) in the pyridoxine group ( P=.01). The incidence of milk leakage was lower in the cabergoline group after 7 and 14 days than in the pyridoxine group (9% vs 42% [ P=.0003] and 11% vs 31% [ P=.02], respectively). Cabergoline had more adverse effects than pyridoxine (31% vs 9%, respectively; P=.01), but all adverse effects were mild. The rates of mastitis and fever that were related to engorgement were similar in the cabergoline and pyridoxine groups (4 [9%] vs 2 [5%], respectively; P=.67). Furthermore, 9 patients (21%) in the pyridoxine group switched to or added cabergoline because of treatment failure. Accordingly, on day 7, the pyridoxine success rate was reduced from 35% (15 women) to 28% (12 women) and from 67% (29 women) to 53% (23 women) for a score of 0 and 0 to 2 for both engorgement and pain, respectively. CONCLUSION: Cabergoline was superior to pyridoxine in inhibiting lactation. Cabergoline had more adverse effects, but no major adverse effect was documented in either treatment group. As pyridoxine inhibited lactation successfully in previous studies and in 67% of patients in this study, its use should be considered in women with contraindications for cabergoline.
The effect of vitamins and minerals enriched milk on blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects; In a randomized controlled study, we found no effect of a dairy drink containing additional amounts of potassium, calcium, magnesium, selenium and vitamins C and E on blood pressure (BP). The results of this study confirm the discrepancy between dietary intervention studies showing reasonable BP lowering effects and intervention studies with a combination of minerals or vitamins showing no effect. Future studies should focus on assessing the effect of subsets of combinations of minerals and vitamins in natural matrices to get a better understanding of the possible antagonistic action between some of these ingredients.
New insights into the effects on blood pressure of diets low in salt and high in fruits and vegetables and low-fat dairy products; Results from the recent Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium trial provide the latest evidence concerning the effects of dietary patterns and sodium intake on blood pressure. Participants ate either the DASH diet (high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated and total fat) or a typical US diet. Within each diet arm, participants ate higher, intermediate, and lower sodium levels, each for 30 days. The results indicated lower blood pressure with lower sodium intake for both diet groups. Although some critics would argue otherwise, these findings provide important new evidence for the value of the DASH diet and sodium reduction in controlling blood pressure.
Milk Products Containing Bioactive Tripeptides Have an Antihypertensive Effect in Double Transgenic Rats (dTGR) Harbouring Human Renin and Human Angiotensinogen Genes; Tripeptides isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valyl-prolyl-proline (VPP) act as ACE inhibitors in vitro. Double transgenic rats (dTGR) harbouring human renin and human angiotensinogen genes develop malignant hypertension due to increased angiotensin II formation. The present study was aimed to evaluate possible antihypertensive effect of IPP and VPP in this severe model. Four-week- old dTGR were randomized in three groups to receive: (1) water (control), (2) fermented milk containing IPP and VPP, and (3) IPP and VPP dissolved in water for three weeks. Fermented milk, but not peptides in water, attenuated the development of hypertension in dTGR by 19 mm Hg versus the control group (P = .023). In vitro vascular function tests showed that high concentrations of the peptides evinced ACE inhibitory properties. In other hypertension related variables, no significant differences between the treatment groups were found. In conclusion, fermented milk product containing IPP and VPP prevents development of malignant hypertension in an animal model.
Baseline diet modifies the effects of dietary change; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating pattern has been shown to reduce blood pressure (BP) in previous clinical trials. In the PREMIER study, an established behavioural intervention, with or without DASH, promoted greater weight loss than an advice-only control group, but effects of the DASH intervention on BP were weaker. In these analyses, PREMIER data were used to evaluate whether change in dairy product or fruit and vegetable (FV) intake during the first six intervention months impacted changes in weight and/or BP. Study participants were classified as having low or high intakes of dairy products (v. >= 1 center dot 5 servings/d) and FV (v. >= 5 servings/d) at baseline and 6 months. For dairy products, in particular, participants with higher baseline intakes tended to decrease their intakes during the intervention. In these analyses, subjects consuming <1 center dot 5 dairy servings/d at baseline whose intake increased during the intervention lost more weight than those whose intake decreased or remained low throughout (10 center dot 6 v. 7 center dot 0 pounds (4 center dot 8 v. 3 center dot 2 kg) lost, respectively, P = 0 center dot 002). The same was true for FV intake (11 center dot 0 v. 5 center dot 9 pounds (5 center dot 0 v. 2 center dot 7 kg) lost, P < 0 center dot 001). We also found synergistic effects of dairy products and FV on weight loss and BP reduction. Specifically, subjects who increased their intakes of dairy products and also consumed >= 5 servings of FV/d lost more weight and had greater reductions in BP than other groups; in addition, higher FV intakes had the greatest benefit to BP among those consuming more dairy products. These results provide evidence that the DASH pattern was most beneficial to individuals whose baseline diet was less consistent with DASH.
Community-based education classes for hypertension control - A 1.5-year randomized controlled trial; Community-based hypertension control is important for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. In this study, untreated men and women aged 35 to 69 years were randomly assigned to an intervention (n=56) or control(n=j5) group in a 1.5-year community-based education program. Subjects had no evidence of hypertensive end-organ defects and had screening blood pressures of 140 to 179 mmHg systolic and/or 90 to 109 mm Hg diastolic, with no difference in mean blood pressure between groups (148 to 150 mm Hg for mean systolic aid 83 to 84 mm Hg for mean diastolic pressures). The intervention group took four education classes in the first 6 months and four classes during the next year, and the control group took two classes. Health education focused on reduced dietary sodium and increased mill; intake, brisk walking, and, if necessary, reduction of alcohol and sugar intakes. Antihypertensive medication was started less often in the intervention than in the control group at 1.5 years (9% versus 24%, P<.05). Mean systolic pressure was 5 to 6 mm Hg less in the intervention than in the control group at both 6 months and 1.5 years (P<.05), with or without inclusion oi those subjects who began antihypertensive medication. Diastolic pressure and body mass index did not change significantly between groups. Urinary sodium excretion declined in the intervention bur not in the control group (differences between groups: P=.04 at 6 months and P=.07 at 1.5 years). According to a behavioral questionnaire, sodium reduction and milk increase were greater in the intervention than the control group (sodium: P<.01 at 6 months and P=.08 at 1.5 years; milk: P<.001 at 6 months and P<.01 at 1.5 years). Mean ethanol intake was reduced in the intervention but not the control group (P=.01 at 1.5 years). This community-based hypertension control program was effective in reducing systolic pressure levels by nonpharmacological means during the first 6 months and maintaining the reduction for 1.5 years.
The Influence of a Physician and Patient Intervention Program on Dietary Intake; Background Efficient dietary interventions for patients with hypertension in clinical settings are needed.
Relative Bioavailability of Silybin A and Silybin B From 2 Multiconstituent Dietary Supplement Formulations Containing Milk Thistle Extract: A Single-dose Study; Purpose: The purpose of this study was to compare the bioavailability between 2 milk thistle containing dietary supplements, Product B and IsaGenesis, in healthy volunteers.
Effects of an Iranian traditional fermented food consumption on blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile in type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Background Ash-Kardeh is one of the few fermented foods without a dairy base in Iran, which is traditionally prepared from cereals and plants in the presence of microorganisms (mainly lactic acid bacteria).
Eating habits and intensity of medication in elderly hypertensive outpatients; Several dietary factors have been shown to lower blood pressure in elderly patients in clinical trials, but it is not known how eating habits affect blood pressure control in outpatients treated with antihypertensive drugs. We obtained data on dietary information regarding food groups rich in potassium, magnesium, and calcium by submitting a questionnaire to 190 elderly outpatients. Brood pressure levels and the intensity and cost of antihypertensive treatment were obtained from clinical records. The mean age and blood pressure were 72.3+/-9.3 years and 138.7+/-15.2/74.6+/-8.8 mmHg, respectively. Patients were divided into three groups on the basis of the intensity of medication: the LS group (n = 52), treated with a low dose of a single drug; the HS group: (n = 95), treated with a high dose of a single drug; and the M group (n = 43), treated with multiple drugs. Average age, body mass index, blood pressure levels, and extent of target organ damage were similar among the three groups. Intake frequency (rarely, once or twice per week, 3 to 6 times per week, or every day) of the food groups was compared among the three groups. The LS group ate fruit (p<0.05) and seaweed (p<0.01) with significant frequency compared with the other groups, whereas milk and dairy products were taken with similar frequency by all groups. The monthly cost of antihypertensive medications averaged does not satisfy 17,218+/-620 in the LS group, does not satisfy 17,746+/-375 in the HS group, and does not satisfy 20,066+/-1,364 in the M group. These data suggest that habitual intake of foods rich in potassium and magnesium are associated with reduced intensity and cost of medication and with preservation of blood pressure control in elderly hypertensive outpatients.
Effects of Milk Proteins and Combined Exercise Training on Aortic Hemodynamics and Arterial Stiffness in Young Obese Women With High Blood Pressure; Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one-repetition maximum (1-RM)).
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of casein protein hydrolysate (C12 peptide) in human essential hypertension; Background: Many patients seek complementary medicine treatments like neutraceuticals for common conditions such as hypertension.
The Effects of a Modified High-carbohydrate High-fat Diet on Metabolic Syndrome Parameters in Male Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities including central obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A previous study has established that high-carbohydrate high-fat diet (HCHF) can induce MetS in rats. In this study, we modified components of the diet so that it resembled the diet of Southeast Asians. This study aimed to determine the effects of this modified HCHF diet on metabolic parameters in rats. Male Wistar rats (n=14) were randomised into two groups. The normal group was given standard rat chow. The MetS group was given the HCHF diet, comprises of fructose, sweetened condensed milk, ghee, Hubble Mendel and Wakeman salt mixture, and powdered rat food. The diet regimen was assigned for a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic syndrome parameters (abdominal circumference, blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile) were measured at week 0, 8, 12, and 16 of the study. The measurement of whole body composition (fat mass, lean mass, and percentage of fat) was performed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at week 0, 8, and 16. Our results indicated that the components of MetS were partially developed after 8 weeks of HCHF diet. Systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, fat content, and percentage of fat was significantly higher in the HCHF group compared to normal group (p<0.05). After 12 weeks of HCHF diet, the rats showed significant increases in abdominal circumference, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia compared to normal control (p<0.05). In conclusion, MetS is successfully established in male rats induced by the modified HCHF diet after 12 weeks.
Dietary Intakes Associated with Successful Weight Loss and Maintenance during the Weight Loss Maintenance Trial; Background Dietary components effective in weight maintenance efforts have not been adequately identified.
High consumptions of grain, fish, dairy products and combinations of these are associated with a low prevalence of metabolic syndrome; Objective: To analyse the relation between various food groups and the frequency of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS).
Effect of whole soy and purified daidzein on ambulatory blood pressure and endothelial function-a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women with prehypertension; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although observational studies suggest that soy foods or isoflavones are cardio-protective, clinical trials on whole soy or isoflavone daidzein (one major isoflavone and the precursor of equol) on blood pressure (BP) and endothelial function (EF) are few and have not been specifically conducted among equol producers, a population most likely to benefit from soy treatment.
Effect of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides (Gamalost®) and a Gouda-type cheese on blood pressure: results of a randomised trial; Background: High blood pressure (BP) is the leading risk factor for global disease burden, contributing to 7% of global disability adjusted life years. Angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting bioactive peptides have the potential to reduce BP in humans. These peptides have been identified in many dairy products and have been associated with significant reductions in BP.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a-substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteopprosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Bioactive peptides in hydrolysates of bovine and camel milk proteins: A review of studies on peptides that reduce blood pressure, improve glucose homeostasis, and inhibit pathogen adhesion; The prevalence of diet-related chronic conditions including hypertension and cardiovascular disease, and diabetes mellitus has increased worldwide. Research regarding the use of food-derived bioactive peptides as an alternative strategy to mitigate chronic diseases is on the rise. Milk is recognized as one of the main dietary protein sources for health beneficial bioactive compounds. Hundreds of in vitro studies have suggested that milkderived bioactive peptides offer multiple biological and physiological benefits, and some but not all were confirmed in vivo with animal models for hypertension, hyperglycemia, and pathogen adhesion. However, only a limited number of health benefits have been confirmed by randomized clinical trials. This review provides an overview of the current clinical studies that target hypertension, postprandial hyperglycemic, and adhesion of enteric pathogen with bioactive peptides derived from bovine and camel milk, with a focus on the factors affecting the efficacy of orally ingested products.
Association of branched chain fatty acids with cardiometabolic disorders in humans: a systematic review; Context Despite advances in treatments for cardiometabolic disorders such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity, the increasing frequency of these conditions is of major clinical and public health concern. Therefore, primary prevention including diet and lifestyle approaches continues to play a key role in risk reduction. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies have documented inverse associations of dairy consumption with the incidence of different cardiometabolic disorders. Dairy is the largest dietary contributor of branched chain fatty acids (BCFAs), which have been suggested to not only serve as biomarkers of dairy consumption but may also have bioactive properties contributing to reducing the risk of cardiometabolic outcomes. To date, however, the literature on this topic has not been systematically reviewed. Objective The aim here was to report the results of a systematic review of the association of BCFAs with cardiometabolic disorders in humans. Data Sources Search terms were developed and run through the Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases. Data Extraction Articles were selected on the basis of prespecified inclusion criteria and assessed for risk of bias by independent reviewers. Results Four studies (n = 2 cross sectional; n = 1 randomized feeding trial and n = 1 pre-post study) were identified. Two studies reported significant inverse associations between serum BCFAs and insulin resistance, triglycerides and/or body mass index. One study identified an inverse association between adipose tissue monomethyl BCFAs and skeletal muscle insulin resistance. In contrast, the randomized feeding trial reported no significant differences to stool BCFA concentrations or body mass index in obese participants following assignment to fruit-vegetable or whole-grain diet groups compared with a refined-grain control group. Conclusions Current evidence suggests beneficial associations of circulating BCFAs with cardiometabolic risk phenotypes, although data in human participants are limited, indicating that additional research is required. PROSPERO registration no CRD42021224975.
Lactotripeptides intake and blood pressure management: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled clinical trials; Background and aims: Lactotripeptides (LTPs, including IPP and VPP) have held promise in the framework of lifestyle modification for prevention and control of hypertension - a cardiovascular risk factor, as LTPs are reported to have an inhibitory effect on angiotensin-converting enzyme. While the number of clinical trials to test the efficacy of LTP continues to increase, the results have been inconsistent, especially in the last few years. The purpose of the present meta-analysis is to precisely estimate the pooled mean effect of LTPs on conventional blood pressure (BP) generally and on 24-h ambulatory BP (ABP) particularly, as well as the change of BP in relation to baseline BP, race, and study design, to better reflect the evolving field.
The DASH diet enhances the blood pressure response to Losartan in hypertensive patients; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet. which emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low fat dairy products, significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). We conducted a clinical trial to assess the BP response to the DASH diet with an antihypertensive medication, losartan, in participants with essential hypertension.
Evolus® and reduce arterial stiffness Scientific substantiation of a health claim related to <i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> fermented Evolus® low-fat milk products and reduction of arterial stiffness pursuant to Article 14 of the Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies; Following an application from Valio Ltd. submitted pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of Finland, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver a scientific opinion on Lactobacillus helveticus fermented Evolus R low-fat milk products related to reduction of arterial stiffness.
A spread containing bioactive milk peptides Ile-Pro-Pro and Val-Pro-Pro, and plant sterols has antihypertensive and cholesterol-lowering effects; Lifestyle intervention is recommended as the primary treatment for mild hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. We studied the effects of a spread containing bioactive milk peptides IPP and VPP, as well as plant sterols, on cardiovascular risk factors in 104 hypertensive, hypercholesterolemic subjects in a randomised, placebo-controlled double-blind intervention. Middle-aged subjects consumed 20 g day(-1) of a spread containing 4.2 mg of IPP and VPP as well as 2 g of plant sterols for 10 weeks after a 2 week run-in period. Blood pressure was measured at home 3 times a week. Office blood pressure and 24 h ambulatory blood pressure measurements were performed at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. Blood samples were analysed for serum lipids, plasma glucose and inflammation markers. A significant decrease (-4.1 mmHg vs. -0.5 mmHg, p = 0.007) in systolic blood pressure was seen in the active group, compared to placebo at home measurements. Office blood pressure and 24 h nighttime or daytime ambulatory systolic or diastolic pressure did not differ between the groups. Total (-0.16 vs. 0.25 mmol l(-1), p = 0.005) and LDL cholesterol (-0.16 vs. 0.18 mmol l(-1), p = 0.006) decreased significantly in the active group compared to the placebo. No significant differences between groups were seen for plasma glucose or inflammation markers. The results thus suggest that milk peptides IPP and VPP and plant sterols, in a low-fat spread matrix, produce a clinically significant reduction in systolic blood pressure as well as serum total and LDL cholesterol without adverse effects. Functional foods that affect 2 major risk factors offer a safe and convenient way to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease by supporting lifestyle intervention.
Angiotensinogen genotype and blood pressure response in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study; Objective To determine the relationship between angiotensinogen (ANG) genotype and blood pressure response to the dietary patterns of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial. The angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene was also tested.
Sex May Modulate the Effects of Combined Polyphenol Extract and L-citrulline Supplementation on Ambulatory Blood Pressure in Adults with Prehypertension: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Increased blood pressure (BP), vascular dysfunction and inflammation are involved in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although several dietary components such as polyphenols and L-citrulline may help to control BP, their combined impact on ambulatory BP in individuals at risk of CVD remains unknown. The objective of this research was to investigate the short-term impact of supplementation with a combination of polyphenol extract and L-citrulline on ambulatory BP, endothelial function and inflammation. In a randomized double-blind parallel trial, 73 men and women with prehypertension were supplemented with a placebo (cellulose, n = 34, Plac) or 548 mg/day of polyphenols and 2 g/day of L-citrulline (n = 35, Suppl) for 6 weeks. The primary outcome of this study was the difference between groups in 24-h ambulatory diastolic BP (DBP) at week six. Secondary outcomes were a difference between groups at week six in ambulatory systolic BP (SBP), casual BP, serum lipids and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) concentrations and skin advanced glycation end products (AGEs). Potential interaction of treatment with sex was examined. Suppl had no impact on mean ambulatory SBP and DBP (p > 0.10 vs. placebo). Daytime and 24-h SBP were reduced with Suppl in women (p <= 0.01), but not in men (p >= 0.27). A non-significant reduction in AGEs was observed after Suppl compared to Plac among all participants (p = 0.07) and there was no difference in the concentrations of blood lipids (p > 0.20) or CRP (p = 0.36) between treatments at week six. Therefore, supplementation with polyphenol extract and L-citrulline for 6 weeks has no impact on ambulatory BP, blood lipids and CRP in adults with prehypertension. However, the polyphenol extract/L-citrulline supplement may reduce ambulatory SBP in women, but not in men. These preliminary results need further research efforts towards further documenting this sex-dependent BP response to supplementation with polyphenols and L-citrulline.
DASH Diet, Insulin Resistance, and Serum hs-CRP in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; This study was designed to assess the effects of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance and serum hsCRP in overweight and obese women with PCOS. This randomized controlled clinical trial was done on 48 women diagnosed with PCOS. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n = 24) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 24) for 8 weeks. The DASH diet consisted of 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % proteins, and 30 % total fats. It was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets. Sodium content of the DASH diet was designed to be less than 2 400 mg/day. The control diet was also designed to contain 52 % carbohydrates, 18 % protein, and 30 % total fat. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8 weeks intervention to measure -insulin resistance and serum hs-CRP levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the -control diet, resulted in a significant reduction of serum insulin levels (-1.88 vs. 2.89 mu IU/ml, p = 0.03), HOMA-IR score (-0.45 vs. 0.80; p = 0.01), and serum hs-CRP levels (-763.29 vs. 665.95 ng/ml, p = 0.009). Additionally, a significant reduction in waist (-5.2 vs. -2.1 cm; p = 0.003) and hip circumference (-5.9 vs. -1 cm; p < 0.0001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 8 weeks in overweight and obese women with PCOS resulted in the improvement of insulin resistance, serum hsCRP levels, and abdominal fat accumulation.
Novel Metabolites Associated With Blood Pressure After Dietary Interventions; BACKGROUND:The blood pressure (BP) etiologic study is complex due to multifactorial influences, including genetic, environmental, lifestyle, and their intricate interplays. We used a metabolomics approach to capture internal pathways and external exposures and to study BP regulation mechanisms after well-controlled dietary interventions.METHODS:In the ProBP trail (Protein and Blood Pressure), a double-blinded crossover randomized controlled trial, participants underwent dietary interventions of carbohydrate, soy protein, and milk protein, receiving 40 g daily for 8 weeks, with 3-week washout periods. We measured plasma samples collected at baseline and at the end of each dietary intervention. Multivariate linear models were used to evaluate the association between metabolites and systolic/diastolic BP. Nominally significant metabolites were examined for enriching biological pathways. Significant ProBP findings were evaluated for replication among 1311 participants of the BHS (Bogalusa Heart Study), a population-based study conducted in the same area as ProBP.RESULTS:After Bonferroni correction for 77 independent metabolite clusters (alpha=6.49x10-4), 18 metabolites were significantly associated with BP at baseline or the end of a dietary intervention, of which 11 were replicated in BHS. Seven emerged as novel discoveries, which are as follows: 1-linoleoyl-GPE (18:2), 1-oleoyl-GPE (18:1), 1-stearoyl-2-linoleoyl-GPC (18:0/18:2), 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-GPE (16:0/18:1), maltose, N-stearoyl-sphinganine (d18:0/18:0), and N6-carbamoylthreonyladenosine. Pathway enrichment analyses suggested dietary protein intervention might reduce BP through pathways related to G protein-coupled receptors, incretin function, selenium micronutrient network, and mitochondrial biogenesis.CONCLUSIONS:Seven novel metabolites were identified to be associated with BP at the end of different dietary interventions. The beneficial effects of protein interventions might be mediated through specific metabolic pathways.
Safety evaluation of high-dose intake of casein-derived peptide Met-Lys-Pro in healthy adults: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Met-Lys-Pro (MKP) is a casein-derived angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptide with the potential to cross the blood-brain barrier. It has shown preventive effects against high blood pressure (BP) and cognitive decline in animal models and human studies. MKP shows good water solubility and can be blended into a variety of foods. However, its ease of intake may contribute to the possibility of overdose. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the safety of high-dose intake of MKP in healthy adults by conducting a randomized controlled trial with 30 subjects. Participants were randomly allocated to the MKP (n = 15) or placebo (n = 15) group. Over 4 weeks, the MKP group received test powder containing a daily dose of 1,000 mu g of MKP, five times the minimum effective dose for cognitive improvement, whereas the placebo group received dextrin powder containing no detectable MKP. No clinical problems were observed in anthropometric and BP measurements or in blood and urine parameters. No adverse events owing to MKP intake were observed. These findings suggest that consumption of MKP is safe, and that it may be applicable as a safe preventive measure against hypertension and cognitive decline in future.
Associations between Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in a Clinical Sample of Overweight Adults; Background Dietary pattern analysis provides important evidence revealing diet-disease relationships. It may be especially useful in areas less well researched, such as diet and hypertension in clinical populations.
Behavioral change during weight loss program and one-year follow-up: Saku Control Obesity Program (SCOP) in Japan; This study evaluated effects of a behavioral approach which placed emphasis on tailored behavior counseling, diet, weight loss and weight maintenance. A one-year randomized controlled trial was conducted among 235 overweight/obese adults in Japan. The intervention group (n=119) received individual-based counseling using a behavioral approach and the changes made in the diet and physical activity were dependent on each participant as much as possible. One year later, the intervention group lost significantly more weight than the control group (-5.0 kg vs. 0.1 kg for men and -3.9 kg vs. -0.2 kg for women). Compared to the control group, the male intervention group reduced overall energy, cereals and dairy products consumption significantly, while increasing green and yellow vegetable intake, and the female intervention group significantly reduced intake of dairy products. Regarding behaviors, both male and female intervention groups increased the number of walking steps and women improved their irregular eating habits compared to those in the control groups. Behavior changes were related to weight loss; participants who maintained the action/maintenance stage or moved to later stages lost significantly more weight than participants who remained in the pre-contemplation/contemplation/preparation stages or regressed to earlier stages. After one-year follow-up, the intervention group maintained significantly lower weights, lower energy intakes and improvements in irregular eating habits. Our behavioral approach led to diet and behavior modification, weight loss and maintenance. Because modified variables differed between men and women, gender-specific approaches may be necessary.
Limited lipid-lowering effects of regular consumption of whole soybean foods; Aim: To examine cardiovascular health benefits of foods containing a whole soybean extract. Methods: The study design was a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial of consuming soy-based milk and yoghurt (treatment) or equivalent dairy products (control) for 5 weeks each. Twenty-six mildly hypercholesterolaemic and/or hypertensive volunteers were recruited from the community as study volunteers, of which 23 completed. Main outcome measures included clinic and ambulatory blood pressure, arterial compliance, lipids, fatty acids and isoflavones in fasted blood and 24-hour urinary isoflavone excretion. Nutrient intakes were assessed initially and after each 5-week period. Multiple regression analyses were used to determine predictor variables in statistical models; order effects were tested by repeated measures ANOVA. Changes in Lp(a) were determined by Wilcoxon signed ranks tests; other differences between treatment and control were assessed by t tests. Results: Plasma and urinary isoflavones were markedly increased by whole soy supplementation but there were no overall differences in plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance between the soy and dairy diets. However, in 8 equol-positive subjects (equol detected in either plasma or urine), retrospective analysis revealed significant reductions in total cholesterol (8.5%), LDL cholesterol (10%), LDL: HDL ratio (13.5%), plasma triglycerides (21%) and lipoprotein(a) (11%) with the soy diet. These reductions were independent of changes in polyunsaturated fat and other macronutrient intakes. Conclusions: Regular consumption of whole soybean milk and yogurt products had no effect on plasma lipids, blood pressure or arterial compliance in at-risk subjects, despite substantially increasing isoflavone levels in blood and urine. Retrospective analysis suggests that improvement of plasma lipids may have been limited to equol-positive subjects. Copyright (C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Probiotic supplementation for management of cardiovascular risk factors in adults with type II diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background & aims: The effectiveness of probiotics in control of hypertension and dyslipidemia in diabetic patients remains unclear. Therefore, we systematically reviewed relevant data to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure and lipid profile of type 2 diabetic patients.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is effective treatment for stage 1 isolated systolic hypertension; Use of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, significantly lowers blood pressure. Among the 459 participants in the DASH Trial, 72 had stage I isolated systolic hypertension (ISH) (systolic blood pressure, 140 to 159 mm Hg; diastolic blood pressure, <90 mm Hg). We examined the blood pressure response in these 72 participants to determine whether the DASH diet is an effective treatment for stage I ISH. After a 3-week run-in period on a typical American (control) diet, participants were randomly assigned for 8 weeks to 1 of 3 diets: a continuation of the control diet (n=25), a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (n=24), or the DASH diet (n=23). Sodium content was the same in the 3 diets, and caloric intake was adjusted during the trial to prevent weight change. Blood pressure was measured at baseline and at the end of the 8-week intervention period with standard sphygmomanometry. Use of the DASH diet significantly lowered systolic blood pressure compared with the control diet (-11.2 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -6.1 to -16.2 mm Hg; P<0.001) and the fruits/vegetables diet (-8.0 min Hg; 95% confidence interval, -2.5 to -13.4 mm Hg; P<0.01). Overall, blood pressure in the DASH group fell from 146/85 to 134/82 mm fig. Similar results were observed with 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure measurements. In the DASH diet group, 18 of 23 participants (78%) reduced their systolic blood pressure to < 140 mm Hg, compared with 24% and 50% in the control and fruits/vegetables groups, respectively. Our results indicate that the DASH diet, which is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, is effective as first-line therapy in stage 1 ISH.
Effects of long-term intake of lactotripeptides on cardiovascular risk factors in hypertensive subjects; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Lactobacillus helveticus LBK-16H-fermented milk products containing tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline lower blood pressure in hypertensive subjects using office and home blood pressure registration. The present study was aimed to evaluate the effects of two doses of these lactotripeptides on 24-h ambulatory blood pressure and lipidomics profiles in mildly hypertensive subjects.
The effect of DASH diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current study was performed to investigate the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Development of DASH Mobile: A mHealth Lifestyle Change Intervention for the Management of Hypertension; Several landmark studies based on the DASH diet have established the effectiveness of a lifestyle approach to blood pressure control that emphasizes a diet rich in fruits and vegetables with moderate portions of low-fat dairy and lean protein along with increased physical activity and reduced sodium intake. However, this evidence base remains underused due feasibility limitations of implementing these intense in-person interventions and poor engagement with desktop computer based versions. Mobile technologies such as smartphones and wireless sensors have the ability to deliver behavioral interventions in-the-moment and with reduced user burden. DASH Mobile is a new mHealth system being developed to deliver this evidence-based lifestyle intervention to hypertensive patients. The system consists of an Android based "app" that facilitates easy tracking of DASH food portions, integrated Bluetooth blood pressure, weight and pedometer monitoring, goal setting, simple data visualizations and multimedia video clips to train patients in the basic concepts of the lifestyle change plan. At present, the system is undergoing usability testing with a pilot clinical trial planned for Spring 2013.
Casein hydrolysate containing Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro improves central blood pressure and arterial stiffness in hypertensive subjects: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: This trial evaluated the effects of casein hydrolysate containing milk-derived peptides, Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) and Ile-Pro-Pro (IPP), on central blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
Preparation, partial characterization and bioactivity of exopolysaccharides from <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> LC2W; Crude exopolysaccharides (LCP) were isolated from skim milk fermented by Lactobacillus casei LC2W and fractionated into three fractions (LCP1, LCP2 and LCP3) with the ratios of 35.74%, 12.61 % and 33.34% (w/w) based on LCP, respectively. The molecular weight, polydispersity, intrinsic viscosity and radius of gyration of three fractions were determined by high-performance size exclusion chromatography, and monosaccharide compositions were analyzed by high-performance anion-exchange chromatography. The antihypertensive effects of exopolysaccharides were evaluated using spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). SHR were randomized into four groups (eight rats per group) and fed with the test samples (LCP1, LCP2 and LCP3) at the daily dosage of 15 mg kg(-1) (body weight) and saline for 7 days. The results showed only LCP1 could decrease significantly the systolic blood pressure of SHR (P < 0.01), and LCP1, LCP2 and LCP3 had no significant effect on the heart rate of SHR. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Proteolysis in reduced sodium Feta cheese made by partial substitution of NaCl by KCl; Feta cheeses (five trials) of different sodium content were made, using ewes' milk, from split lots of curd by varying the salting procedure, i.e. dry salting with NaCl (control) or mixtures of NaCl/KCl(3:1 or 1:1, w/w, basis) and filling the cans with brine made with NaCl or the above NaCl/KCl mixtures, respectively. in order to study the influence of the partial substitution of NaCl by KCl on the proteolysis during cheese ripening. The extent and characteristics of proteolysis in the cheeses were monitored during aging by using Kjeldahl determination of soluble nitrogen fractions (water-soluble nitrogen, trichloroacetic acid-soluble nitrogen, phosphotungstic acid-soluble nitrogen), the cadmium-ninhydrin method for the determination of total free amino acids (FAA), urea-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of cheese proteins followed by densitometric analysis of the chi (s1)- and beta -casein fractions, reverse-phase HPLC analysis of the water-soluble extracts of cheeses, and ion-exchange HPLC analysis of FAA. The results showed that proteolysis was similar in control and experimental cheeses at all sampling ages, indicating that the partial substitution of NaCl by KCI in the manufacture of Feta cheese had no significant effect on the extent and characteristics of proteolysis during cheese aging. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Certain dietary patterns are beneficial for the metabolic syndrome: reviewing the evidence; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global public health issue of increasing magnitude. The Asia-Pacific region is expected to be hardest hit due to large population numbers, rising obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). This review assessed the protective effects of dietary patterns and their components on MetS. A literature search was conducted using prominent electronic databases and search terms that included in combination: diet, dietary components, dietary patterns, and metabolic syndrome. Articles were restricted to prospective studies and high quality randomized controlled trials that were conducted on humans, reported in the English language, and within the time period of 2000 to 2012. Traditional factors such as age, gender, physical activity, and obesity were associated with risk of MetS; however, these potential confounders were not always accounted for in study outcomes. Three dietary patterns emerged from the review; a Mediterranean dietary pattern, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet. Potential contributors to their beneficial effects on prevalence of MetS or reduction in MetS components included increases in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy and dairy components, calcium, vitamin D, and whey protein, as well as monounsaturated fatty acids, and omega-3 fatty acids. Additional prospective and high quality randomized controlled trial studies that investigate Mediterranean dietary pattern, the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, and the Nordic Diet would cement the protective benefits of these diets against the MetS. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Enzymatically hydrolyzed lactotripeptides do not lower blood pressure in mildly hypertensive subjects; Background: Several placebo-controlled clinical studies suggest that products containing isoleucyl-prolyl-proline and valyl-prolylproline are able to lower blood pressure without adverse effects. The most efficient way of producing high concentrations of these lacto-tripeptides (LTPs) is enzymatic hydrolysis of dairy protein (casein) with the use of a mixture of several enzymes derived from the nongenetically modified organism Aspergillus oryzae, including proteases and peptidases. To date, no large studies of the blood pressure-lowering properties of enzymatically produced LTP (ELTP) powder in European populations have been published.
Effects of the Chinese heart-healthy diet (Sichuan cuisine) on lowering blood pressure in adults with hypertension: a randomized controlled feeding trial; Background and Objectives: Sichuan cuisine is characterized by high salt and oil content. We aimed to evaluate the effects of the Sichuan cuisine version of Chinese heart -healthy diet (CHH diet -SC) on blood pressure reduction among hypertensive adults. Methods and Study Design: The Chinese heart -healthy diet (CHH) trial was a multicenter randomized controlled feeding trial among Chinese hypertensive people. We conducted a secondary analysis of the CHH trial using data from the Sichuan center in Southwest China. Fifty-three people aged 25 to 75 years with a mean systolic blood pressure (SBP) between 130 and 159 mmHg were enrolled. Eligible participants underwent a 1 -week run-in period with the typical local diet and were randomized 1:1 to consume the CHH dietSC (n=27) or typical local diet (n=26) for the next 4 -week. The primary outcome was the net change in SBP, the secondary outcomes included diastolic blood pressure (DBP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), and the rate of BP control. Results: Compared with the control group, the CHH diet -SC decreased cooking salt, oil, and red meat content and increased inclusion of whole grains, fruits, seafood, low -fat dairy, soybean, and nuts; the SBP experienced reductions of 7.54, 8.60, 9.14, and 10.1 mmHg at the end of weeks 1 through 4; the DBP was reduced 4.01 mmHg at week 4; the MAP was significantly reduced 6.02 mmHg finally; and rate of BP control significantly increased (p<0.05). Conclusions: Adoption of the CHH diet -SC for 4 weeks can significantly reduce BP and increase the rate of BP control in hypertensive adults.
Probiotic Minas Frescal cheese added with <i>L-casei</i> 01: Physicochemical and bioactivity characterization and effects on hematological/biochemical parameters of hypertensive overweighted women - A randomized double-blind pilot trial; This study aimed to evaluate the effects of Lactobacilli's casei 01 on quality parameters of Minas Frescal cheese and to investigate the hematological and clinical effects of its regular consumption on hypertensive overweighed women (n = 30, 50 g, 28 days). Microbiological (lactic acid bacteria and probiotic counts), physicochemical parameters (proximate composition, pH, proteolysis, organic acid levels, and fatty acid profile), water mobility (TD-NMR), bioactivity [antioxidant and angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory activity], and microstructure were evaluated. The addition of L. casei 01 (10(8) CFU/g) did not change the proximate composition and the microstructure of the cheeses, while a more suitable fatty acid profile, lower pH, and higher antioxidant and ACE inhibitory activities, proteolysis and organic acid levels were observed. L. casei 01 improved the total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triacylglycerides, diastolic and systolic pressure, hemoglobin, and hematocrit count of the hypertensive overweighed women.
N-carbamylglutamate restores nitric oxide synthesis and attenuates high altitude-induced pulmonary hypertension in Holstein heifers ascended to high altitude; Background: High-altitude pulmonary hypertension (HAPH) is a life-threating condition for animals in high altitude, and disturbance of endothelial nitric oxide (NO) synthesis contributes to its pathogenesis. N-carbamylglutamate (NCG), which enhances arginine synthesis, promotes endogenous synthesis of NO. In this study, we determined the effects of NCG on alleviating HAPH in Holstein heifers that ascended to Tibet (Lhasa, 3,658 m).
Effect of soya protein on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Observational studies have indicated that soya food consumption is inversely associated with blood pressure (BP). Evidence from randomised controlled trials (RCT) on the BP-lowering effects of soya protein intake is inconclusive. We aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of soya protein intake in lowering BR The PubMed database was searched for published RCT in the English language through to April 2010, which compared a soya protein diet with a control diet. We conducted a random-effects meta-analysis to examine the effects of soya protein on BR Subgroup and meta-regression analyses were performed to explore possible explanations for heterogeneity among trials. Meta-analyses of twenty-seven RCT showed a mean decrease of 2.21 mmHg (95% Cl -4.10, -0.33; P=0.021) for systolic BP (SBP) and 1.44 mmHg (95% CI -2.56, -0.31; P=0.012) for diastolic BP (DBP), comparing the participants in the soya protein group with those in the control group. Soya protein consumption significantly reduced SBP and DBP in both hypertensive and normotensive subjects, and the reductions were markedly greater in hypertensive subjects. Significant and greater BP reductions were also observed in trials using carbohydrate, but not milk products, as the control diet. Meta-regression analyses further revealed a significantly inverse association between pre-treatment BP and the level of BP reductions. In conclusion, soya protein intake, compared with a control diet, significantly reduces both SBP and DBP, but the BP reductions are related to pre-treatment BP levels of subjects and the type of control diet used as comparison.
Casein Hydrolysate Containing Milk-Derived Peptides Reduces Facial Pigmentation Partly by Decreasing Advanced Glycation End Products in the Skin: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial; Casein hydrolysate has been shown to improve arterial stiffness as estimated by brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) in untreated hypertensive patients. Facial pigmentation is associated with atherosclerosis, both of which are supposed to be modulated by tissue accumulation of advanced glycation end products (AGEs). However, effects of casein hydrolysate on facial pigmentation and AGEs remain largely unknown. This randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial evaluated whether and how casein hydrolysate improves facial pigmentation in 80 nonhypertensive Japanese patients. Study participants were randomly assigned to receive either active tablets containing casein hydrolysate or placebo for 48 weeks. Facial pigmentation area, baPWV, and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were evaluated by Robo Skin Analyzer RSA50S II, volume-plethysmographic apparatus, and AGE Reader, respectively, at baseline and at the end of the intervention. Treatment with casein hydrolysate, but not placebo significantly reduced triglycerides and facial pigmentation area. There were significant differences of changes in triglycerides, facial pigmentation area, skin accumulation levels of AGEs, and baPWV between the two groups. Furthermore, changes in triglycerides and skin accumulation levels of AGEs were positively and independently associated with those in facial pigmentation area, whereas changes in baPWV were not. This study suggests that casein hydrolysate reduces facial pigmentation area in nonhypertensive participants partly by decreasing skin accumulation levels of AGEs.Clinical-Trials.govID: UMIN000027675.
Impact of a farmers' market nutrition coupon programme on diet quality and psychosocial well-being among low-income adults: protocol for a randomised controlled trial and a longitudinal qualitative investigation; Introduction Low-income populations have poorer diet quality and lower psychosocial well-being than their higher-income counterparts. These inequities increase the burden of chronic disease in low-income populations. Farmers' market subsidies may improve diet quality and psychosocial well-being among low-income populations. In Canada, the British Columbia (BC) Farmers' Market Nutrition Coupon Programme (FMNCP) aims to improve dietary patterns and health among low-income participants by providing coupons to purchase healthy foods from farmers' markets. This study will assess the impact of the BC FMNCP on the diet quality and psychosocial well-being of low-income adults and explore mechanisms of programme impacts.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study; Objective: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect of milk-derived peptides in non-diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D.
Rationale and design of Faith-based Approaches in the Treatment of Hypertension (FAITH), a lifestyle intervention targeting blood pressure control among black church members; Background Uncontrolled hypertension (HTN) is a significant public health problem among blacks in the United States. Despite the proven efficacy of therapeutic lifestyle change (TLC) on blood pressure (BP) reduction in clinical trials, few studies have examined their effectiveness in church-based settings-an influential institution for health promotion in black communities.
Sources of dietary protein and risk of hypertension in a general Dutch population; Evidence suggests a small beneficial effect of dietary protein on blood pressure (BP), especially for plant protein. We examined the relationship between several types of dietary protein (total, plant, animal, dairy, meat and grain) and the risk of hypertension in a general population of 3588 Dutch adults, aged 26-65 years, who were free of hypertension at baseline. Measurements were done at baseline and after 5 and 10 years of follow-up. Hazard ratios (HR), with 95% CI, for incident hypertension were obtained in tertiles of energy-adjusted protein, using time-dependent Cox regression models. Models were adjusted for age, sex, BMI, education, smoking, baseline systolic BP, dietary confounders and protein from other sources (if applicable). Mean BP was 118/76mmHg at baseline. Protein intake was 85 (SD 22) g/d (approximately 15% of energy) with 62% originating from animal sources. The main sources of protein were dairy products (28 %), meat (24 %) and grain (19 %). During the follow-up, 1568 new cases of hypertension were identified (44% of the participants). Energy-adjusted intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein was not significantly associated with hypertension risk (all HR approximately 1.00, P>0.60). Protein from grain showed a significant inverse association with incident hypertension, with a HR of 0.85 (95% CI 0.73, 1.00, P-trend = 0.04) for the upper tertile (>= 18 g/d) v. the lower tertile (< 14 g/d), whereas dairy protein and meat protein were not associated with incident hypertension. In conclusion, higher intake of grain protein may contribute to the prevention of hypertension, which warrants confirmation in other population-based studies and randomised controlled trials.
Hypertension-related dietary patterns of rural older adults; Background. Prevalence of hypertension is greater in older adults, and increased intake of fruits, vegetables, and dairy-good sources of potassium, calcium, and magnesium-can reduce blood pressure. This study examined the hypertension-related dietary patterns of older adults.
Effects of milk-derived bioactive peptide VPP on diarrhea of pre-weaning calves; A well-known milk-derived bioactive tripeptide, VPP (Val-Pro-Pro) has good anti-inflammatory, anti-hypertension, and anti-hydrolysis properties. However, whether VPP can alleviate calf intestinal inflammation is unclear. In this experiment, the effects of VPP on growth, diarrhea incidence, serum biochemical indices, short-chain fatty acids, and fecal microorganisms were examined in pre-weaning Holstein calves. Eighteen calves with similar birth date, body weight, and genetic background were randomly assigned equally to two groups (n = 9). The control group was given 50 mL of phosphate buffer saline before morning feeding, whereas the VPP group received 50 mL of VPP solution (100 mg/kg body weight/d). The study lasted for 17 days, with the first 3 days used for adaptation. Initial and final body weights were determined, and daily dry matter intake and fecal score were recorded throughout the study. Serum hormone levels and antioxidant and immune indices were measured on day 14. Fecal microorganisms were collected on days 0, 7, and 14, and 16S rDNA sequencing was performed. Oral administration of VPP did not significantly affect calf average daily feed intake and body weight, but the growth rate in body weight was significantly higher in the VPP group than in the control group on day 7 (P < 0.05). Compared with the control, VPP significantly decreased serum TNF-alpha and IL-6 contents (P < 0.05), and concentrations of nitric oxide and IL-1 beta also decreased but not significantly (0.05 < P < 0.1). After seven days of VPP, relative abundances of g_Lachnoclostridium, uncultured_bacterium_, and g_Streptococcus in fecal samples increased significantly (P < 0.05). Compared with the control, VPP significantly increased concentrations of the fecal short-chain fatty acids n-butyric acid and isovaleric acid (P < 0.05). In conclusion, VPP can relieve intestinal inflammation and alleviate the degree of diarrhea in pre-weaning calves.
Food Groups and Risk of Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to summarize the evidence on the relation of the intakes of 12 major food groups, including whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) with the risk of hypertension. PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science were searched systematically until June 2017 for prospective studies having quantitatively investigated the above-mentioned foods. We conducted meta-analysis on the highest compared with the lowest intake categories and linear and nonlinear dose-response meta-analyses to analyze the association. Summary RRs and 95% CIs were estimated by using a random-effects model. Overall, 28 reports were included in the meta-analysis. An inverse association for the risk of hypertension was observed for 30 g whole grains/d (RR: 0.92; 95% CI: 0.87, 0.98), 100 g fruits/d (RR: 0.97; 95% CI: 0.96, 0.99), 28 g nuts/d (RR: 0.70; 95% CI: 0.45, 1.08), and 200 g dairy/d (RR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.94, 0.97), whereas a positive association for 100 g red meat/d (RR: 1.14; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.28), 50 g processed meat/d (RR: 1.12; 95% CI: 1.00, 1.26), and 250 mL SSB/d (RR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.10) was seen in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. Indication for nonlinear relations of the intakes of whole grains, fruits, fish, and processed meats with the risk of hypertension was detected. In summary, this comprehensive dose-response meta-analysis of 28 reports identified optimal intakes of whole grains, fruits, nuts, legumes, dairy, red and processed meats, and SSBs related to the risk of hypertension. These findings need to be seen under the light of very-low to low quality of meta-evidence. However, the findings support the current dietary guidelines in the prevention of hypertension.
The Role of Vitamin D in Fertility and during Pregnancy and Lactation: A Review of Clinical Data; Vitamin D deficiency is common and there exists a huge gap between recommended dietary vitamin D intakes and the poor vitamin D supply in the general population. While vitamin D is important for musculoskeletal health, there are accumulating data suggesting that vitamin D may also be important for fertility, pregnancy outcomes and lactation. Significant changes in vitamin D metabolism during pregnancy such as increased production of the active vitamin D hormone calcitriol support the important role of vitamin D in this setting. Observational studies show that vitamin D deficiency is a risk marker for reduced fertility and various adverse pregnancy outcomes and is associated with a low vitamin D content of breast milk. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) document that physiological vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy is safe and improves vitamin D and calcium status, thereby protecting skeletal health. Although certain RCTs and/or meta-analyses reported some other beneficial effects, it is still not clear whether vitamin D supplementation improves fertility or decreases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes such as low birth weight, pre-eclampsia and neonatal mortality, or reduces wheeze/asthma in the infants. Nevertheless, vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women is frequently required to achieve a sufficient vitamin D status as recommended by nutritional vitamin D guidelines. In this review, we provide an overview of systematic reviews, meta-analyses and large trials reporting clinical data on the role of vitamin D for fertility, pregnancy and lactation.
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes; Objective: To our knowledge, no reports are available indicating the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
Prevalence of self-reported hypertension and its relation to dietary habits, in adults; a nutrition & health survey in Greece; Background: Hypertension leads to many degenerative diseases, the most common being cardiovascular in origin. This study has been designed to estimate the prevalence of self-reported hypertension in a random nationwide sample of adult Greek population, while focus was set to the assessment of participants' nutritional habits in relation to their hypertension status.
Care Bundle for Acute Kidney Injury in Cardiac Patients: A Cluster-Randomized Trial; Detection and timely intervention of acute kidney injury (AKI) is a major challenge worldwide. Electronic alerts for AKI may improve process- and patient-related endpoints. The present study evaluated the efficacy of an AKI electronic alert system and care bundle. This is a two-arm, prospective, cluster-randomized, controlled trial enrolling patients with AKI (KDIGO criteria) and cardiac diseases. Patients were randomly assigned to a routine care group or intervention group (DRKS-IDDRKS00017751). Two hundred patients (age 79 years, 46% female) were enrolled, with 100 patients in each group. The primary endpoint did not differ between patients in the routine care group 0.5 (-7.6-10.8) mL/min/1.73 m2 versus patients in the intervention group 1.0 (-13.5-15.1) mL/min/1.73 m2, p = 0.527. Proportions of patients in both study groups with hyperkalemia, pulmonary edema, and renal acidosis were comparable. The stop of antihypertensive medication during hypotensive periods was more frequent in patients in the intervention group compared to patients in the control group, p = 0.029. The AKI diagnosis and text module for AKI in the discharge letter were more frequently documented in patients in the intervention group (40%/48% vs. 25%/34%, p = 0.034; p = 0.044, respectively). Continued intake of RAAS inhibitors and the presence of a cardiac device were independently associated with a less pronounced decrease in eGFR from admission to the lowest value. In this RCT, electronic alerts for AKI and a care bundle improved process- but not patient-related endpoints.
Randomized, placebo-controlled, calcium supplementation trial in pregnant Gambian women accustomed to a low calcium intake: effects on maternal blood pressure and infant growth; Background: Dietary calcium intake in rural Gambian women is very low (similar to 350 mg/d) compared with international recommendations. Studies have suggested that calcium supplementation of women receiving low-calcium diets significantly reduces risk of pregnancy hypertension.
Effect of fermented milk product containing lactotripeptides and plant sterol esters on haemodynamics in subjects with the metabolic syndrome - a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; We investigated the effects of fermented milk product containing isoleucine-proline-proline, valine-proline-proline and plant sterol esters (Pse) on plasma lipids, blood pressure (BP) and its determinants systemic vascular resistance and cardiac output. In a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 104 subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) were allocated to three groups in order to receive fermented milk product containing (1) 5 mg/d lactotripeptides (LTP) and 2 g/d plant sterols; (2) 25 mg/d LTP and 2g/d plant sterols; (3) placebo for 12 weeks. Plasma lipids and home BP were monitored. Haemodynamics were examined in a laboratory using radial pulse wave analysis and whole-body impedance cardiography in the supine position and during orthostatic challenge. There were no differences between the effects of the two treatments and placebo on the measurements of BP at home or on BP, systemic vascular resistance index and cardiac index in the laboratory, neither in the supine nor in the upright position. The changes in plasma LDL-cholesterol concentration were -0.1 (95% CI -0.3, 0.1 and -0.3, 0.0) mmol/l in the 5 and 25 mg/d LTP groups, respectively, and +0.1 (95% CI -0.1, 0.3) mmol/l during placebo (P=0.024). Both at baseline and at week 12, the increase in systemic vascular resistance during head-up tilt was lower in the 25 mg/d LTP group than in the 5 mg/d LTP group (P<0.01), showing persistent differences in cardiovascular regulation between these groups. In subjects with the MetS, intake of LTP and Pse in fermented milk product showed a lipid-lowering effect of borderline significance, while no antihypertensive effect was observed at home or in the laboratory.
Associations of the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with risk of type 2 diabetes in 127 594 people from 20 countries (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background The association between the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with type 2 diabetes incidence is controversial. We aimed to evaluate this association in an international cohort with diverse glycaemic index and glycaemic load diets. Methods The PURE study is a prospective cohort study of 127 594 adults aged 35-70 years from 20 high -income, middle -income, and low-income countries. Diet was assessed at baseline using country -specific validated food frequency questionnaires. The glycaemic index and the glycaemic load were estimated on the basis of the intake of seven categories of carbohydrate -containing foods. Participants were categorised into quintiles of glycaemic index and glycaemic load. The primary outcome was incident type 2 diabetes. Multivariable Cox Frailty models with random intercepts for study centre were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs). Findings During a median follow-up of 11<middle dot>8 years (IQR 9<middle dot>0-13<middle dot>0), 7326 (5<middle dot>7%) incident cases of type 2 diabetes occurred. In multivariable adjusted analyses, a diet with a higher glycaemic index was significantly associated with a higher risk of diabetes (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>15 [95% CI 1<middle dot>03-1<middle dot>29]). Participants in the highest quintile of the glycaemic load had a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes compared with those in the lowest quintile (HR 1<middle dot>21, 95% CI 1<middle dot>06-1<middle dot>37). The glycaemic index was more strongly associated with diabetes among individuals with a higher BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>23 [95% CI 1<middle dot>08-1<middle dot>41]) than those with a lower BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; 1<middle dot>10 [0<middle dot>87-1<middle dot>39]; p interaction=0<middle dot>030). Interpretation Diets with a high glycaemic index and a high glycaemic load were associated with a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes in a multinational cohort spanning five continents. Our findings suggest that consuming low glycaemic index and low glycaemic load diets might prevent the development of type 2 diabetes.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Eating Plan Affects C-Reactive Protein, Coagulation Abnormalities, and Hepatic Function Tests among Type 2 Diabetic Patients; Few studies exist regarding the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on novel cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetic patients. We evaluated the effects of the DASH eating pattern on C-reactive protein (CRP) level, coagulation abnormalities, and hepatic function tests in type 2 diabetic patients. In this randomized, crossover clinical trial, 31 type 2 diabetic patients consumed a control diet or the DASH diet for 8 wk. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fat, total fat, cholesterol, refined grains, and sweets, with a total of 2400 mg/d sodium. The control diet was a standard diet for diabetic patients. There was a 4-wk washout between the 2 trial phases. The main outcome measures were CRP level, coagulation indices, and hepatic function tests. The mean percent change for plasma CRP level was -26.9 +/- 3.5% after the DASH diet period and -5.1 +/- 3.8% after the control diet period (P = 0.02). Decreases in both alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase levels were greater after consuming the DASH diet compared with the control diet (-14.8 +/- 3.0% vs -6.6 +/- 3.4%; P = 0.001; -29.4 +/- 3.7% vs -5.9 +/- 1.4%; P = 0.001, respectively). The decrease in the plasma fibrinogen level during the DASH diet period (-11.4 +/- 3.6%) was greater than that during the control diet (0.5 +/- 3.4%) (P = 0.03). Among diabetic patients, the DASH diet can play an important role in reducing inflammation, plasma levels of fibrinogen, and liver aminotransferases. Future longer term studies are recommended. J. Nutr. 141: 1083-1088, 2011.
The Chronic Effects of Whey Proteins on Blood Pressure, Vascular Function, and Inflammatory Markers in Overweight Individuals; Limited evidence suggests that dairy whey protein may be the major dairy component that is responsible for health benefits currently associated with increased dairy consumption. Whey proteins may reduce blood pressure and improve cardiovascular health. This study evaluated the effects of whey protein supplementation on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers compared to casein and glucose (control) supplementation in overweight/obese individuals. The subjects were randomized to either whey protein, casein or glucose supplementation for 12 weeks according to a parallel design. In all, 70 men and women with a mean (+/- s.e.m.) BMI (kg/m(2)) of 31.3 +/- 0.8 completed the study. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly at week 6 compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups, (P = 0.028 and P = 0.020, respectively) and at week 12 (P = 0.020, and P = 0.017, respectively). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) decreased significantly compared to baseline in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.038 and P = 0.042, respectively) at week 12. DBP decreased significantly in the whey and casein groups (P = 0.025, P = 0.038, respectively) at week 12 compared to the control group. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly lower from baseline at 12 weeks (P = 0.021) in the whey group. AI decreased significantly in the whey group at 12 weeks compared to control (P = 0.006) and casein (P = 0.006). There were no significant changes in inflammatory markers within or between groups. This study demonstrated that supplementation with whey protein improves blood pressure and vascular function in overweight and obese individuals.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial; Background
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial (Publication with Expression of Concern. See vol. 127, pg. 151, 2022); Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty-four women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet; however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (-1.86 v. -0.45 mmol/l, P-group = .0.02), 120 (-2.3 v. 0.2 mmol/l, P-group = 0.001) and 180 min (-1.7 v. 0.22 mmol/l, P-group = 0.002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (-0.2 v. 0.05%, P-group = 0.001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (-0.42 v. 0.31 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.47 v. 0.22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0.005), TAG (-0.17 v. 0.34 mmol/l, P-group = 0.01) and total: HDL-cholesterol ratio (-0.6 (SD 0.9) v. 0.3 (SD 0.8), P-group = 0.008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (-2.6 v. 1.7 mmHg, P-group = 0.001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (-0.29 v. 0.15 mmol/l, P-group = 0.09) were non-significant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
Sodium-to-Potassium Ratio and Blood Pressure, Hypertension, and Related Factors; The potential cost-effectiveness and feasibility of dietary interventions aimed at reducing hypertension risk are of considerable interest and significance in public health. In particular, the effectiveness of restricted sodium or increased potassium intake on mitigating hypertension risk has been demonstrated in clinical and observational research. The role that modified sodium or potassium intake plays in influencing the renin-angiotensin system, arterial stiffness, and endothelial dysfunction remains of interest in current research. Up to the present date, no known systematic review has examined whether the sodium-to-potassium ratio or either sodium or potassium alone is more strongly associated with blood pressure and related factors, including the renin-angiotensin system, arterial stiffness, the augmentation index, and endothelial dysfunction, in humans. This article presents a systematic review and synthesis of the randomized controlled trials and observational research related to this issue. The main findings show that, among the randomized controlled trials reviewed, the sodium-to-potassium ratio appears to be more strongly associated with blood pressure outcomes than either sodium or potassium alone in hypertensive adult populations. Recent data from the observational studies reviewed provide additional support for the sodium-to-potassium ratio as a superior metric to either sodium or potassium alone in the evaluation of blood pressure outcomes and incident hypertension. It remains unclear whether this is true in normotensive populations and in children and for related outcomes including the renin-angiotensin system, arterial stiffness, the augmentation index, and endothelial dysfunction. Future study in these populations is warranted.
Relaxing music reduces blood pressure and heart rate among pre-hypertensive young adults: A randomized control trial; Prevalence of pre-hypertension is higher among young adults and may increase the risk for hypertension and cardiovascular morbidity. Music therapy has been investigated to reduce the blood pressure in the hypertensive population; however, its efficacy on blood pressure in pre-hypertensive young adults is not known. Thirty pre-hypertensive (systolic blood pressure [SBP] = 120-139 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure [DBP] = 80-89 mmHg) young adults were recruited and randomly assigned into two groups. Music group (N = 15) received music therapy by passive listening to music for 30 minutes/day, 5 days/week for 4 weeks, along with Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan (a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, low-fat dairy or unsaturated fat) and limit the daily sodium intake less than 100 mmol/day. The control group (N = 15) practiced only DASH eating plan and sodium restriction. The SBP, DBP, and heart rate (HR) were measured before and after 4 weeks of intervention. There was a significant reduction in SBP (8.73 mmHg, p < .001) and HR (6.42 beats/minute, p = .002); however, the reduction in DBP (1.44 mmHg, p = .101) was not statistically significant in the music group. Control group did not exhibit any significant reduction in SBP (0.21 mmHg, p < .836), DBP (0.81 mmHg, p < .395) and HR (0.09 beats/minute, p < .935). In conclusion, music therapy reduced significantly SBP and HR suggesting that it could be a promising tool to prevent the progression of pre-hypertension toward hypertension among young adults.
Do the Lactotripeptides Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline Reduce Systolic Blood Pressure in European Subjects? A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; BACKGROUND
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Eating Plan on the Metabolic Side Effects of Corticosteroid Medications; Objective: We aimed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on the metabolic side effects of corticosteroid medication use.
The Role of Diet in the Prevention of Hypertension and Management of Blood Pressure: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Interventional and Observational Studies; High blood pressure (BP) is a major pathological risk factor for the development of several cardiovascular diseases. Diet is a key modifier of BP, but the underlying relationships are not clearly demonstrated. This is an umbrella review of published meta -analyses to critically evaluate the wide range of dietary evidence from bioactive compounds to dietary patterns on BP and risk of hypertension. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched from inception until October 31, 2021, for relevant metaanalyses of randomized controlled trials or meta -analyses of observational studies. A total of 175 publications reporting 341 meta -analyses of randomized controlled trials (145 publications) and 70 meta -analyses of observational studies (30 publications) were included in the review. The methodological quality of the included publications was assessed using Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews 2 and the evidence quality of each selected meta -analysis was assessed using NutriGrade. This umbrella review supports recommended public health guidelines for prevention and control of hypertension. Dietary patterns including the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and the Mediterranean -type diets that further restrict sodium, and moderate alcohol intake are advised. To produce high -quality evidence and substantiate strong recommendations, future research should address areas where the low quality of evidence was observed (for example, intake of dietary fiber, fish, egg, meat, dairy products, fruit juice, and nuts) and emphasize focus on dietary factors not yet conclusively investigated.
Antihypertensive effects of bioactive tripeptides-a random effects meta-analysis; A meta-analysis of possible antihypertensive effects of small doses of bioactive tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline in commercial milk products or tablets was carried out. A random effects model was used on 19 randomized, placebo-controlled clinical intervention trials (published 1996-October 2010) consisting of about 1500 prehypertensive or mildly hypertensive subjects. The overall blood pressure lowering for systolic blood pressure was -4.0 mmHg (95% CI -5.9 to -2.1 mmHg, P < 0.001) and for diastolic blood pressure -1.9 mmHg (95% CI -3.1 to -0.8 mmHg, P < 0.001). However, a positive effect was not reported in all the studies. The results suggest that rather small daily doses of the lactotripeptides in different functional food products may off er a valuable option as a non-pharmacological treatment of prehypertension or mild hypertension as part of life-style advice.
Diets rich in conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid have no effect on blood pressure and isobaric arterial elasticity in healthy young men; The objective of this study was to examine the effect on blood pressure (BP) and isobaric arterial elasticity (AE), as a measure of arterial health, of a commercial mixture of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) and of milk fat produced through livestock feeding to have a high content of vaccenic acid (VA). Healthy young men (n = 60) with a BMI of 22.5 +/- 2 kg/m(2) (mean +/- SD) participated in this double-blind, randomized, 5-wk, parallel intervention study. The participants substituted 115 g of their daily fat intake with fat from 1 of 3 test diets: 1) CLA-diet rich in CLA (4.7 g/d of c9, t11- and t10, c12-CLA isomers in equal amounts); 2) VA-diet rich in VA (3.6 g/d); or 3) C-diet, a control diet with a low content of VA and CLA. All test diets were based on milk fat. BP and AE (measured by an oscillometric method) were measured before and after the intervention period. The effects of the test diets did not differ on any outcome variable: e.g., systolic- and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), pulse pressure (PP), isobaric arterial compliance (AC), distensibility (AD), or volume (AV). In conclusion, diets rich in milk fat and either CLA or VA have no effect on BP or AE indices in healthy young men compared with a control diet.
The effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) on serum inflammatory markers: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Background & aims: Dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet is associated with improved blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is proposed that DASH might also improve systemic inflammatory markers like highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP); however, interventional studies have led to conflicting results. The aim of current systematic review was to summarize results of randomized clinical trials examining the effect of DASH on inflammatory biomarkers.
The effect of dietary patterns on blood pressure control in hypertensive patients: Results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial; To determine the impact of dietary patterns on the control of hypertension we studied the subgroup of 133 participants with systolic blood pressure (BP) of 140 to 159 mm Hg and/or diastolic BP of 90 to 95 mm Hg enrolled in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study. Participants were fed a control diet for a 3-week period and were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks either the control diet; a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, but otherwise similar to control; or a combination diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, including whole grains, fish, poultry, and nuts, and reduced in fats, red meats, sweets, and sugar-containing beverages. Sodium intake and body weight were held constant throughout the study. The combination diet significantly reduced systolic BP (-11.4 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (-5.5 mm Hg, P < .001). The fruits-and-vegetables diet also significantly reduced systolic BP (-7.2 mm Hg, P < .001) and diastolic BP (-2.8 mm Hg, P = .013). The combination diet produced significantly greater BP effects (P < .05) than the fruits-and-vegetables diet. Blood pressure changes were evident within 2 weeks of starting the intervention feeding. After the 8-week intervention period, 70% of participants eating the combination diet had a normal BP (systolic BP < 140 and diastolic BP < 90 mm Hg) compared with 45% on the fruits-and-vegetables diet and 23% on the control diet. In patients with hypertension, the DASH combination diet effectively lowers BP and may be useful in achieving control of Stage 1 hypertension. Am J Hypertens 2000;13:949-955 (C) 2000 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Effect of Probiotics on Blood Pressure A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized, Controlled Trials; Previous human clinical trials have shown that probiotic consumption may improve blood pressure (BP) control. The aim of the present systematic review was to clarify the effects of probiotics on BP using a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials. PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library (Central), Physiotherapy Evidence Database, and Clinicaltrial.gov databases were searched until January 2014 to identify eligible articles. Meta-analysis using a random-effects model was chosen to analyze the impact of combined trials. Nine trials were included. Probiotic consumption significantly changed systolic BP by -3.56 mm Hg (95% confidence interval, -6.46 to -0.66) and diastolic BP by -2.38 mm Hg (95% confidence interval, -2.38 to -0.93) compared with control groups. A greater reduction was found with multiple as compared with single species of probiotics, for both systolic and diastolic BP. Subgroup analysis of trials with baseline BP >= 130/85 mm Hg compared with <130/85 mm Hg found a more significant improvement in diastolic BP. Duration of intervention <8 weeks did not result in a significant reduction in systolic or diastolic BP. Furthermore, subgroup analysis of trials with daily dose of probiotics <10(11) colony-forming units did not result in a significant meta-analysis effect. The present meta-analysis suggests that consuming probiotics may improve BP by a modest degree, with a potentially greater effect when baseline BP is elevated, multiple species of probiotics are consumed, the duration of intervention is >= 8 weeks, or daily consumption dose is >= 10(11) colony-forming units.
The effect of probiotics supplementation on blood pressure: a systemic review and meta-analysis; Background Fermented milk has over the last decade been intensively studied because of the putative antihypertensive effect. The aim of our study is to investigate the role of probiotics support therapy in blood pressure and, as a kind of convenient and economic drugs for prevention and auxiliary treatment of hypertension. Materials and methods We performed a systemic review and meta-analysis to examine the effect of probiotics consumption on blood pressure. Databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, Clinical trials, CNKI and the Cochrane library were searched. Also, the grey literature and references were searched. Results Twenty-three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2037 participants met the inclusion criteria and were included. Probiotic consumption significantly changed systolic blood pressure (SBP) by - 3.05 mmHg (95%CI: - 4.67, - 1.44; P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) by - 1.51 mmHg (95%CI: - 2.38, - 0.65; P = 0.001). Subgroup analysis indicated that the benefit effect of probiotics supplementation in SBP was only observed in hypertension [weight mean difference (WMD) = - 3.31 mmHg, 95%CI: - 5.71, - 0.92; P = 0.007] or type 2 diabetes (WMD = -4.85 mmHg, 95%CI: - 9.28, - 0.42; P = 0.032) patients, and the decreased DBP level by probiotics supplementation was only observed in hypertension patients (WMD = -2.02 mmHg, 95%CI: - 3.68, - 0.36; P = 0.017).This effect could only last for a short-term time of 8 or 10 weeks, but not for a long-term time. Conclusion This meta-analysis found a moderate and statistically significant reduction for either SBP or DBP with probiotics supplement compared with controls. Thus, probiotics is a potential for the dietary treatment of hypertension.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
A clinical trial of the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure; Background It is known that obesity, sodium intake, and alcohol consumption influence blood pressure. In this clinical trial, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure.
Nutritional habits and lifestyle practice of elderly people in Hungary; The aim of this study was to investigate the nutritional habits and lifestyle practice of elderly people living in their own home. Altogether 213 subjects (men over 65 years, women over 60 years), were recruited randomly from a primary care office in Budapest.
Isolation and antihypertensive effect of exopolysaccharides from <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> LC2W; Crude exopolysaccharides were prepared from cell-free whey of skim milk fermented by Lactobacillus casei LC2W by eliminating proteins with trichloroacetic acid and precipitated with ethanol. They were fractionated by anion exchange chromatography into three fractions (LCP1, LCP2 and LCP3) whose yields were 35.74%, 12.61% and 33.34%, respectively. The main fraction LCP1, with a molecular weight of 3.27x10(6) Da, was determined to be a homogeneous component by high-performance size-exclusion chromatography, and the purity was further testified by capillary electrophoresis. The antihypertensive effect of LCP1 was evaluated using spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) and normotensive Wistar rats. 16 SHR and 16 Wistar rats were randomized respectively into test groups and control groups. The SHR group was fed with the sample and maltodextrin, respectively, at the daily dosage of 15 mg/kg for seven days and Wistar rats were fed only once. Significant decreases in the systolic blood pressure of SHR were observed (p<0.01) and no change in heart rate. Nevertheless, LCP1 did not show any effect on the blood pressure and heart rate of Wistar rats. The results suggested the fraction LCP1 has significant anti hypertensive effect on rats.
Effect of an Excess Intake of Casein Hydrolysate Containing Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro in Subjects with Normal Blood Pressure, High-Normal Blood Pressure, or Mild Hypertension; A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial was conducted to evaluate the effects of ingesting an excess of tablets containing casein hydrolysate, incorporating angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides such as Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) and Ile-Pro-Pro (IPP), in subjects with blood pressure ranging from normal to mild hypertension. A total of 48 subjects were given either 5 times more than the effective amount of casein hydrolysate or a placebo in tablet form for 4 weeks. In the active group, systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased significantly as compared with the placebo group. In stratified analysis, however, this antihypertensive effect was not found in normotensive subjects. In addition, neither an acute or nor an excessive reduction in blood pressure nor clinically important adverse events were observed in this study. These findings suggest that intake of a 5-fold excess of tablets containing casein hydrolysate can lead to a mild improvement in hypertension without side effects.
Effects of Casein-Derived Peptide Met-Lys-Pro on Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel-Group Study; Hypertension is defined as a systolic blood pressure (SBP) of over 140 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure (DBP) of over 90 mmHg. Hypertension is widely known to be a factor affecting human health, so its prevention is considered important. We investigated the effect of casein-derived tripeptide Met-Lys-Pro (MKP) on blood pressure in a randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Participants were healthy adults with SBP between 120 and 139 mmHg, and/or DBP between 80 and 89 mmHg. A total of 121 participants were randomly assigned to the MKP group or placebo group. Participants received either a test powder containing 100 mu g of MKP or a placebo powder without MKP for 12 weeks. As a result, SBP and DBP were significantly lower in the MKP group than in the placebo group. No adverse events associated with the MKP intake were observed. This study showed that MKP has a beneficial effect on lowering blood pressure in healthy adults with high-normal and elevated blood pressure and can be safely used for continuous intake.
The effects of dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; ObjectiveThis study was designed to evaluate the effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH diet) on weight loss, anti-Mullerian hormone (AMH) and metabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Effects on blood lipids of a blood pressure-lowering diet: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; Background: Effects of diet on blood lipids are best known in white men, and effects of type of carbohydrate on triacylglycerol concentrations are not well defined.
Reduction of sodium content in feta cheese by partial substitution of NaCl by KCl; Feta cheese (five trials) of different sodium content nias made from split lots of curd by varying the salting procedure, i.e. dry salting with NaCl (control) or mixtures of NaCl/KCl (3:1 or 1:1, w/w basis) and filling the cans with brine made with NaCl or the above NaCl/KCl mixtures, respectively. It was found that up to a 50% reduction of sodium content in Feta cheese is feasible, with partial replacement of NaCl by KCl, without an adverse effect on its quality. The results also indicated that the cheeses made with mixtures of NaCl/KCl exhibited no significant (P>0.05) differences in compositional (moisture, fat, protein, salt), physicochemical (pH, a(w)), sensory (appearance, body and texture, flavour, overall quality) and textural (force and compression to fracture, hardness) properties in comparison with the control cheese. The Na:K ratio (molecular basis) decreased from 31.5 in the control cheese to 4.0 and 1.4 in the cheeses salted with 3:1 or 1:1 mixture of NaCl/KCl, respectively. Thus, the use of the 1:1 NaCl/KCl mixture in the salting of Feta cheese effectively brought its Na:K ratio near the desired 1.0, while also greatly reducing the sodium content by about 50%. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effect of Soy Protein Beverages on Serum Cell Adhesion Molecule Concentrations in Prehypertensive/Stage 1 Hypertensive Individuals; Objective: Prehypertensive and hypertensive individuals are at increased risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), in part because hypertension contributes to endothelial dysfunction and increased cell adhesion molecule expression. Soy protein and isoflavones may favorably alter CVD risk factors, and hence the aim of this study was to determine whether intake of cow's milk compared with soy beverage prepared from whole soy bean (WSB) or soy protein isolate (SPI) would lower soluble cell adhesion molecule concentrations as a means of decreasing CVD risk.
Effect of cheese containing Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. Lactis CRL 581 on blood pressure in prehypertensive and stage 1 hypertensive subjects; Hypertension is one of the main risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Functional foods containing bioactive peptides have been proposed as a strategy to decrease blood pressure (BP) in subjects under no pharmacological treatment. The aim of this study was to compare the effect of low-sodium, low-fat (LSLF) cheese and LSLF cheese containing Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. lactis CRL 581 (LSLF581) on BP in pre-hypertensive and stage 1 hypertensive subjects. Sixty-one pre-hypertensive and stage 1 hypertensive subjects assigned to one of twos (LSLF, n= 29 and LSLF581, n= 32) participated in this 12-month prospective, randomized, double-blind, crossover trial. Twenty-four h ambulatory BP monitoring was performed at the beginning and at the end of each four-week study period. Systolic and diastolic BP decreased in both study groups, but differences between groups were not significant (systolic, -1.78 and -0.2 mmHg; diastolic, -1.54 and -0.42 mmHg in LSLF581 and LSLF, respectively). Although our results could not support a BP lowering effect of LSLF581, small BP reductions could favorably prevent cardiovascular disease development.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides from a lactotripeptide-enriched milk beverage are absorbed intact into the circulation; Food products containing angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptides reportedly play a role in treatment of mild hypertension. The aim of this placebo-controlled crossover study was to assess the bioavailability of Ile-Pro-Pro and 7 other ACE-inhibiting peptides present in a lactotripeptide (LTP)-enriched yogurt beverage and whether meal intake affects Ile-Pro-Pro bioavailability. Six male and female subjects randomly consumed an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage or a placebo in the fasted state and an LTP-enriched yogurt beverage in the fed or fasted state. The area under the curve (AUC) of Ile-Pro-Pro after the LTP treatment in the fasted state was 2.1-fold of that after the placebo treatment (P < 0.001). The maximum peptide plasma concentration (C-max) value was greater after consumption of the LTP-enriched beverage (897 +/- 157 pmol/L) than after the placebo treatment (555 +/- 0.09 pmol/L; P < 0.001) with a greater time after ingestion when reaching C-max, (T-max) in the placebo treatment. Plasma concentrations of the peptides Leu-Trp, Phe-Tyr, Ile-Tyr, and Leu-Pro-Pro increased compared with baseline (P < 0.05) in the LTP-enriched and placebo treatment when consumed in the fasted state. However, A C-max values differed significantly between the placebo and LTP-enriched treatment only for Leu-Pro-Pro. Meal intake affected Ile-Pro-Pro concentrations. When the beverage was consumed after a meal, the AUC of Ile-Pro-Pro was 1.3-fold (P < 0.05) of the AUC derived from premeal intake. This was due to an increase in the plasma elimination half-life (P < 0.05); C-max and T-max were not affected by meal intake. In summary, this is the first demonstration, to our knowledge, that the tripeptide Ile-Pro-Pro selectively escapes from intestinal degradation and reaches the circulation undegraded.
Lactotripeptide ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults; The age-related decrease in cerebral blood flow velocity increases the risk of cerebrovascular disease. Milk protein-derived bioactive peptides, e.g., lactotripeptide (LTP), have been shown to inhibit angiotensin converting enzyme activities and increase vasodilator production. We hypothesized that LTP ingestion increases cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind design, 15 healthy middle-aged and older adults were assigned to either a LTP group or a placebo group. The subjects ingested LTP or placebo orally for 8 weeks. Before and after intervention, middle cerebral blood flow velocity was measured using transcranial Doppler ultrasonography. The baseline middle cerebral blood flow velocity and most other key dependent variables did not differ between the groups. LTP ingestion significantly increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity, but there was no such improvement in the placebo groups. We concluded that 8 weeks of LTP ingestion increased middle cerebral blood flow velocity in middle-aged and older adults. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Capsaicin 8% patch for treprostinil subcutaneous infusion site pain in pulmonary hypertension patients; Background. Treprostinil sodium improves haemodynamics and symptoms in pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) patients, but its subcutaneous (s.c.) administration can produce severe local site pain, and lead to discontinuation of vital treatment. Treprostinil is a prostacyclin analogue which stimulates prostacyclin receptors in skin nociceptor terminals, resulting in pain and cutaneous hypersensitivity, for which current pain remedies have limited effect. Capsaicin 8% patch relieves neuropathic pain for 3 months after a single 60 min cutaneous application; we investigated whether its pre-application can reduce s.c. trepostinil-induced pain.
Effect of fecal microbiota transplantation on primary hypertension and the underlying mechanism of gut microbiome restoration: protocol of a randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study; Background: Hypertension is currently the leading modifiable cause of global morbidity and mortality, leading to substantial health and financial burdens. Although multiple studies of management models and innovative therapeutic strategies for hypertension have been conducted, there are still gaps in the field, with a poor control rate reflecting a lack of novel, effective, clinically translated medication or intervention options. Recent animal and human studies repeatedly confirmed a link between the microbiota and hypertension. Of note is our previous study establishing a cause-and-effect relationship between the gut microbiota and blood pressure elevation. A hypothesis of gut microbiota intervention for treating hypertension is thus postulated, and fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) from healthy donors was performed.
Patterns of compliance with once versus twice daily antihypertensive drug therapy in primary care: A randomized clinical trial using electronic monitoring; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate patterns of compliance with once versus twice daily administration of antihypertensive therapy (primary outcome measure) and relevance of partial compliance for blood pressure control (secondary outcome measure).
Diets enriched in whey or casein improve energy balance and prevent morbidity and renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats; High-fat diets induce obesity and increase risks of diabetes and cardiovascular and renal disorders. Whey-or casein-enriched diets decrease food intake and weight gain; however, their cardiovascular and renal benefits are unclear. We determined whether whey-and casein-enriched diets improve energy balance and are protective against renal damage and morbidity associated with stroke in an obesogenic and hypertensive experimental setting. We also assessed whether the hypophagic effects of these diets were due to reduced diet preference. In experiment 1, spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats were randomized to (a) control (CON; 14% kcal protein, 33% fat), (b) whey (WHY; 40% protein, 33% fat), (c) casein (CAS; 40% protein, 33% fat) or (d) chow (CHW; 24% protein, 13% fat) for 12 weeks with 1% salt in drinking water for CON, WHY and CAS groups. Our results demonstrated that both WHY and CAS produced short-term hypophagia, moderately increased energy expenditure and decreased respiratory quotient, body weight and lean mass, with effects of WHY being more prolonged. Further, only WHY decreased fat mass and blood pressure. Importantly, both WHY and CAS prevented morbidity associated with stroke and decreased indices of renal inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin-6) and damage (osteopontin, renal lesions). In experiment 2, following four initial conditioning trials, the preference for CON, WHY or CAS diet was determined. Both WHY and CAS decreased food intake during conditioning and decreased preference. In conclusion, diets enriched in whey or casein improved energy balance, increased survival and prevented renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH): potential mechanisms of action against risk factors of the metabolic syndrome; The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of disorders dominated by abdominal obesity, hypertriacylglycerolaemia, low HDL-cholesterol, high blood pressure and high fasting glucose. Diet modification is a safe and effective way to treat the metabolic syndrome. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) is a dietary pattern rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and low in meats and sweets. DASH provides good amounts of fibre, K, Ca and Mg, and limited quantities of total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol and Na. Although DASH was initially designed for the prevention or control of hypertension, using a DASH diet has other metabolic benefits. In the present review, the effect of each dietary component of DASH on the risk factors of the metabolic syndrome is discussed. Due to limited fat and high fibre and Ca content, individuals on the DASH diet are less prone to overweight and obesity and possess lower concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol although changes in TAG and HDL-cholesterol have been less significant and available evidence in this regard is still inconclusive. Moreover, high amounts of fruit and vegetables in DASH provide great quantities of K, Mg and fibre, all of which have been shown to reduce blood pressure. K, Mg, fibre and antioxidants have also been effective in correcting glucose and insulin abnormalities. Evidence is provided from cross-sectional investigations, cohort studies and randomised controlled trials, and, where available, from published meta-analyses. Mechanisms are described according to human studies and, in the case of a lack of evidence, from animal and cell culture investigations.
The PREMIER intervention helps participants follow the dietary approaches to stop. Hypertension dietary pattern and the current dietary reference intakes recommendations; Objective To examine the influence of the PREMIER study lifestyle interventions on dietary intakes and adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern and the Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI).
Dietary Patterns and Blood Pressure in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Hypertension is a major risk factor for developing cardiovascular disease, stroke, and kidney disease. To lower blood pressure (BP), several lifestyle changes are recommended such as weight loss, exercise, and following a healthy diet. Investigating the effect of single nutrients may have positive results, but food is consumed as part of a whole diet, resulting in nutrient interactions. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to assess the effect of dietary patterns on BP in adults. Studies that were published between January 1999 and June 2014 were retrieved using Scopus, Web of Science, and the MEDLINE database. Seventeen randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis. The results suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet, Nordic diet, and Mediterranean diet significantly lowered systolic BP and diastolic BP by 4.26 mm Hg and 2.38 mm Hg, respectively. These diets are rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, seeds, nuts, fish, and dairy and low in meat, sweets, and alcohol. Lifestyle factors such as exercise and weight loss in combination with dietary changes may also reduce BP. Further research is needed to establish the effect of dietary patterns on BP in different cultures other than those identified in this review. The review was registered on PROSPERO (International prospective register of systematic reviews) as CRD42015016272.
Effects of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on the pressure-natriuresis relationship; Blood pressure-lowering mechanisms of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, were analyzed based on the pressure-natriuresis relationship. Participants (n=375) were randomly assigned to control or DASH diet groups by using a parallel-group design. They then ate their assigned diet for 3 consecutive 30-day intervention feeding periods, during which sodium intake varied among 3 levels by a randomly assigned sequence. Urinary sodium excretion rate and mean arterial pressure were measured at the end of each sodium intake level. Mean arterial pressure and urinary sodium excretion were plotted on x and y axes, respectively, for participants eating control and DASH diets and were modeled as linear relationships for simplicity to allow the estimation of the extrapolated x-intercept and slope of the relationships. The DASH diet steepened the slope of the relationship (29.5+/-3.4 vs 64.9+/-13.1 [mmol/d]/mm Hg, P=0.0002) without significantly shifting the x-intercept (94.1+/-0.5 vs 93.2+/-0.6 mm Hg, NS) of the relationship. These data suggest a natriuretic action of the DASH diet.
Black Tea Increases Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Improves Flow Mediated Dilatation Counteracting Deleterious Effects from a Fat Load in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Controlled Study; (1) Background: Endothelial dysfunction predicts cardiovascular events. Circulating angiogenic cells (CACs) maintain and repair the endothelium regulating its function. Tea flavonoids reduce cardiovascular risk. We investigated the effects of black tea on the number of CACs and on flow-mediated dilation (FMD) before and after an oral fat in hypertensives; (2) Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, controlled, cross-over study, 19 patients were assigned to black tea (150 mg polyphenols) or a placebo twice a day for eight days. Measurements were obtained in a fasted state and after consuming whipping cream, and FMD was measured at baseline and after consumption of the products; (3) Results: Compared with the placebo, black tea ingestion increased functionally active CACs (36 +/- 22 vs. 56 +/- 21 cells per high-power field; p = 0.006) and FMD (5.0% +/- 0.3% vs. 6.6% +/- 0.3%, p < 0.0001). Tea further increased FMD 1, 2, 3, and 4 h after consumption, with maximal response 2 h after intake (p < 0.0001). Fat challenge decreased FMD, while tea consumption counteracted FMD impairment (p < 0.0001); (4) Conclusions: We demonstrated the vascular protective properties of black tea by increasing the number of CACs and preventing endothelial dysfunction induced by acute oral fat load in hypertensive patients. Considering that tea is the most consumed beverage after water, our findings are of clinical relevance and interest.
Lactopeptides and human blood pressure; Purpose of review Since the mid-1990s, a number of randomized controlled trials have been published that showed an antihypertensive effect of peptides derived from milk. Research has mainly focused on isoleucine-proline-proline and valine-proline-proline (IPP + VPP), two lactotripeptides that can inhibit the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) in vitro. In Finnish and Japanese subjects with (mild) hypertension, systolic blood pressure (SBP) reductions of approximately 5 mmHg were reported during 4-12 weeks of IPP + VPP supplementation. This review was performed to summarize new data from human intervention studies.
Red Wine Polyphenols Do Not Lower Peripheral or Central Blood Pressure in High Normal Blood Pressure and Hypertension; BACKGROUND
Effects of comprehensive lifestyle modification on diet, weight, physical fitness, and blood pressure control: 18-Month results of a randomized trial; Background: The main 6-month results from the PREMIER trial showed that comprehensive behavioral intervention programs improve lifestyle behaviors and lower blood pressure.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension: A summary of study results; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension multicenter trial examined the impact of dietary patterns on blood pressure in 459 adults with blood pressure <160 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. After a 3-week run-in period on a control diet low in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, and with a fat content typical for Americans, participants were randomized for 8 weeks to either the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables, or a combination diet that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. Body weight and sodium intake were held constant, and physical activity did not change during the intervention. Baseline mean+/-standard deviation systolic and diastolic blood pressures were 131.3+/-10.8 mm Hg and 84.7+/-4.7 mm Hg, respectively. Relative to the control diet, the combination diet reduced blood pressure by 5.5 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure by 3.0 mm Hg (P<.001). For those on the fruits and vegetables diet, blood pressure reductions relative to control were 2.8 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 1.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.07). in 133 participants with hypertension, the combination diet produced a net blood pressure reduction of 11.4 and 5.5 mm Hg systolic and diastolic, respectively (P<.001). In participants without hypertension (n=326), the corresponding blood pressure reductions were 3.5 mm Hg systolic (P<.001) and 2.1 mm Hg diastolic (P<.003). In other subgroup analyses, minorities showed relatively larger reductions in blood pressure than nonminorities (P<.001). We conclude that the dietary pattern reflected in the combination diet can substantially reduce blood pressure, and, accordingly, provides an additional lifestyle approach to preventing and treating hypertension.
The Effect of <i>Wolffia globosa</i> Mankai, a Green Aquatic Plant, on Postprandial Glycemic Response: A Randomized Crossover Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE To compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high-quality protein, with an iso-carbohydrate/protein/caloric dairy shake. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among 20 abdominally obese participants (age 51.4 years; fasting plasma glucose 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: specific-strain) or an iso-carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A 2-week flash glucose-monitoring system was used to assess postmeal glucose dynamics (6 net administration days; 97 observation days in total). We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily activity/satiety scale/sleep logs. Participants were recruited from the green-Mediterranean diet arm of the 18-month Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial-Polyphenols Unprocessed (DIRECT-PLUS) study. RESULTS Wolffia globosa Mankai elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared with yogurt ( increment peak = 13.4 +/- 9.2 vs. 19.3 +/- 15.1 mg/dL; P = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 +/- 29.2 vs. 59.2 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 +/- 53.1 vs. 197.5 +/- 70.2 min; P = 0.012). The mean post-net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 min (netAUC 60 min: 185.1 +/- 340.1 vs. 441.4 +/- 336.5 mg/dL/min, P = 0.005; netAUC 180 min: 707.9 +/- 1,428.5 vs. 1,576.6 +/- 1,810.1 mg/dL/min, P = 0.037). A Wolffia globosa-based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next-morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 86.6 +/- 13 mg/dL; P = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa Mankai green shake compared with the yogurt shake (P < 0.001). Overnight sleep duration was similar (378.2 +/- 22.4 vs. 375.9 +/- 28.4 min; P = 0.72), and satiety rank was slightly higher for the Wolffia globosa shake compared with the yogurt shake (7.5 vs. 6.5; P = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS Wolffia globosa Mankai duckweed may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects.
Randomized, double blind placebo-controlled pilot study of the antihypertensive effects of Grana Padano DOP cheese consumption in mild - moderate hypertensive subjects; OBJECTIVE: Grana Padano, an Italian protected designation of origin (PDO) semi-fat cheese, undergoes a long ripening period during which the proteolysis carried out by natural starter lactic acid bacteria releases peptides having sustained angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibitory activity. The length (generally 3-8 amino acid residues) and the sequence of these peptides are responsible for their ability to elicit ACE-inhibitory activity. The aim of this study has been the evaluation of the effect of a daily dietary supplement consisting in a small amount (30 g/day) of Grana Padano cheese, in terms of the lowering of the blood pressure (BP) of mild - moderate hypertensive subjects.
Meta-analysis of studies using selective α<sub>1</sub>-blockers in patients with hypertension and type 2 diabetes; This meta-analysis of published studies evaluated the effect of selective alpha (1)-blockers on lipid and carbohydrate profiles and blood pressure (BP) as well as tolerability in patients with hypertension and type 2 diabetes. Publications identified via MEDLINE were used. Text and bibliographies of retrieved articles were examined for additional references. Clinical trials with a randomised comparative structure (placebo and active treatment arms) and controlled studies with other structures were included. Of the 27 citations identified, 22 studies were selected for inclusion, and five were rejected. Efficacy and safety data, lipid and carbohydrate profiles, and study and patient characteristics were extracted by two investigators independently. The mean pooled results showed beneficial effects of selective alpha (1)-blockers on total serum cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and systolic and diastolic BP The results also showed doxazosin had beneficial effects on fasting glucose levels, insulin sensitivity, TC, HDL cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, HDL/TC ratio, and systolic and diastolic BP The risk difference was equivalent between the alpha (1)-blocker group and the control group for postural hypotension or syncope. This meta-analysis demonstrates a number of favourable effects of therapy with selective alpha (1)-blockers in hypertensive patients with type 2 diabetes. These agents provide an effective modality for reducing BP, with favourable effects on lipid, no deterioration in glycaemic control, and little risk of orthostatic hypotension.
Management of anlotinib-related adverse events in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: Experiences in ALTER-0303; Background Anlotinib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, fibroblast growth factor receptor, platelet-derived growth factor receptor, and stem cell factor receptor (c-Kit). In the phase III ALTER-0303 trial (Clinical Trial Registry ID: NCT 02388919), anlotinib significantly improved overall survival versus placebo in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients who had received at least two previous chemotherapy and epidermal growth factor receptor/anaplastic lymphoma kinase targeted therapy regimens. This study summarized adverse event management in this trial. Methods Patients were randomized (2:1) to anlotinib or placebo up to progression or intolerable toxicity. Adverse events were graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.0 and managed by investigators. Key strategies for preventing and managing the most common adverse events included patient education, supportive care, and dose modification. Results Between February 2015 and August 2016, 294 patients received anlotinib. A total of 170 (57.8%) patients received antihypertensive medications for hypertension, 53 (18.0%) patients received levothyroxine for hypothyroidism, 24 (8.2%) patients received fibrates for hypertriglyceridemia, 11 (3.7%) patients took cortisone cream for hand-foot syndrome, and 38 (12.9%) patients received anti-diarrheal medications for diarrhea. Dose reduction and drug discontinuation were required in 24 (8.16%) and 31 (10.54%) patients in the anlotinib group, respectively. Conclusion Anlotinb-related adverse events could be controlled by patient education, prophylactic measures, early and active intervention, and dose modification.
Effects of dietary sodium and the DASH diet on the occurrence of headaches: results from randomised multicentre DASH-Sodium clinical trial; Objectives: Headaches are a common medical problem, yet few studies, particularly trials, have evaluated therapies that might prevent or control headaches. We, thus, investigated the effects on the occurrence of headaches of three levels of dietary sodium intake and two diet patterns (the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products with reduced saturated and total fat) and a control diet (typical of Western consumption patterns)).
Establishment and verification of a nomogram prediction model of hypertension risk in Xinjiang Kazakhs; Hypertension is the main risk factor for cardiovascular and renal diseases. It is of great importance to develop effective risk prediction models to identify high-risk groups of hypertension. This study is to establish and verify a nomogram model for predicting the risk of hypertension among Kazakh herders in Xinjiang, China. This is a prospective cohort study. Totally, 5327 Kazakh herders from the Nanshan pastoral area of Xinjiang were enrolled. They were randomly divided into the modeling set of 3729 cases (70%) and the validation set of 1598 cases (30%). In the modeling set, univariate analysis, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression and multivariate Logistic regression were used to analyze the influencing factors of hypertension, and a nomogram prediction model was constructed. We then validated the model in the validation set, and evaluated the accuracy of the model using receiver operating characteristic and calibration curve. Based on univariate analysis, least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression and multivariate logistic regression analysis, we identified 14 independent predictors of hypertension in the modeling set, including age, smoking, alcohol consumption, baseline body mass index, baseline diastolic blood pressure, baseline systolic blood pressure, daily salt intake, yak-butter intake, daily oil intake, fruit and vegetable intake, low-density lipoprotein, cholesterol, abdominal circumference, and family history. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of the modeling set and the verification set was 0.803 and 0.809, respectively. Moreover, the calibration curve showed a higher agreement between the nomogram prediction and the actual observation of hypertension. The risk prediction nomogram model has good predictive ability and could be used as an effective tool for the risk prediction of hypertension among Kazakh herders in Xinjiang.
Selling, buying and eating - a synthesis study on dietary patterns across language regions in Switzerland; Purpose Cross-cultural studies on differences in eating and consumer behavior have several limitations due to differences between countries, for example, in national health policies. Switzerland combines cultural diversity between the language regions, but with a common national health policy. Therefore, Switzerland provides an ideal framework to investigate cross-cultural eating and consumer behavior. The aim of this study was to combine food consumption, purchase data and sales data to obtain a more comprehensive understanding of cultural dietary differences. Design/methodology/approach Six national Swiss studies on food consumption, one study of food sales from the largest supermarket chain in Switzerland and one national study of food purchasing were included. The estimated marginal mean of each food category in each language region was calculated using linear regression and respective linear random effect models. Findings In the French- and Italian-speaking regions more fish was sold, bought and consumed than in the German-speaking region of Switzerland. In contrast, in the German-speaking region, more milk and dairy products were sold, bought and consumed. Language regions explained sales, purchase and consumption of foods, but the findings were only consistent for fish and milk and dairy products. Originality/value If possible limitations of cross-culture studies between countries are eliminated, cultural eating and consumer differences are still visible, even in a small country like Switzerland. For the first time, the complexity of studying food consumption, purchasing and sales is shown in one study. This indicates the importance of further studies which consider these three perspectives to better understand cultural differences in eating and consumption behavior.
Selective laser trabeculoplasty versus topical medication as initial glaucoma treatment: the glaucoma initial treatment study randomised clinical trial; Background/Aims
Preventive Role of Diet Interventions and Dietary Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Umbrella Review; Background: Although the body of evidence indicates clear benefits of dietary modifications for prevention of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), it may be difficult for healthcare providers to recommend which diet interventions or dietary factors are appropriate for patients as there are too many modalities available. Accordingly, we performed an umbrella review to synthesize evidence on diet interventions and dietary factors in prevention of T2DM. Methods: Medline and Scopus databases were searched for relevant studies. Systematic reviews with meta-analyses of randomized-controlled trial or observational studies were eligible if they measured effects of diet interventions and/or dietary factors including dietary patterns, food groups, and nutrients on risk of T2DM. The effect of each diet intervention/factor was summarized qualitatively. Results: Sixty systematic reviews and meta-analyses were eligible. Results of the review suggest that healthy dietary patterns such as Mediterranean and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets, and high consumption of whole grains, low-fat dairy products, yogurt, olive oil, chocolate, fiber, magnesium, and flavonoid significantly reduced the risk of T2DM. In contrast, high glycemic index and glycemic load diets, high consumption of red and processed meat, and sugar or artificial sugar-sweetened beverages significantly increased risk of T2DM. Prescribing diet interventions with or without physical activity interventions significantly decreased risk of T2DM in both high-risk and general population. Conclusion: High consumption of Mediterranean and DASH diet, and interventions that modified the quality of diet intake significantly reduced risk of T2DM especially in the high-risk population. These lifestyle modifications should be promoted in both individual and population levels to prevent and decrease burden from T2DM in the future.
Effect of a Persian medicine preparation, <i>Ma'aljobon</i>, on constipation in patients with hypertension; Background: Constipation is a common and prevalent digestive problem. Forcing and straining due to constipation may have a negative effect on some parts of the body, including the heart. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of Ma'aljobon (a kind of whey) on functional constipation in hypertensive patients. Materials and Methods: The present double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial was a part of the study about the effect of Ma'aljobon on stage 1 hypertension, performed in 2017-2018. Hypertensive patients accompanying constipation were included in the study. Patients were randomly divided into two groups: Group A (n = 19) received 25 g of Ma'aljobon powder and Group B (n = 22) received 25 g of maltodextrin powder, twice a day for 6 weeks. The number and quality of defecation during a day were evaluated at baseline and at the end of the study within and between groups. Data were analyzed by SPSS software (version: 17) using Chi-square or Fisher's exact test. P <0.05 was considered as significant level. Results: Forty-one patients had inclusion criteria, of whom 34 patients completed the study (19 in Group A and 15 in Group B). The mean +/- standard deviation age of patients was 53.86 +/- 8.92 years (range: 34-80 years). Before intervention, there was no significant difference between the two groups with respect to constipation; however, after 6 weeks' treatment, the frequency of constipation was significantly different between groups (P < 0.001). At the end of 6th week, constipation in the Group A was improved completely in terms of the number of defecation and stool consistency; but, in the Group B, eight (53.33%) patients still suffered from constipation (P < 0.001). No specific complications were reported in both groups. Conclusion: Ma'aljobon can improve constipation in hypertensive patients without any adverse effect.
The Relationship Between High Sodium Food Consumption and The Incidence of Hypertension Among Farm Workers at Public Health Centre of Panti in Jember Regency; A very heavy workload of farmers must be balanced with optimal food intake in both quantity and quality. The study aimed to identify the relationship between high sodium food consumption and the incidence of hypertension among farm workersat Public Health Center of Panti in Jember Regency. A cross-sectional study design was performed 248 of farmworkers using stratified random sampling. A self- administered questionnaire was used to identify the sociodemography of farm workers. Food frequency questionnaires and sphygmomanometer were performed to measure food frequency consumption and blood pressure. A Chi-square test was used to analyze the objective of the study (p<0,005). The results showed 33.9% of hypertension incident. There were a significant relationship between food consumption and hypertension systolic, such as: biscuit (x(2) = 10.466; p-value = 0.005), salted fish (x(2) = 12.067; p-value = 0.022), milk and processed products (x(2) = 9.051; p-value = 0.022), coffee (x(2) = 6.025; p-value = 0.049), dan MSG (x(2) = 10.298; p-value = 0.006). Meanwhile, the consumption of tea had a significant relationship with hypertension diastolic (p-value 0.039). This study showed that the frequency consumption on biscuits, salted fish, milk, coffee and food seasonings was related to the incidence of hypertension systolic. Besides, tea consumption was related to the incidence of hypertension diastolic. Therefore, monitoring blood pressure and regulating the consumption food among farmworkers should be maintained regularly per month through non-communicable disease integrated health service post.
The balance bone health: Tipping the scales on favor of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods; Public health nutrition strategies to develop and maintain bone health throughout the lifecycle as well as to prevent osteoporosis in later life are urgently needed. In the United States, similar to 10 million Americans have osteoporosis, with costs estimated at $17.9 billion per year and costs in Europe well in excess of (sic)13.9 billion. This review article outlines the current evidence available in the literature linking potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods to osteoporosis prevention. The health-related benefits of a high intake of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods (e.g., fruits and vegetables) on disease prevention (e.g., cancer, heart disease) have been gaining increasing attention in the literature, and there is growing belief, from a variety of observational, experimental, clinical, and intervention studies, that a positive link exists between potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods and indices of bone health. However, observational studies are not hypothesis proving and can only suggest the potential mechanisms of action. We now urgently need data from randomized controlled trials to determine for certain whether a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet or supplement is important to the skeleton. A 1-mo dietary intervention study involving 23- to 76-y-old men and women has shown that a diet high in bicarbonate (high fruits and vegetables) and potassium (high in milk and dairy products) (Dietary Approaches to Stopping Hypertension) significantly reduces bone turnover. Longer-term dietary studies are critical. In addition, the mechanisms underlying a positive effect of a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet on bone need to be fully determined. These currently include, but are not limited to, 1) the potential role of the skeleton in acid-base homeostasis; 2) other nutrient or dietary components found in abundance in fruits and vegetables such as vitamin K, beta-carotene, and vitamin C; and 3) other as yet "unidentified" dietary components. The road ahead is a challenging one.
Nonpharmacologic therapies that reduce blood pressure: A fresh perspective; Traditional approaches to control the epidemic of blood pressure-related atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) have largely focused on drug therapy in persons with hypertension. Still, nonpharmacologic therapy, also termed lifestyle modification, has an important and expanding role that complements drug therapy. Specifically, nonpharmacologic therapies can serve as initial therapy in Stage 1 hypertensive patients, facilitate medication step down or withdrawal in patients with well-controlled hypertension, prevent hypertension in high-risk populations, and reduce blood pressure in normotensive individuals and thereby lower their risk of ASCVD. Traditional lifestyle modifications that reduce blood pressure include sodium reduction, weight loss, moderation of alcohol intake, and increased physical activity. Such strategies have been prominently advocated in the Fifth Report of the Joint National Committee on Prevention, Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure. Recommendations to increase potassium, magnesium, and calcium intake were based primarily on general health considerations, not for control of high blood pressure. In its sixth and most recent report (JNC VI) published in 1997, the Joint National Committee has extended its recommendations.' In addition to the traditional lifestyle recommendations, the JNC VI advocates increased potassium intake for control of high blood pressure. Furthermore, this policy-making body now recommends a healthy dietary pattern, that is, one that is rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol. This diet, which was rigorously evaluated in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) clinical trial, substantially lowered blood pressure in normotensive and hypertensive individuals. These recent developments reinforce the hypothesis that multiple dietary factors influence blood pressure. Nonpharmacologic approaches have enormous potential as a means to reduce blood pressure and control hypertension, thereby preventing the occurrence of ASCVD. The current challenge to health care providers, government officials, and the general public is to develop and implement effective clinical and public health strategies that lead to desirable lifestyle modifications.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients - a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study; Background: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung fur Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension.
Beneficial effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan on features of the metabolic syndrome; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on metabolic risks in patients with the metabolic syndrome.
Effects of Different Dietary Interventions on Calcitriol, Parathyroid Hormone, Calcium, and Phosphorus: Results from the DASH Trial; The "Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension" (DASH) diet, rich in fiber and low-fat dairy, effectively lowers blood pressure. DASH's effect on calcitriol and other markers of bone-mineral metabolism is unknown. This secondary analysis of the DASH trial aimed to determine the effect of dietary patterns on blood concentrations of calcitriol, parathyroid hormone (PTH), ionized calcium, and urinary excretion of calcium and phosphorus. Outcomes were available in 334 participants in the trial. After a 3-week run-in on the control diet, participants were randomized to control, fruits and vegetables (F&V), or DASH diets. Outcomes were assessed at the end of run-in, and during the last week of the intervention period. Mean age of participants was 45.7 +/- 10.7 years, 46% female, and 57% African-American. Mean +/- Standard Deviation(SD) baseline serum concentrations of calcitriol, PTH, and ionized calcium were 37.8 +/- 9.2 pg/mL, 46.1 +/- 18.5 pg/mL and 5.2 +/- 0.23 mg/dL, respectively. Mean (+/- SD) urinary calcium and phosphorus excretions were 150.1 +/- 77.8 and 708.0 +/- 251.8 mg/24 h, respectively. Compared with control, DASH reduced calcitriol -3.32 pg/mL (p = 0.004). Otherwise, there was no significant effect on other biomarkers. DASH lowered serum calcitriol perhaps more among African-Americans. These results raise important questions about the interpretation and clinical significance of low calcitriol concentrations in the setting of recommended diets.
Overweight/obesity, pre-diabetes, diabetes and its association with hypertension and other factors among rural adults (≥18 years) in India; Background: Non-communicable diseases are important causes of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study conducted in 10 Indian states using multi-stage random sampling procedures. Information was collected on socio-economic and demographic particulars, anthropometric measurements such as height, weight and waist circumference, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure was measured. One day 24-h dietary recall was done for foods and nutrient intakes. Bivariate and multivariate step-wise logistic regression analyses was done. Results: The prevalence of overweight/obesity among rural adults was 23.4 % (95 % CI: 22.9-23.9), while age adjusted prevalence of pre-diabetes was 8.4 % (95 % CI: 8.1-8.7) and diabetes was 6.8, (95 % CI 6.7-7.1), respectively. The prevalence of diabetes was lowest in Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Odisha (3-4%) and higher in Kerala and Tamil Nadu (12-15 %). The odds of diabetes was 5.5 times more among elderly, 1.3 times higher among Christians and among high income groups, and 2 times among overweight (CI: 1.50-2.50), obese (CI: 1.61-2.76) and abdominal obesity (OR; 1.57; CI: 1.29-1.91) and 1.6 times more among hypertensives. The odds of diabetes were high among those consuming the lower tertiles of carbohydrates, pulses, milk and milk products and folic acid. Conclusion: the age-adjusted prevalence of diabetes and pre-diabetes was 6.8 % and 8.4 % respectively and the odds of diabetes was high among elderly, among high socio-economic groups, overweight/obese subjects and among hypertensives. Also, knowledge about symptoms of diabetes was low. There is a need to improve awareness for early diagnosis and treatment for control of diabetes and hypertension.
Potentially functional beverage development for patients with prehypertension; This study aimed to develop a functional beverage for patients with prehypertension. Raja Bulu banana (Musa paradisiaca L.) and Wilis variety of soy beans (Glycine max L.) are used as ingredients for functional beverages production. This study used a completely randomized design and the treatments were given in three formulas with different proportion of soy milk (mL) and banana (g), namely F1 (1000: 250), F2 (1000: 350), and F3 (1000: 500). The results of Kruskal-Wallis test showed that the average preference of colour, flavor, taste, and viscosity characteristics among the three formulas were not significantly different (p>0.05). The most preferred functional beverage formula was F3, chosen by 88.00% of panelists. One serving size (300 mL) of F3 functional beverage contained 149 kcal energy, 34.68 g carbohydrates, 1.91 g protein, 0.24 g fat, 3.95 g dietary fiber, 26.76 g total sugars, 7.00 mg sodium, 401.20 mg potassium, 13.84 mg calcium and 42.16 mg magnesium. Therefore, the product is potential to be a functional beverage alternatives, especially for prehypertension patients.
Effect of dietary patterns on ambulatory blood pressure - Results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; We measured ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) in 354 participants in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial to determine the effect of dietary treatment on ABP (24-hour, day and night) and to assess participants' acceptance of and compliance with the ABP monitoring (ABPM) technique, After a 3-week run-in period on a control "typical" American diet, subjects (diastolic blood pressure [BP], 80 to 95 mm Hg; systolic BP, <160 mm Hg; mean age, 45 years) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets for an 8-week intervention period: a continuation of the control diet; a diet rich in fruits and vegetables; and a "combination" diet: that emphasized fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products. We measured ABP at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. Both the fruit/vegetable and combination diets lowered 24-hour ABP significantly compared with the control diet (P<0.0001 for systolic and diastolic pressures on both diets: control diet, -0.2/+0.1 mm Hg; fruit/vegetable diet, -3.2/-1.9 mm Hg; combination diet, -4.6/-2.6 mm Hg). The combination diet lowered pressure during both day and night. Hypertensive subjects had a significantly greater response than normotensives to the combination diet (24-hour ABP, -10.1/-5.5 versus -2.3/-1.6 mm Hg, respectively). After correction for the control diet responses, the magnitude of BP lowering was not significantly different whether measured by ABPM or random-zero sphygmomanometry. Participant acceptance of ABPM was excellent: only 1 participant refused to wear the ABP monitor, and 7 subjects (2%) provided incomplete recordings. These results demonstrate that the DASH combination diet provides significant round-the-clock reduction in BP, especially in hypertensive participants:.
Effect of conjugated linoleic acid on blood pressure: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trials; Background: Numerous studies on animals evidenced that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) could decrease blood pressure (BP) in several rat models. However, such beneficial effect is not completely supported by studies on humans.
The 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part II - Therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the management of hypertension in adults.
The effects of dietary patterns on plasma renin activity: results from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial; A diet rich in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat, total fat and cholesterol (the 'DASH' diet) significantly lowers blood pressure (BP). Previous studies have documented that certain therapies that lower BP increase plasma renin activity (PRA). Using data from the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial, we assessed the effects of dietary patterns on PRA and determined the relationship of change in PRA with change in BP on each diet. After eating a control diet for 3 weeks, participants were then randomized to receive for 8 weeks: the control diet, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V), or the DASH diet. Baseline and follow-up levels of PRA were available in 381 participants. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet increased PRA by 0.37 ng ml(-1) h(-1) (P = 0.01). In multivariable linear regression analyses, there was an inverse association of PRA change with systolic BP change on the control diet (slope = -0.35, P = 0.001), but PRA did not differ by BP change on the F/V diet (slope = -0.002, P = 0.98) or DASH diet (slope = -0.08, P = 0.32). These data suggest that a blunted counter-regulatory response of the renin-angiotensin system is associated with the BP-lowering effect of the F/V and DASH diets. Journal of Human Hypertension (2012) 26, 664-669; doi: 10.1038/jhh.2011.87; published online 3 November 2011
Additive Beneficial Effects of Lactotripeptides Intake With Regular Exercise on Endothelium-Dependent Dilatation in Postmenopausal Women; BACKGROUND
Effects of Casein Hydrolysate on the Systolic Blood Pressure and Serum Lipid Profiles in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats; The effects of casein hydrolysate on blood pressure (BP) and serum lipid profiles were investigated in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Twenty-four 6-wk old male SHRs were assigned to 3 groups in a completely randomized design. Experimental groups were as follow: control, market milk group (MLG) and casein hydrolysate group (CHG). Reference blood pressure (REP) showed average 198.94 +/- 1.46 mmHg. Blood pressure (BP) of CHG reduced 24 mmHg after 2 wk of treatment, but these increased after 3 wk. BP of CHG was significantly lower than BP of Control in experimental time (p<0.05). Serum lipid profiles were not differ significantly among groups (p<0.05). These data suggest that casein hydrolysate may beneficially improvement of blood pressure level in SHR.
Antihypertensive effects of dietary protein and its mechanism; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at increased risk of stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Both genetic and lifestyle factors, particularly diet, have been attributed an important role in the development of hypertension. Reducing dietary sugar and salt intake can help lower blood pressure; similarly, adequate protein intake may also attenuate hypertension. Observational, cross-sectional and longitudinal epidemiological studies, and controlled clinical trials, have documented significant inverse associations between protein intake and blood pressure. Human and animal studies have shown that specific amino acids within proteins may have antihypertensive effects. Cysteine, glutathione (a tripeptide), glutamate and arginine attenuate and prevent alterations that cause hypertension including insulin resistance, decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, altered renin angiotensin system function, increased oxidative stress and formation of advanced glycation end products. Leucine increases protein synthesis in skeletal muscle and improves insulin resistance by modulating hepatic gluconeogenesis. Taurine and tryptophan attenuate sympathetic nervous system activity. Soy protein helps lower blood pressure through its high arginine content and antioxidant activity exhibited by isoflavones. A diet containing an ample amount of protein may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension; one example is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, lean meat, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, which are good sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals and fibre. Including an adequate supply of soy in the diet should also be encouraged.
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To Update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
Lipolysis in reduced sodium Feta cheese made by partial substitution of NaCl by KCl; Feta cheese (five trials) of different sodium content was made from split lots of curd by varying the salting procedure, i.e. dry salting with NaCl (control) or mixtures of NaCl/KCl (3:1 or 1 :1, w/w basis) and filling the cans with brine made with NaCl or the above NaCl/KCl mixtures, respectively. Lipolysis in cheese was monitored during aging by using the acid degree value (ADV) method and gas chromatography (GC) It was found that the ADVs of control and experimental cheeses were similar (P > 0.05) at all sampling ages (3, 20, 40, 60, 120 and 240 d). Moreover, the results of GC showed that there were neither qualitative nor significant (P > 0.05) quantitative differences in the individual free fatty acids (FFA) of the control and experimental cheeses at the ages of 40 and 120 d. These findings indicated that the partial substitution of NaCl by KCl in the manufacture of Feta cheese had no effect on lipolysis during cheese aging, (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of probiotic foods and supplements on blood pressure: a systematic review of meta-analyses studies of controlled trials; Objective Recent evidences suggested that hypertension was associated with changes in gut microbiota composition. As intervention with probiotics might be considered as one of the approaches for modulating gut microbiota, the objective of the present study was to systematically review the meta-analyses of controlled trials (CTs) to elucidate the effects of probiotics on blood pressure. Methods We searched PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases until November 2019 to explore all the meta-analyses conducted on the CTs assessing the efficacy of probiotics in the management of blood pressure (BP). Meta-analyses performed on in vitro, animal or observational studies were excluded from the study. References of the included studies were also screened to obtain further eligible publications. Results From the 111 records which were identified during the literature search, 5 meta-analyses met the selection criteria. Total sample size was 2703 subjects (1009 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM)), aged 12-75 years from both sexes. Results of meta-analyses have been shown a moderate effect of probiotics on BP in hypertensive adults with/without T2DM; from 3.10 to 5.04 mmHg for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and from 0.39 to 3.84 mmHg for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) after 3-24 weeks consumption. These effects were greater in adults with BP >= 130/85, by dairy products, by Asian fermented products with multiple species and higher dose of probiotics (>= 10(11) colony forming units (CFU)). Conclusion It seems probiotic foods and supplements which were contained high dose multiple species of probiotic bacteria could be more effective in BP control.
Lifestyle modifications to prevent and manage hypertension for exercise physiologists and fitness professionals; Information tailored to the interest of exercise physiologists and fitness professionals is provided regarding the Canadian Hypertension Society's 2005 evidence-based recommendations on lifestyle modfications for the prevention and management of hypertension. The evidence from randomized controlled (RC) trials and systematic reviews of RC trials published in peer reviewed journals was reviewed by subject matter experts and then appraised independently by content and methodology experts. Blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome. All recommendations were debated and then voted on by the 43 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program's Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force and achieved at least 95% consensus. Lifestyle modifications to prevent and/or manage hypertension include: (1) perform 30-60 minutes of aerobic exercise on 4-7 days of the week; (2) maintain a healthy body weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (< 102 cm for men and < 88 cm for women); (3) limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week in men or 9 standard drinks per week in women; (4)follow a diet that emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and which is reduced in fat and cholesterol (DASH diet); (5) restrict salt intake; and (6) consider stress management in selected individuals.
Effects of comprehensive lifestyle modification on blood pressure - Control main results of the PREMIER clinical trial; Context Weight loss, sodium reduction, increased physical activity, and limited alcohol intake are established recommendations that reduce blood pressure (BP). The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet also lowers BP. To date, no trial has evaluated the effects of simultaneously implementing these lifestyle recommendations.
Effects of high-quality protein supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with metabolic diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Uncertainties still existed about the effect of high-quality protein supplementation on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, although high-quality proteins such as soy and milk proteins have proposed to be beneficial for cardiometabolic health. Methods: A systematic search in PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and Embase was conducted to quantify the impact of high-quality protein on CVD risk factors. Results: 63 RCTs on 4 types of high-quality protein including soy protein, milk protein, whey, and casein were evaluated. Soy protein supplementation decreased systolic blood pressure (SBP, -1.42 [-2.68, -0.17] mmHg), total cholesterol (TC, -0.18 [-0.30, -0.07] mmol/L), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C, -0.16 [-0.27, -0.05] mmol/L). Milk protein supplementation decreased SBP (-2.30 [-3.45, -1.15] mmHg) and total cholesterol (-0.27 [-0.51, -0.03] mmol/L). Whey supplementation decreased SBP (-2.20 [-3.89, -0.51] mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (DBP, -1.07 [-1.98, -0.16] mmHg), triglycerides (-0.10 [-0.17, -0.03] mmol/L), TC (-0.18 [-0.35, -0.01] mmol/L), LDL-C (-0.09 [-0.16, -0.01] mmol/L) and fasting blood insulin (FBI, -2.02 [-3.75, -0.29] pmol/L). Casein supplementation decreased SBP (-4.10 [-8.05, -0.14] mmHg). In the pooled analysis of four high-quality proteins, differential effects were seen in individuals with different health status. In hypertensive individuals, high-quality proteins decreased both SBP (-2.69 [-3.50, -1.87] mmHg) and DBP (-1.34 [-2.09, -0.60] mmHg). In overweight/obese individuals, high-quality proteins improved SBP (-1.40 [-2.22, -0.59] mmHg), DBP (-2.59 [-3.20, -1.98] mmHg), triglycerides (-0.09 [-0.15, -0.02] mmol/L), TC (-0.14 [-0.22, -0.05] mmol/L), LDL-C (-0.12 [-0.16, -0.07] mmol/L), and HDL-C levels (0.02 [0.01, 0.04] mmol/L). According to the benefits on CVD risks factors, whey ranked top for improving cardiometabolic health in hypertensive or overweight/obese individuals. Conclusion: Our study supports a beneficial role of high-quality protein supplementation to reduce CVD risk factors. Further studies are still warranted to investigate the effects of different high-quality proteins on CVD risks in individuals with cardiometabolic disorders. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
The Effects of an Olive Fruit Polyphenol-Enriched Yogurt on Body Composition, Blood Redox Status, Physiological and Metabolic Parameters and Yogurt Microflora; In the present study we investigated the effects of an olive polyphenol-enriched yogurt on yogurt microflora, as well as hematological, physiological and metabolic parameters, blood redox status and body composition. In a randomized double-blind, crossover design, 16 (6 men, 10 women) nonsmoking volunteers with non-declared pathology consumed either 400 g of olive fruit polyphenol-enriched yogurt with 50 mg of encapsulated olive polyphenols (experimental condition-EC) or 400 g of plain yogurt (control condition CC) every day for two weeks. Physiological measurements and blood collection were performed before and after two weeks of each condition. The results showed that body weight, body mass index, hip circumference and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly (p < 0.05) following the two-week consumption of yogurt regardless of condition. A tendency towards significance for decreased levels of low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (p = 0.06) and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (p < 0.05) following two weeks of polyphenol-enriched yogurt consumption was observed. The population of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and production of lactate in yogurt were significantly enhanced after addition of olive polyphenols, contrary to the population of yeasts and molds. The results indicate that consumption of the polyphenol-enriched yogurt may help individuals with non-declared pathology reduce body weight, blood pressure, LDL cholesterol levels and lipid peroxidation, and promote growth of beneficial LAB.
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010.
Descriptive characteristics of the dietary patterns used in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial was a randomized, multicenter, controlled feeding study to compare the effect on blood pressure of 3 dietary patterns: control, fruits and vegetables, and combination diets. The patterns differed in selected nutrients hypothesized to alter blood pressure. This article examines the food-group structure and nutrient composition of the study diets and reports participant nutrient consumption during intervention. Participants consumed the control dietary pattern during a 3-week run-in period. They were then randomized either to continue on the control diet or to change to the fruits and vegetables or the combination diet for 8 weeks. Sodium intake and body weight were constant during the entire feeding period. Analysis of variance models compared the nutrient content of the 3 diets. Targeting a few nutrients thought to influence blood pressure resulted in diets that were profoundly different in their food-group and nutrient composition. The control and fruits and vegetables diets contained more oils, table fats, salad dressings, and red meats and were higher in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol than was the combination diet. The fruits and vegetables and combination diets contained relatively more servings of fruits, juices, vegetables, and nuts/seeds, and were higher in magnesium, potassium, and fiber than was the control diet. Both the fruits and vegetables and combination diets were low in sweets and sugar-containing drinks. The combination diet contained a greater variety of fruits, and its high calcium content was obtained by increasing low-fat dairy products. In addition, the distinct food grouping pattern across the 3 diets resulted in substantial differences in the levels of vitamins A, C, E, folate, B-6, and zinc.
Effects of probiotics consumption on lowering lipids and CVD risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; This meta-analysis examined the effect of probiotics on the reduction of lipid components and coexisting risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease. All randomized controlled trials published in English on PubMed and Scopus from 2000 to 2014 were systematically searched. Using the PEDro scale to assess the quality of studies, a total of 15 studies with 788 subjects were selected for inclusion in the analysis. The mean difference and effect size with a 95% confidence interval (CI) were extracted from individual studies. Statistically significant pooled effects of probiotics were found on reduction of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and inflammatory markers. Subgroup analysis revealed statistically significant effects of probiotics on total cholesterol and LDL when the medium was fermented milk or yogurt (P < 0.001) compared to capsule form, consumption was at least 8 weeks in duration (P < 0.001), and the probiotics consisted of multiple strains (P < 0.001) rather than a single strain. A significant reduction was found in LDL in trials which contained Lactobacillus Acidophilus strain (P < 0.001) compared to other types of strains. Our findings suggest that probiotic supplementation use is effective in lowering the lipid level and coexisting factors associated with cardiovascular disease.
The DASH diet, sodium intake and blood pressure trial (DASH-sodium): Rationale and design; The DASH Diet, Sodium Intake and Blood Pressure Trial (DASH-Sodium) is a multicenter, randomized trial comparing the effects of 3 levels of sodium intake and 2 dietary patterns on blood pressure among adults with higher than optimal blood pressure or with stage 1 hypertension (120-159/80-95 mm Hg). The 2 dietary patterns are a control diet typical of what many Americans eat, and the DASH diet, which, by comparison, emphasizes fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods, includes whole grains, poultry, fish, and nuts, and is reduced in fats, red meat, sweets, and sugar-containing beverages. The 3 sodium levels are defined as higher (typical of current US consumption), intermediate (reflecting the upper limit of current US recommendations), and lower (reflecting potentially optimal levels). Participants are randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 dietary patterns using a parallel group design and are fed each of the 3 sodium levels using a randomized crossover design. The study provides participants with all of their food during a 2-week run-in feeding period and three 30-day intervention feeding periods. Participants attend the clinic for 1 meal per day, 5 days per week, and take home food for other meals. Weight is monitored and individual energy intake adjusted to maintain baseline weight. The primary outcome is systolic blood pressure measured at the end of each intervention feeding period. Systolic blood pressure is compared across the 3 sodium levels within each diet and across the 2 diets within each sodium level. If effects previously observed in clinical trials are additive, sodium reduction and the DASH diet together may lower blood pressure to an extent not as yet demonstrated for nonpharmacologic treatment. The DASH-Sodium results will have important implications for the prevention and treatment of high blood pressure.
Factors Influencing Dietary Protein Sources in the PREMIER Trial Population; Previous research suggests that protein intake, particularly plant protein, may benefit blood pressure control. However, very little has been published regarding protein sources in diets of US adults and factors influencing these choices. The purpose of this report is to describe specific sources of animal and plant proteins in diets of PREMIER clinical trial participants at baseline and how the PREMIER intervention, along with participant demographics, affected protein sources. Adult participants (n=809) who completed the 18-month PREMIER lifestyle intervention trial and had at least one diet recall at each of three study visits were included. Participants were recruited from four clinical centers in the Eastern, Southern, and Northeastern regions of United States. The PREMIER trial, conducted from 1999 to 2002, compared the impact on blood pressure of two structured behavioral interventions focusing on the traditional lifestyle modifications for blood pressure control with or without the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary pattern. Protein sources were assessed by two unannounced 24-hour recalls at each of three study visits. Differences in protein sources were mainly related to participant demographics, with relatively moderate impact of the intervention. The top four protein sources for all the study participants were poultry, dairy, refined grains and beef, each contributing approximately 10% to 17% in descending order to the total protein intake at baseline. Animal and plant protein each comprised approximately 66% and 34%, respectively, to the total daily protein intake at baseline, and such overall contribution pattern remained relatively constant over time. However, sex, race, age, and body weight status all influenced contribution patterns from different food groups significantly. These influences significantly impact choice and are essential elements to consider when designing intervention programs to alter protein contributions from animal vs plant sources. J Am Diet Assoc. 2010;110:291-295.
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009.
Evaluation of dietary pattern in early pregnancy using the FIGO Nutrition Checklist compared to a food frequency questionnaire; Objective To evaluate the reliability and utility of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify dietary and nutritional inadequacy in early pregnancy by comparing it against nutritional indicators and dietary quality indices (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension [DASH] score, Mediterranean Diet Score [MDS], and Dietary Quality Index-International [DQI-I]), derived by a locally validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Methods A prospective cohort study of healthy Chinese pregnant women randomly recruited between September 2017 and April 2018 at their first antenatal appointment. Women completed the FIGO Nutrition Checklist (translated into Chinese) and the FFQ. Spearman correlation was performed to examine association between the Checklist and dietary quality indices or food and nutrient intakes, calculated based on dietary data from the FFQ. Results Of 160 participants, 156 (97.5%) completed both the FIGO Nutrition Checklist and FFQ and were included. There were 148 (95%) women who reported at least one suboptimal dietary behavior using the Checklist. Checklist score was significantly associated with dietary quality indices (DASH rho=0.344,P<0.001; DQI-I rho=0.304,P<0.001; MDS rho=0.164,P=0.041). The Checklist question on fruit/vegetables was significantly associated with fiber, vitamin C, and fruit and vegetable intake as calculated from the FFQ (0.325 <= rho <= 0.441,P<0.001). The question on dairy intake was significantly associated with intake of calcium, milk and dairy products captured via FFQ (0.576 <= rho <= 0.655,P<0.001). Conclusion This study supports the use of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist to identify women with suboptimal dietary quality in early pregnancy.
Spontaneously hypertensive rats are resistant to hypercholesterolaemia-induced atherosclerosis; The objective of the present study was to re-evaluate critically the potential of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) as models for diet-induced hypercholesterolaemia and the hypercholestcrolaemia-induced atherosclerosis. Normotensive Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY) were used as control animals. Twelve-months-old SHR (n=22) and WKY (n=17) male rats, were randomly divided into two groups each and fed one of the following diets for 12 consecutive weeks: the control diet i.e. the basal AIN-93M diet and the hypercholesterolaemic diet (g/100g: cholesterol 1, cholic acid 0.5 and butter 20). The hypercholesterolaemic diet increased highly significantly (P < 0.001) serum total cholesterol concentrations in both WKY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR (control vs high cholesterol) rats (2.59 +/- 0.20 vs 6.54 +/- 0.33 and 2.52 +/- 0.20 vs 6.64 +/- 0.89 mmol/L, respectively). The same was true for LDL-cholesterol (0.75 +/- 0.09 vs 4.22 +/- 0.26 and 0.84 +/- 0.05 vs 4.62 +/- 0.69 mmol/L, respectively). HDL-cholesterol concentrations were also moderately increased in cholesterol-fed rats (1.46 +/- 0.10 vs 1.95 +/- 0.09 and 1.24 +/- 0.08 vs 1.53 +/- 0.17 mmol/L, respectively) whereas triglicerydes were unaffected. As regards lipid profile, the only effect of animal strain was that noted for SHR rats in which HDL cholesterol concentrations were significantly (P < 0.05) lower than in WKY rats (1.39 +/- 0.10 vs 1.69 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, respectively). Serum concentrations of MCP-1 were elevated in both WXY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR rats (control vs high cholesterol, 41.22 +/- 7.98 vs 156.10 +/- 20.66 and 84.88 +/- 49.40 vs 181.65 +/- 38.40 pg/mL, respectively) though only in WKY rats this increase reached statistical significance. Either in WKY or SHR rats, the hypercholesterolaemic diet had no significant effect on endothelium-dependent nor endothelium-independent vasodilation in aorta induced by acetylcholine or SNAP, respectively.. Histological examination of proximal aortas from WKY (control vs high-cholesterol) and SHR (control vs high-cholesterol) rats did not show any structural changes, indicative of atherosclerotic plaque formation. We conclude that diet induced hypercholesterolaemia does not lead to progression of atherosclerosis in SHR rats. Hence, hypertensive rats, fed hypercholesterolaemic diet, are not appropriate models for human hypercholesterolaemia and atherosclerosis.
The Effect of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Consumption on Human Blood Pressure: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Objectives: Previous clinical studies have shown controversial results regarding the effect of Lactobacillus supplementation on blood pressure (BP). The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to examine the effect of Lactobacillus consumption on BP.
The effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are a significant and growing burden on global health services, and it is now accepted that impairment of vascular function represents a major preliminary step in the development of CVD. There is considerable interest in identifying both causal factors of impaired vascular function, as well as related nutritional factors that may lower the risk of developing CVD, and food-derived bioactive peptides and amino acids have emerged as one such area. Dairy foods contain two groups of proteins, whey proteins and caseins, which represent a rich source of bioactive peptides that are released during food processing and/or digestion. These peptides have a number of physiological activities including the potential to reduce blood pressure. Research, including acute and longer-term randomised controlled trials, animal models and in vitro models has demonstrated the potential impact of dairy proteins on vascular function. The purpose of this paper is to narratively review the evidence, primarily from randomised controlled trials, examining the effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function and related issues including blood pressure. In addition, it will explore the potential underlying mechanisms responsible for these effects. It concludes that there is increasing evidence that whey proteins, and notably the bioactive peptides and amino acids released during their digestion, can have beneficial effects on aspects of vascular function and thus contribute to CVD risk reduction. It also highlights a number of beneficial effects of whey proteins including those on blood pressure, arterial stiffness, nitric oxide production and inflammation.
Effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet, high in animal or plant protein on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome patients: A randomized clinical trial; Aims: This study aimed to investigate the effect of replacing plant proteins with animal proteins in the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese metabolic syndrome participants.Methods: In this double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial, 90 obese patients with metabolic syndrome, aged 30-70 years were randomly allocated into the DASH diet based on plant or animal proteins for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected to assess the biochemical markers. Also, blood pressure, weight, and waist circumference (WC) were measured at the beginning and end of the trial.Results: The participants in both groups experienced significant reductions in the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), triglyceride (TG) concentrations, weight and WC. However the reduction in FPG and SBP was higher in the plant-based DASH group, compared to the animal -based DASH group, after adjustment for weight change. No significant changes were found within or between groups with regard to total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C.Conclusions: Substituting plant proteins with animal proteins in the DASH diet improves FPG and SBP in obese individuals with metabolic syndrome, independent of weight change. IRCT registration number: IRCT20090203001640N16.
Effects of Dietary Patterns on Serum Urate: Results From a Randomized Trial of the Effects of Diet on Hypertension; Objective To determine whether the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet or an alternative, simplified diet, emphasizing high-fiber fruits and vegetables (the FV diet), lowers serum urate levels.
Association of BMI and nutritional habits with hypertension in the adult population of Croatia; Objective: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the distribution of hypertension, its nutritional and other determinants and their association in Croatia.
Dietary approach to hypertension based on low glycaemic index and principles of DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension): a randomised trial in a primary care service; Hypertension is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Brazil. Diet may play an important role in reducing blood pressure (BP), as has been shown for diets high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products and low in salt (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Na). A low-glycaemic index Brazilian diet combined with the principles of the DASH-Na diet was evaluated in a randomised study of 206 individuals who were followed for 6 months. In the control group (CG), counselling was based on standard care and mainly focused on salt intake reduction. An intention-to-treat analysis showed that, after 6 months, systolic BP was reduced by 14.4 mmHg and diastolic BP by 9.7 mmHg in the experimental group (EG), compared with 6.7 and 4.6 mmHg, respectively, in the CG. After adjusting for body weight, BP at baseline and age, these changes were 12.1 and 7.9 mmHg, respectively. Urinary Na excretion was also reduced by 43.4 mEq/24 h in the EG. Food intake was modified accordingly during the intervention with an increase in the consumption of vegetables (2.97-5.85 frequency of consumption measured in three non-consecutive days), fruits (4.09-718), beans (1.94-313) and fish (1.80-2.74) by the EG. The present study showed the feasibility of a Brazilian dietary approach to treating hypertension by reducing urinary Na excretion and BP, changes that may have a great impact on public health and promote the benefits of controlling hypertension.
Acceptability of sodium-reduced research diets, including the dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, among adults with prehypertension and stage 1 hypertension; Objective Examine the acceptability of sodium-reduced research diets.
Effect of Dietary Intake Through Whole Foods on Cognitive Function: Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Purpose of Review This review evaluated recent randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the chronic intake of whole foods associated with the Mediterranean, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurogenerative Delay (MIND), and ketogenic (KETO) diets on cognitive function. Recent Findings We identified RCTs related to olive oil (N = 3), nuts (N = 7), fatty fish (N = 1), lean meats (N = 4), fruits and vegetables (N = 9), legumes (N = 1), and low-fat dairy (N = 4), with 26/29 reporting positive results on at least one measure of cognition. We also identified 6 RCTs related to whole food-induced KETO diets, with half reporting positive effects on cognition. Summary Variations in study design (i.e., generally the studies are < 6 months and include middle-aged and older, cognitively intact participants) and small sample sizes make it difficult to draw conclusions across studies; however, the current evidence from RCTs generally supports individual component intakes of these dietary patterns as an effective, nonpharmacological approach to improve cognitive health in adults.
Reducing hypertensive cardiovascular disease risk of African Americans with diet: Focus on the facts; Hypertension is more common and more severe in African Americans than in other population groups in the United States, placing them at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and end-stage renal disease. Whereas past efforts to reduce blood pressure (BP) via the diet centered on manipulating isolated nutrients, there are now conclusive data demonstrating that it is not single dietary components but the overall dietary pattern that has the greatest influence on BP. A nutritionally complete diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been clearly proven to significantly lower BP in all population groups. This diet, commonly referred to as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, has been tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations and documented the greatest beneficial effects in hypertensive African Americans. Improving diet quality has been shown to be simply implemented without adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose maldigestion. It is also known to beneficially affect other cardiovascular risk factors and is in keeping with dietary recommendations for prevention of some cancers and osteoporosis. This paper reviews the current data relating dietary patterns to BP control, and advocates dietary recommendations that can accomplish their intended objective of enhancing the health of Americans by promoting safe, feasible, and proven-effective means of doing so. In the case of hypertension prevention and treatment, and thus the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk, overall diet quality should be the primary focus of nutritional recommendations.
The Effect of Dietary Patterns on Estimated Coronary Heart Disease Risk Results From the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; Background-The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet is recommended in the 2005 US Dietary Guidelines. To understand the potential benefits of DASH on coronary heart disease (CHD), we applied the Framingham risk equations to calculate 10-year risk of developing CHD using data from the DASH trial.
The Effects of Dietary Patterns on Urinary Albumin Excretion: Results of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; Background: Dietary studies designed to decrease the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) typically reduce protein by increasing lower protein plant foods and decreasing higher protein animal products.
Acute effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight postmenopausal women; Previous evidence indicates that chronic consumption of dairy whey proteins has beneficial effects on CVD risk factors. The present study investigated the postprandial effects of whey protein isolate on blood pressure, vascular function and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese postmenopausal women. This was a randomised, three-way cross-over design study where twenty overweight and obese postmenopausal women consumed a breakfast meal in conjunction with one of three supplements: 45 g whey protein isolate, 45 g sodium caseinate or 45 g of a glucose control. Fasting and postprandial blood samples, blood pressure and pulse wave analysis readings were taken for up to 6 h. After consumption of the meal, both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and augmentation index (AI) decreased initially for all interventions and gradually returned to baseline levels by 6 h. However, there were no significant differences in AI, systolic or diastolic blood pressure within or between the glucose control, casein or whey groups. There were also no significant group effects on plasma inflammatory markers (IL-6, TNF-alpha and C-reactive protein). The health effects previously seen with chronic whey protein ingestion were not seen in the acute 6 h postprandial period in relation to blood pressure, vascular function or inflammatory markers when compared with casein and a glucose control. This suggests that such effects are better observed from the long-term consumption of whey proteins.
Comparison of the effect of daily versus bolus dose maternal vitamin D<sub>3</sub> supplementation on the 24,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> to 25-hydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> ratio; Objective: Supplementing lactating mothers with high doses of vitamin D-3 can adequately meet vitamin D requirements of the breastfed infant. We compared the effect of bolus versus daily vitamin D-3 dosing in lactating mothers on vitamin D-3 catabolism. We hypothesized that catabolism of 25(OH)D-3 to 24,25(OH)(2)D-3 would be greater in the bolus than in the daily dose group.
PRAdA Intervention: Effects on Weight of Dietary Intervention among Treated Hypertensive Portuguese Natives and African Immigrants; Introduction: Blood pressure is significantly improved with weight loss. Behavioral interventions for weight loss seem to be less successful in African immigrants. Our main aims were to assess the effect of a dietary and lifestyle intervention on weight among hypertensive Portuguese natives and immigrants and to identify success factors for weight loss, and also to evaluate changes in knowledge and compliance with food recommendations.
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood pressure in hypertensive and prehypertensive patients: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Introduction Lifestyle modification is one of the cornerstones in the management of hypertension. According to the most recent guidelines by the American Heart Association, all patients with hypertension should adopt the following dietary advices: increased consumption of fresh fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products and sodium reduction. The aim of the present study is to assess the efficacy of different dietary approaches on systolic and diastolic blood pressure in patients with hypertension and high normal blood pressure in a systematic review including a pairwise and network meta-analysis of randomised trials.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial; Background & Aims: This study was designed to determine the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on weight loss and metabolic status in overweight patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Methods: This randomized controlled clinical trial was done among 60 overweight and obese patients with NAFLD. Patients were randomly allocated to consume either the control (n = 30) or the DASH eating pattern (n = 30) for 8 weeks. Both diets were designed to be calorie-restricted. Both diets were consisted of 52-55% carbohydrates, 16-18% proteins and 30% total fats; however, the DASH diet was designed to be rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat dairy products and low in saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains. Results: Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared to the control diet, weight (P = 0.006), BMI (P = 0.01), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (P = 0.02), alkalin phosphatase (ALP) (P = 0.001), insulin levels (P = 0.01), homoeostasis model of assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P = 0.01) significantly decreased and quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) (P = 0.004) significantly increased. Compared with the control diet, the DASH diet has resulted in significant reductions in serum triglycerides (P = 0.04) and total-/HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.01). Finally, decreased concentrations of serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (P = 0.03), malondialdehyde (MDA) (P = 0.04), increased levels of nitric oxide (NO) (P = 0.01) and glutathione (GSH) (P = 0.009) were found in the DASH group compared with the control group. Conclusions: Consumption of DASH diet for 8 weeks among patients with NAFLD had beneficial effects on weight, BMI, ALT, ALP, triglycerides, markers of insulin metabolism, inflammatory markers, GSH and MDA.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
Nutrition and physical activity transitions in the Ecuadorian Andes: Differences among urban and rural-dwelling women; Objectives: The nutrition and physical activity transitions, characterized by increased consumption of high energy density foods and more sedentary lifestyles, are associated with increased obesity and hypertension in Ecuador. These transitions have been characterized primarily in urban areas, which may neglect variation in specific rural areas of Ecuador. Therefore we examined the extent of the differences in dietary and activity patterns, obesity prevalence, and blood pressure (BP) in urban and rural-dwelling women in the Ecuadorian central highlands.
The effect of nutrient profiles of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diets on blood pressure and bone metabolism and composition in normotensive and hypertensive rats; Hypertension has been associated with abnormalities of Ca and bone metabolism. Consequently, dietary strategies aimed at reducing blood pressure may also benefit bone health; however, this issue has received little attention. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to investigate the effect of two antihypertensive-type diets on blood pressure and bone metabolism and composition in normotensive (Wistar-Kyoto NHsd, WKY) and hypertensive (spontaneously hypertensive NHsd, SHR) rats. Thirty WKY and thirty SHR male rats, 14 weeks old, were separately randomized by weight into three groups of ten rats each. One group from each strain was given a control diet while the other two groups were fed two anti-hypertensive (high fruit and vegetable (FN) and high fruit and vegetable and low-fat dairy produce (combination)) diets for 8 weeks. SHR rats were significantly (P<0.01) heavier than WKY rats. Blood pressure and femoral length, width, dry weight, ash, Ca, Mg, P and bone mineral mass were significantly (P<0.0001) greater in SHR than WKY rats, but were unaffected by diet, irrespective of strain. While markers of bone formation (serum osteocalcin) and bone resorption (urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline) were similar in both strains, these markers were significantly (P<0.05) lower (28-31, 16-23, 31-33 % respectively) in the SHR rats fed the combination diet relative to those fed the control and FN diets. Bone turnover in WKY rats was unaffected by diet. In conclusion, these findings suggest that the combination diet may benefit bone metabolism in hypertensive animals. However, as blood pressure was unaffected by this diet, the mechanism by which it reduced bone turnover requires further investigation.
Effects of dietary sodium on metabolites: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium Feeding Study; Background: High sodium intake is known to increase blood pressure and is difficult to measure in epidemiologic studies.
SKIN PRETREATMENT AND THE USE OF TRANSDERMAL CLONIDINE; Although therapy with transdermal clonidine is effective in bringing elevated blood pressure under control, this mode of delivery has been associated with localized dermal reactions in a small percentage of patients.  Because anecdotal information suggests that a number of physicians have resorted to various dermal pretreatment strategies in an effort to alleviate or eliminate these dermal reactions, we decided to investigate the two most commonly used pretreatment strategies, to determine if they affected the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of transdermally administered clonidine.  Specifically, we examined the effect of dermal pretreatment with 0.5% hydrocortisone cream and with an over-the-counter antacid, magnesium-aluminum hydroxide suspension, on the pharmacokinetics of transdermal clonidine in 10 adult hypertensive males.  Patients were randomized to receive one of the two pretreatment regimens or therapy with the patch alone, and after 7 days of treatment and a 14-day washout period, patients were crossed over to receive one of the other therapies.  All patients ultimately received all three therapies.
The role of diltiazem in treating hypertension and coronary artery disease: New approaches to preventing first events; OBJECTIVE: To review the role of diltiazem in treating and preventing a group of cardiovascular diseases, including painful and silent cardiac ischemia, stroke, nonfatal myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death, by modulating certain physiological causes that they appear to share.
A dietary approach to prevent hypertension: A review of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study; Background Populations eating mainly vegetarian diets have lower blood pressure levels than those eating omnivorous diets. Epidemiologic findings suggest that eating fruits and vegetables lowers blood pressure.
Role of sodium-restricted dietary approaches to control blood pressure in Pakistani hypertensive population; Objective: To assess the change in systolic and diastolic blood pressure in post-interventional phase through\dietary approaches to stop hypertension/salt-restricted diet.
Feasibility of a clinical trial to assess the effect of dietary calcium <i>v.</i> supplemental calcium on vascular and bone markers in healthy postmenopausal women; Whether supplemental Ca has similar effects to dietary Ca on vascular and bone markers is unknown. The present trial investigated the feasibility of applying dietary and supplemental interventions in a randomised-controlled trial (RCT) aiming to estimate the effect of supplemental Ca as compared with dietary Ca on vascular and bone markers in postmenopausal women. In total, thirteen participants were randomised to a Ca supplement group (CaSuppl) (750 mg Ca from CaCO3+450 mg Ca from food+20 mu g vitamin D supplement) or a Ca diet group (CaDiet) (1200 mg Ca from food+10 mu g vitamin D supplement). Participants were instructed on Ca consumption targets at baseline. Monthly telephone follow-ups were conducted to assess adherence to interventions (+/- 20 % of target total Ca) using the multiple-pass 24-h recall method and reported pill count. Measurements of arterial stiffness, peripheral blood pressure and body composition were performed at baseline and after 6 and 12 months in all participants who completed the trial (n 9). Blood and serum biomarkers were measured at baseline and at 12 months. Both groups were compliant to trial interventions (+/- 20 % of target total Ca intake; pill count 80 %). CaSuppl participants maintained a significantly lower average dietary Ca intake compared with CaDiet participants throughout the trial (453 (sd 187) mg/d v. 1241 (sd 319) mg/d; P<0001). There were no significant differences in selected vascular outcomes between intervention groups over time. Our pilot trial demonstrated the feasibility of conducting a large-scale RCT to estimate the differential effects of supplemental and dietary Ca on vascular and bone health markers in healthy postmenopausal women.
Blood pressure lowering effect of lactotripeptides assumed as functional foods: a meta-analysis of current available clinical trials; The oral assumption of lactotripeptides Valine-Proline-Proline (VPP) and Isoleucine-Proline-Proline (IPP) as nutraceuticals or functional foods is supposed to improve blood pressure (BP) control by angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibition. However, data derived from clinical trials have reached conflicting conclusions. To perform a meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials evaluating the anti-hypertensive effect of lactotripeptides assumed as nutraceuticals or functional foods. Trials identified using a defined search strategy in PubMed were included in the meta-analysis, and their pooled effect was estimated with a random effects model, weighting for the inverse of the variance. Heterogeneity, publication bias, subgroup and meta-regression analyses were performed. A total of 18 trials have been identified, the clinical data of which have been clearly reported. Pooled effect of peptides was a reduction of -3.73 mm Hg (95% CI: -6.70, -1.76) for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and 1.97 mm Hg (95% CI: -3.85, -0.64) for diastolic blood pressure (DBP). The effect was more evident in Asian patients (SBP = -6.93 mm Hg (95% CI: -10.95, -2.94); DBP = -3.98 mm Hg (95% CI: -5.38, -2.44)) than in Caucasian ones (SBP = -1.17 mm Hg (95% CI: -2.82, 0.72); DBP = -0.52 mm Hg (95% CI: -1.39, 0.13)), and apparently not related to age, baseline BP values, dose of lactotripeptides assumed or length of the treatment. VPP and IPP lactotripeptides assumed as functional foods may significantly reduce SBP particularly in Asian subjects. The relevance of this findings in other ethnicities or associated with different dietary pattern should to be further investigated. Journal of Human Hypertension (2011) 25, 425-436; doi:10.1038/jhh.2010.85; published online 2 September 2010
Safety and nutritional assessment of GM plants and derived food and feed:: The role of animal feeding trials; In this report the various elements of the safety and nutritional assessment procedure for genetically modified (GM) plant derived food and feed are discussed, in particular the potential and limitations of animal feeding trials for the safety and nutritional testing of whole GM food and feed. The general principles for the risk assessment of GM plants and derived food and feed are followed, as described in the EFSA guidance document of the EFSA Scientific Panel on Genetically Modified Organisms.
Safety and nutritional assessment of GM plants and derived food and feed: The role of animal feeding trials; In this report the various elements of the safety and nutritional assessment procedure for genetically modified (GM) plant derived food and feed are discussed, in particular the potential and limitations of animal feeding trials for the safety and nutritional testing of whole GM food and feed. The general principles for the risk assessment of GM plants and derived food and feed are followed, as described in the EFSA guidance document of the EFSA Scientific Panel on Genetically Modified Organisms.
DIET-RELATED TOXEMIA IN PREGNANCY .1. FAT, FATTY-ACIDS, AND CHOLESTEROL; Toxemia in pregnancy (preeclampsia) is characterized by a combination of at least 2 of these clinical symptoms: hypertension, edema and proteinuria. In 3 successive trials over 3 consecutive yr the dietary intake of a selected number of young pregnant women attending a Maternal and Infant Care Program at Tuskegee Institute were evaluated for total lipid, individual fatty acids and cholesterol. Women with toxemia or with any of the individual symptoms were identifed and women without toxemia or these symptoms served as controls. Results were variable from repetition to repetition in all but the toxemia group and the edema group. The consumption of total lipids and cholesterol was significantly greater in all 3 trials by the toxemia and edema groups. Total saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids were eaten in greater amounts. The greatest differences were in palmitic acid, stearic acid, oleic acid and linoleic acid. The proportion of unsaturated fatty acids consumed in all groups was very low. All differences could be attributed primarily to breakfast and dinner meals and were found in the milk, meat and egg food groups. Although statistical correlations were found between lipid intake and toxemia of pregnancy any specific relationship between the 2 is still unclear.
Association of fine particulate matter and its constituents with hypertension: the modifying effect of dietary patterns; BackgroundStudies have shown that nutritional supplements could reduce the adverse effects induced by air pollution. However, whether dietary patterns can modify the association of long-term exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and its constituents with hypertension defined by the 2017 ACC/AHA guideline has not been evaluated.MethodsWe included 47,501 Chinese adults from a nationwide cross-sectional study. PM2.5 and five constituents were estimated by satellite-based random forest models. Dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) and alternative Mediterranean diet (AMED) scores were calculated for each participant. Interactions between dietary patterns and air pollution were examined by adding a multiplicative interaction term to logistic models.ResultsLong-term exposure to PM2.5 and its constituents was associated with an increased risk of hypertension and stage 1-2 hypertension. The DASH and AMED scores significantly modified these associations, as individuals with higher scores had a significantly lower risk of air pollution-related hypertension and stage 1-2 hypertension (P-interaction < 0.05), except for interaction between PM2.5, sulfate, nitrate, ammonium, and AMED score on stage 1 hypertension. For each IQR increase in PM2.5, participants with the lowest DASH and AMED quintiles had hypertension risk with ORs (95%CI) of 1.20 (1.10, 1.30) and 1.19 (1.09, 1.29), whereas those with the highest DASH and AMED quintiles had lower risks with 0.98 (0.91, 1.05) and 1.04 (0.97, 1.11). The stratified analysis found modification effect was more prominent in the < 65 years age group. Consuming more fresh vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and dairy would reduce the risk of hypertension caused by PM2.5 and its constituents.ConclusionsDietary patterns rich in antioxidants can reduce long-term exposure to PM2.5 and its constituents-induced hypertension defined by the 2017 ACC/AHA guideline, especially in young and middle-aged individuals. Compared to the Mediterranean diet, the DASH diet offers superior dietary guidance to prevent stage 1 hypertension caused by air pollution.
CAN GENERAL-PRACTITIONERS USE TRAINING IN RELAXATION AND MANAGEMENT OF STRESS TO REDUCE MILD HYPERTENSION; To see whether general practitioners could effectively carry out training in relaxation and management of stress to reduce mild hypertension a study was carried out with a subsample of phase 2 of the Medical Research Council''s treatment of mild hypertension trial. In the main milk hypertension trial patients had been receiving either an active drug or placebo for six years. In phase 2 a subsample of these patients were randomly allocated either to continue or to stop receiving the active drug or placebo. In a further subsample patients were again randomised to receive or not to receive relaxation therapy. This factorial design presented an additional opportunity to assess whether patients controlled with active drugs might have their blood pressure maintained by this behavioural therapy once drug treatment was stopped and to assess whether blood pressure might be further reduced by this therapy in patients who had been under regular medical supervision for as long as six years and  who had already received non-pharmacological advice. The therapy was conducted by general practitioners in group sessions once a week for eight weeks. The training in relaxation was accompanied by galvanic skin resistance biofeedback. At one year follow up blood pressure in the relaxation subgroups was either maintained (in the group who had stopped receiving drugs) or reduced further (in the group who had continued receiving drugs and in both placebo groups), while in the control group it had  increased in all the subgroups, but particularly in those who had stopped receiving drugs. Differences in changes in blood pressure between the relaxation and control groups were significant. There were five new cardiovascular events, including evidence of myocardial ischaemia in blindly coded electrocardiograms in the control group, compared with one in the treatment group. General practitioners, if motivated, can successfully apply this technique of training those with mild hypertension in  relaxation and management of stress.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet retains effectiveness to reduce blood pressure when lean pork is substituted for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein; Background: Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and premature mortality that is improved by the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, nuts, and poultry and fish and reduced intakes of fats, red meats (including pork), sodium, and added sugars.
Effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Efficacy and tolerability of three different doses of oral pimecrolimus in the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis: a randomized controlled trial; Background Adult atopic dermatitis (AD) can seriously affect quality of life of patients and their families, and patients' disease is frequently not satisfactorily controlled with topical therapy. There is a need for alternatives to topical treatment in patients with moderate to severe AD.
The effect of conjugated linoleic acid, a natural <i>trans</i> fat from milk and meat, on human blood pressure: results from a randomized crossover feeding study; Cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a natural trans fatty acid that is largely restricted to ruminant fats and consumed in foods and supplements. Its role in blood pressure (BP) regulation is still unclear. We examined the effect of cis-9, trans-11 CLA on BP compared with oleic acid. A total of 61 healthy volunteers were sequentially fed each of 3 diets for 3 weeks, in random order, for a total of 9 weeks. The diets were identical except for 7% of energy (18.9 g in a diet of 10MJday(-1)) that was provided either by oleic acid, by industrial trans fatty acids or by cis-9, trans-11 CLA. We measured BP on two separate days at the end of each intervention period. At baseline, mean BP was 113.8 +/- 14.4mmHg systolic and 66.3 +/- 9.6mmHg diastolic. The effect of the CLA diet compared with the oleic acid diet was 0.11mmHg (95% confidence interval: -1.27, 1.49) systolic and -0.45mmHg (-1.63, 0.73) diastolic. After the industrial trans fatty acid diet, the effect was 1.13mmHg (-0.25, 2.51) systolic and -0.44mmHg (-1.62, 0.73) diastolic compared with the oleic acid diet. Our study suggests that short-term high intakes of cis-9, trans-11 CLA do not affect BP in healthy volunteers. Journal of Human Hypertension (2012) 26, 127-132; doi:10.1038/jhh.2010.132; published online 27 January 2011
Antihypertensive effect of few-flower wild rice (<i>Zizania latifolia</i> Turcz.) in spontaneously hypertensive rats; The antihypertensive activity of few-flower wild rice was studied in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) with evaluation of blood pressure lowering effects and transcriptional levels of the sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA2a) gene that is regulated by Angiotensin II (Ang II). SHRs were randomly divided into 5 groups with 6 rats each. The systolic blood pressure (SBP) reached the lowest point 3 h after administration of a single dose of paste made from few-flower wild rice stem powder. The SBP of SHR in the relatively high amount of RSP (HRSP) administrated group was reduced by approximately 30 mmHg, compared to the negative control group, and was not significantly different from the positive control IPP control group at a dose of 1.5 mg/kg body weight (p > 0.05). RSP administrated SHRs showed a significantly higher SERCA2a transcription level than negative control SHRs (p < 0.05). RSP administration had no negative effects on glycometabolism of SHR.
A food-based dietary strategy lowers blood pressure in a low socio-economic setting: a randomised study in South Africa; Objective: To assess the impact of a food-based intervention on blood pressure (BP) in free-living South African men and women aged 50-75 years, with drug-treated mild-to-moderate hypertension.
Antihypertensive effect of casein hydrolysate in a placebo-controlled study in subjects with high-normal blood pressure and mild hypertension; We describe a clinical trial to study the efficacy of a casein hydrolysate, prepared using an Aspergillus oryzae protease, containing the major angiotensin-I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) and Ile-Pro-Pro (IPP) in a single-blind, placebo-controlled study. A total of 131 volunteers with high-normal blood pressure and mild hypertension were randomly divided into four groups (n 32 or 33 in each group). Each volunteer was given two tablets containing four different dosages of VPP and IPP (VPP + IPP: 0, 1.8, 2.5 and 3.6 mg), daily for 6 weeks. A significant decrease in systolic blood pressure was observed at 6 weeks in the active group receiving 1.8 mg (P < 0.01) VPP and IPP; in the active groups receiving either 2 center dot 5 mg or 3 center dot 6 mg, systolic blood pressure was decreased at both 3 weeks (P < 0.05 and P < 0.05) and 6 weeks (P < 0.001 and P < 0.0001) compared with systolic blood pressure measured before treatment. Changes in the systolic blood pressure after 6 weeks of treatment in the four groups were -1.7, -6.3, -6.7 and -10.1 mmHg, and these effects were dose dependent. In addition, a significant difference in systolic blood pressure between the placebo group and the VPP and IPP group receiving 3 center dot 6 mg was observed (P < 0.001) by two-way ANOVA. The antihypertensive effect was greater in mildly hypertensive subjects (n 20 or 21 in each group) than in any of the other subjects. No significant change of diastolic blood pressure was observed for all the test groups, and no differences in diastolic blood pressure in the test sample groups compared with the placebo group were observed during the test period.
Nuts: Natural Pleiotropic Nutraceuticals; Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy-dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, high-quality protein, fiber, non-sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all-cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy-dense foods, they do not predispose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PREDIMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by approximate to 30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut-supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health outcomes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
Inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt in spontaneously hypertensive rat hearts; Cardiovascular hypertrophy is a common feature of hypertension and an important risk factor for heart damage. The regression of cardiovascular hypertrophy is currently considered an important therapeutic target in reducing the omplications of hypertension. The aim of this study was to investigate the inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt (PSPY) with high gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) content in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) hearts. Six-week-old male SHRs were separated randomly and equally into 4 experimental groups: sterile water, captopril and 2 PSPY groups with different doses (10 and 100%) for 8 weeks. The changes in myocardial architecture and key molecules of the hypertrophy-related pathway in the excised left ventricle from these rats were determined by histopathological analysis, hematoxylin and eosin staining and western blot analysis. Abnormal myocardial architecture and enlarged interstitial spaces observed in the SHRs were significantly decreased in the captopril and PSPY groups compared with the sterile water group. Moreover, the increases in atrial natriuretic peptide. B-type natriuretic peptide, phosphorilated protein kinase C alpha and calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II levels in the left ventricle were accompanied by hypertension and increases in phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 activities with enhanced cardiac hypertrophy. However, the protein levels of the hypertrophic-related pathways were completely reversed by the administration of PSPY. PSPY may repress the activation of ANP and BNP which subsequently inhibit the dephosphorylation of the nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 3 and ultimately prevent the progression of cardiac hypertrophy.
Effects of 2-year vitamin B12 and folic acid supplementation in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly on arterial stiffness and cardiovascular outcomes within the B-PROOF trial; Introduction: Hyperhomocysteinemia is an important cardiovascular risk indicator in the oldest old, and is associated with elevated arterial stiffness in this age group. Since several intervention trials reported a lack of benefit of B-vitamin supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes, we aimed to investigate the effect of B-vitamin supplementation on arterial stiffness and atherosclerosis in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly patients.
Effects of Potassium Magnesium Citrate Supplementation on 24-Hour Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Oxidative Stress Marker in Prehypertensive and Hypertensive Subjects; Diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, is known to reduce blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. More recently, the DASH diet was shown to reduce oxidative stress in hypertensive and nonhypertensive humans. However, the main nutritional components responsible for these beneficial effects of the DASH diet remain unknown. Because the DASH diet is rich in potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and alkali, we performed a randomized, double -blinded, placebo -controlled study to compare effects of potassium magnesium citrate (KMgCit), potassium chloride (KC1), and potassium citrate (KCit) to allow dissociation of the three components of K, Mg, and citrate on 24 -hour ambulatory BP and urinary 8-isoprostane in hypertensive and prehypertensive subjects, using a randomized crossover design. We found that KC1 supplementation for 4 weeks induced a significant reduction in nighttime SBP compared with placebo (116 +/- 12 vs 121 +/- 15 mm Hg, respectively, p <0.01 vs placebo), whereas KMgCit and KCit had no significant effect in the same subjects (118 +/- 11 and 119 +/- 13 mm Hg, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In contrast, urinary 8-isoprostane was significantly reduced with KMgCit powder compared with placebo (13.5 +/- 5.7 vs 21.1 +/- 10.5 ng/mgCr, respectively, p <0.001), whereas KC1 and KCit had no effect (21.4 9.1 and 18.3 +/- 8.4, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In conclusion, our study demonstrated differential effects of KC1 and KMgCit supplementation on BP and the oxidative stress marker in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects. Clinical significance of the antioxidative effect of KMgCit remains to be determined in future studies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Whey Protein and Its Components Lactalbumin and Lactoferrin Affect Energy Balance and Protect against Stroke Onset and Renal Damage in Salt-Loaded, High-Fat Fed Male Spontaneously Hypertensive Stroke-Prone Rats; Background: Whey protein (WH)-enriched diets are reported to aid in weight loss and to improve cardiovascular health. However, the bioactive components in whey responsible for causing such effects remain unidentified.
Optimum nutritional strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention and rehabilitation (BACPR); Nutrition has a central role in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease yet only relatively recently has food been regarded as a treatment, rather than as an adjunct to established medical and pharmacotherapy. As a field of research, nutrition science is constantly evolving making it difficult for patients and practitioners to ascertain best practice. This is compounded further by the inherent difficulties in performing double-blind randomised controlled trials. This paper covers dietary patterns that are associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes, including the Mediterranean Diet but also low-carbohydrate diets and the potential issues encountered with their implementation. We suggest there must be a refocus away from macronutrients and consideration of whole foods when advising individuals. This approach is fundamental to practice, as clinical guidelines have focused on macronutrients without necessarily considering their source, and ultimately people consume foods containing multiple nutrients. The inclusion of food-based recommendations aids the practitioner to help the patient make genuine and meaningful changes in their diet. We advocate that the cardioprotective diet constructed around the traditional Mediterranean eating pattern (based around vegetables and fruits, nuts, legumes, and unrefined cereals, with modest amounts of fish and shellfish, and fermented dairy products) is still important. However, there are other approaches that can be tried, including low-carbohydrate diets. We encourage practitioners to adopt a flexible dietary approach, being mindful of patient preferences and other comorbidities that may necessitate deviations away from established advice, and advocate for more dietitians in this field to guide the multi-professional team.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Bovine casein hydrolysate (C12 Peptide) reduces blood pressure in prehypertensive subjects; Background: About one in four adults suffer from prehypertension. People with prehypertension are at risk of developing hypertension, being a biomarker for cardiovascular disease risk. The use of milk-derived protein hydrolysates containing peptides with angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibiting properties may reduce blood pressure (BP) and thus the risk of developing hypertension.
DASH diet and change in serum uric acid over time; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet lowers serum uric acid (SUA) levels compared to the typical American (control) diet. However, the time required for the DASH diet to take effect is unknown. We analyzed data from a parallel arm, randomized-controlled trial in pre-hypertensive or hypertensive adults (N = 103), comparing the effects of DASH or a control diet on SUA measured at 30, 60, and 90 days. Effects were examined overall and within stratified subgroups based on baseline SUA status (SUA >= 6 mg/dL vs <6 mg/dL). The mean age of participants was 51.5 +/- 9.7 years, 55% were women, 75% were black, 42% were obese, and 34% had hypertension. Twenty-four of the 103 (23%) participants had a baseline SUA >= 6 mg/dL. Overall, compared to the control, DASH lowered SUA by 0.5 mg/dL at 30 and 90 days. Among participants with baseline SUA >= 6 mg/dL, DASH lowered SUA by 0.8 and 1.0 mg/dL at 30 and 90 days, respectively. These findings demonstrate that the DASH diet reduces SUA within 30 days, with a sustained effect at 90 days, which is informative for healthcare providers counseling patients on time course expectations for uric acid reduction in response to dietary modification.
Lactotripeptides do not lower ambulatory blood pressure in untreated whites: results from 2 controlled multicenter crossover studies; Background: Dietary factors directly influence blood pressure (BP). The lactotripeptides (LTPs) IPP (isoleucine-proline-proline) and VPP (valine-proline-proline), formed by hydrolyzing dairy proteins, and potassium, a mineral mainly found in fruit, vegetables, and dairy products, are extensively studied for their BP-lowering effect. The efficacy of LTPs seems modest in whites compared with that in Asians.
Effects of probiotics supplementation on blood pressure: An umbrella meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: Several meta-analyses have revealed that probiotics could lower blood pressure (BP), but the findings were inconsistent. In this regard, an umbrella meta-analysis was carried out to provide a more accurate estimate of the overall impacts of probiotics supplementation on BP. Data synthesis: We searched the following international databases till November 2021: PubMed, Scopus, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Google Scholar. A random-effects model was applied to eval-uate the effects of probiotics on BP. Sensitivity analysis was performed by using the leave-one-out method. Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) was used to evaluate the certainty of evidence. Pooled effect size of 14 meta-analyses with 15,494 par-ticipants indicated significant decreases in both systolic (Weighted mean difference (WMD) =-1.96 mmHg; 95% confidence interval (CI):-2.78,-1.14, p < 0.001, and standardized mean differ-ence (SMD) =-2.62; 95% CI:-4.96,-0.28, p < 0.001) and diastolic BP (WMD =-1.28 mmHg; 95% CI:-1.76,-0.79, p < 0.001, and SMD =-0.60 mmHg; 95% CI:-1.08,-0.12, p = 0.014) following probiotics supplementation. Greater effects on SBP were revealed in trials with a mean age of >50 years and the duration of intervention & LE;10 weeks. DBP was also more reduced in studies with a dosage of & GE;1010 colony forming unit (CFU), and SBP was decreased in patients with hypertension or diabetes analyzing WMD. Conclusion: The present umbrella meta-analysis suggests probiotics supplementation to improve BP and claims that probiotics could be used as a complementary therapy for controlling high BP. Prospero ID: CRD42022306560. & COPY; 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II Uni-versity. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure - Subgroup analysis of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) randomized clinical trial; Objective: To determine the effects of dietary patterns on blood pressure in subgroups.
Does an antihypertensive diet cost more? Analysis from the Chinese Heart-Healthy diet trial; Objective: To determine whether the Chinese heart-healthy diet (Sichuan cuisine version) (CHH diet-SC) was more expensive than the conventional Sichuan diet and explore the food groups and nutrients that mainly affected the cost of CHH diet-SC. Design: Cost analysis of 4-week intervention diets in the Sichuan center representing southwestern China in the CHH diet study. Setting: A multicentre, parallel-group, single-blind, randomised feeding trial evaluating the efficacy of lowering blood pressure with the cuisine-based CHH diet. Participants: Totally, fifty-three participants with hypertension aged 25-75 years in the Sichuan center were randomised into the control group (n 26) or the CHH diet-SC group (n 27). Results: The CHH diet-SC was more expensive than the control diet (& YEN;27<middle dot>87 +/- 2<middle dot>41 v. & YEN;25<middle dot>18 +/- 2<middle dot>79 equals $3<middle dot>90 +/- 0<middle dot>34 v. $3<middle dot>52 +/- 0<middle dot>39, P < 0<middle dot>001), and the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio for a 1-mm Hg systolic blood pressure reduction was & YEN;9<middle dot>12 ($1<middle dot>28). Intakes and the cost of seafood, dairy products, fruits, soybeans and nuts, whole grains and mixed beans were higher for the CHH diet-SC than for the control diet (P < 0<middle dot>001). Intakes of vitamin B-1, vitamin B-6, vitamin C, Mg and phosphorus were positively correlated with the cost (P < 0<middle dot>05). Conclusions: The CHH diet-SC costs more than the conventional Sichuan diet, partly due to the high cost of specific food groups. Positive correlations between the intakes of vitamin B-1, vitamin B-6, vitamin C, Mg, phosphorus and the dietary cost could be a direction to adjust the composition within the food groups to reduce the cost of the CHH diet-SC.
Clinical management of hypertensive disorders in postpartum women; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) could persist post-partum, or appear for the first time after delivery and could require a pharmacological treatment. It was found no evidence in literature about which therapy should be used in puer-peral hypertension. The aim of this review is to determine the most effective therapy and best in terms of risk-benefit ratio for the treatment of high postpartum systemic arterial blood pressure in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or in those with de-novo diagnosis of hypertension in the puerperium. Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CCRCT), Embase, Medline, and PubMed were searched. The main inclusion criterion was articles regarding postnatal women with hypertension, therapeutic treatment for the manage-ment of hypertension compared with placebo or no therapy, with the exclusion of preeclampsia/eclampsia. Twenty-three studies were included. This review highlights significant evidence gaps, demonstrating that further comparative research is required, particularly to clarify postpartum antihypertensive selection. In conclusion, there is insufficient evidence to recommend a particular therapy or model of care, but calcium channel blockers, beta-blockers, alpha-blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) appeared variably effective.
Workplace staff canteen is associated with lower blood pressure among industry workers; Purpose A staff canteen in the workplace can offer a healthier diet, which may lower the blood pressure (BP). The purpose of this paper is to evaluate whether the presence of staff canteen in the workplace is associated with consumption of healthy food and lower systolic and diastolic BP.
Associations Between Dietary Patterns and Subclinical Cardiac Injury An Observational Analysis From the DASH Trial; Background: The DASH diet has been found to lower blood pressure (BP) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Sources of Dietary Protein in Relation to Blood Pressure in a General Dutch Population; Background: Little is known about the relation of different dietary protein types with blood pressure (BP). We examined whether intake of total, plant, animal, dairy, meat, and grain protein was related to BP in a cross sectional cohort of 20,820 Dutch adults, aged 20-65 y and not using antihypertensive medication.
DASH Dietary Pattern and Cardiometabolic Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern, which emphasizes fruit, vegetables, fat-free/low-fat dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and limits saturated fat, cholesterol, red and processed meats, sweets, added sugars, salt and sugar-sweetened beverages, is widely recommended by international diabetes and heart association guidelines. Objective: To summarize the available evidence for the update of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes (EASD) guidelines, we conducted an umbrella review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach of the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiovascular disease and other cardiometabolic outcomes in prospective cohort studies and its effect on blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials in individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through 3 January 2019. We included systematic reviews and meta-analyses assessing the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiometabolic disease outcomes in prospective cohort studies and the effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized and non-randomized controlled trials. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed the risk of bias of individual studies. The primary outcome was incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the prospective cohort studies and systolic blood pressure in the controlled trials. Secondary outcomes included incident coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes in prospective cohort studies and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials. If the search did not identify an existing systematic review and meta-analysis on a pre-specified outcome, then we conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis. The evidence was summarized as risk ratios (RR) for disease incidence outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for risk factor outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: We identified three systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 15 unique prospective cohort studies (n = 942,140) and four systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 31 unique controlled trials (n = 4,414) across outcomes. We conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis of 2 controlled trials (n = 65) for HbA1c. The DASH dietary pattern was associated with decreased incident cardiovascular disease (RR, 0.80 (0.76-0.85)), coronary heart disease (0.79 (0.71-0.88)), stroke (0.81 (0.72-0.92)), and diabetes (0.82 (0.74-0.92)) in prospective cohort studies and decreased systolic (MD, -5.2 mmHg (95% CI, -7.0 to -3.4)) and diastolic (-2.60 mmHg (-3.50 to -1.70)) blood pressure, Total-C (-0.20 mmol/L (-0.31 to -0.10)), LDL-C (-0.10 mmol/L (-0.20 to -0.01)), HbA1c (-0.53% (-0.62, -0.43)), fasting blood insulin (-0.15 U/mL (-0.22 to -0.08)), and body weight (-1.42 kg (-2.03 to -0.82)) in controlled trials. There was no effect on HDL-C, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, or CRP. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SBP and low for CVD incidence and ranged from very low to moderate for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence allows for the conclusion that the DASH dietary pattern is associated with decreased incidence of cardiovascular disease and improves blood pressure with evidence of other cardiometabolic advantages in people with and without diabetes.
Dietary patterns and components to prevent and treat heart failure: a comprehensive review of human studies; Growing evidence has emerged about the role of dietary patterns and components in heart failure (HF) incidence and severity. The objective here is to provide a comprehensive summary of the current evidence regarding dietary patterns/components and HF. A comprehensive search of online databases was conducted using multiple relevant keywords to identify relevant human studies. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) and Mediterranean diets have consistently been associated with decreased HF incidence and severity. Regarding specific dietary components, fruit, vegetables, legumes and whole grains appear beneficial. Current evidence suggests that red/processed meats, eggs and refined carbohydrates are harmful, while fish, dairy products and poultry remain controversial. However, there is a notable lack of human intervention trials. The existing but limited observational and interventional evidence from human studies suggests that a plant-based dietary pattern high in antioxidants, micronutrients, nitrate and fibre but low in saturated/trans-fat and Na may decrease HF incidence/severity. Potential mechanisms include decreased oxidative stress, homocysteine and inflammation but higher antioxidant defence and NO bioavailability and gut microbiome modulation. Randomised, controlled trials are urgently required.
Effect of <i>Lacticaseibacillus casei</i> LC2W Supplementation on Glucose Metabolism and Gut Microbiota in Subjects at High Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-blinded, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a global epidemic complex and will cause serious metabolic comorbidities without treatment. A prevention strategy for MetS development has been proposed to modulate gut microbiota by probiotic administration to improve intestinal dysbiosis and benefit the host. Lacticaseibacillus casei LC2W has exhibited positive effects in preventing colitis and anti-hypertension in vivo. However, the effect of L. casei LC2W on subjects at high risk of MetS is unknown. Here, a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study was conducted on 60 subjects with high risk of MetS, and the hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activity and possible pathways of L. casei LC2W were inferred from the correlation analysis with gut microbiome composition, function, and clinical phenotypic indicators. The results showed that oral administration of L. casei LC2W could exert significant benefits on weight control, glucose and lipid metabolism, inflammatory and oxidative stress parameters, and SCFA production, as well as modulate the composition of gut microbiota. The relative abundance of Lacticaseibacillus, Bifidobacterium, Dorea, and Blautia was enriched, and their interaction with other gut microbes was strengthened by oral administration of L. casei LC2W, which was beneficial in ameliorating gut inflammation, promoting glucose and lipids degradation pathways, thus alleviated MetS. The present study confirmed the prevention effects of L. casei LC2W towards MetS from aspects of clinical outcomes and microflora modulation, providing an alternative strategy for people at high risk of MetS.
Women in Pakistan have a greater burden of clinical cardiovascular risk factors than men; Aims: Migrant South Asian population in the West, particularly women, is more predisposed to central obesity and metabolic syndromes than native Caucasians. However, the burden of coexistence of clinical risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated gender disparities in native population of South Asia are not known. We analyzed the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) data to study the same in the population of Pakistan.
Blood Pressure Lowering Effect of a Pea Protein Hydrolysate in Hypertensive Rats and Humans; The blood pressure lowering effect of a pea protein hydrolysate (PPH) that contained <3 kDa peptides, isolated by membrane ultrafiltration from the thermolysin digest of pea protein isolate (PPI), was examined using different rat models of hypertension as well as hypertensive human subjects. The PPH showed weak in vitro activities against renin and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) with inhibitory activities of 17 and 19%, respectively, at 1 mg/mL test concentration. Oral administration of the PPH to spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) at doses of 100 and 200 mg/kg body weight led to a lowering of hourly systolic blood pressure (SBP), with a maximum reduction of 19 mmHg at 4 h. In contrast, orally administered unhydrolyzed PPI had no blood pressure reducing effect in SHR, suggesting that thermolysin hydrolysis may have been responsible for releasing bioactive peptides from the native protein. Oral administration of the PPH to the Han:SPRD-cy rat (a model of chronic kidney disease) over an 8-week period led to 29 and 25 mmHg reductions in SBP and diastolic blood pressure, respectively. The PPH-fed rats had lower plasma levels of angiotensin II, the major vasopressor involved in development of hypertension, but there was no effect on plasma activity or renal mRNA levels of ACE. However, renal expression of renin mRNA levels was reduced by approximately 50% in the PPH-fed rats, suggesting that reduced renin may be responsible for the reduced levels of angiotensin U. In a 3-week randomized double blind placebo-controlled crossover human intervention trial (7 volunteers), significant (p < 0.05) reductions (over placebo) in SBP of 5 and 6 mmHg were obtained in the second and third weeks, respectively, for the PPH group. Therefore, thermolysin derived bioactive peptides from PPH reduced blood pressure in hypertensive rats and human subjects, likely via effects on the renal angiotensin system.
EFFECTS OF LACIDIPINE AND NIFEDIPINE ON LOWER-LIMB VEINS IN NONPHLEBOPATHIC PATIENTS; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of lacidipine and nifedipine on lower limb veins, Forty hypertensive patients, aged 30-50 years, with no deep venous thrombosis, venous insufficiency, or hypothyroidism underwent double-blind treatment with placebo (1 week), lacidipine 4 mg once dairy (1 week), and slow-release nifedipine 20 mg twice daily (1 week) in randomized sequence. Echo-color Doppler examination of superficial, deep, communicating, and perforating veins of the legs was performed. The results showed venous insufficiency and hypertension after 1-week administration of lacidipine (5 and 15%, respectively) and nifedipine (10 and 25%, respectively) and only two cases (5%) of venous hypertension during placebo administration. Lower limb edema was observed in two patients (5%) during treatment with nifedipine slow-release: (SR). The hemodynamic effects of lacidipine and nifedipine were reversible but may contribute to the mechanism of lower limb edema.
Perspective: Refined Grains and Health: Genuine Risk, or Guilt by Association?; Refined grain intake is widely assumed to be associated with adverse health outcomes, including increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and obesity. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended that to improve dietary quality, the US population should replace most refined grains with whole grains. This recommendation was based largely on results from studies that examined dietary patterns, not separate food groups. A Western dietary pattern typically includes red and processed meat, sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, French fries, and high-fat dairy products, as well as refined grains, and has been linked to increased risk of many chronic diseases. However, when evaluated as a distinct food category, 11 meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which included a total of 32 publications with data from 24 distinct cohorts, demonstrated that refined grain intake was not associated with all-cause mortality, T2D, CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, hypertension, or cancer. By contrast, consumption of red and processed meat was consistently associated with increased risk of these same health outcomes. Refined grain consumption up to 6-7 servings/d (1 serving=30 g) was not associated with higher risk of CHD, T2D, hypertension, or all-cause mortality. Moreover, total grain intake was not associated with risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, or cancer, but was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. Consequently, the recommendation to reduce refined grain intake based on results from studies linking a Western dietary pattern to numerous adverse health outcomes is contrary to a substantial body of published scientific evidence. Future research needs to better define refined grain intake to distinguish between staple grain foods and indulgent grain foods, and to better design randomized controlled trials to resolve discrepancies between results from observational studies and such trials with regard to determining the benefits of whole grains compared with refined grains.
What else adds to hypertension in predicting stroke?: An incident case-referent study; Objectives. To examine to what extent traditional biomedical risk factors and social factors can predict, separately or jointly, first-ever stroke event, and to explore to what extent other risk factors might add to hypertension/elevated blood pressure as a stroke risk factor.
Manufacture of Kefalograviera cheese with less sodium by partial replacement of NaCl with KCl; Kefalograviera cheeses (five trials) of different sodium content were made from split lots of curd by varying the salting processes, i.e. brine-and dry-salting with NaCl (control) or a mixture of NaCl/KCl (3:1 or 1:1, w/w basis). The results indicated that up to 50% reduction of sodium content in Kefalograviera cheese is feasible, with partial replacement of NaCl by KCl, without an adverse effect on its quality. It was also found that the cheeses made with the mixtures of NaCl/KCl did not exhibit any significant (p > 0.05) difference in compositional (moisture, fat, protein, salt), physico-chemical (pH, a(w)), or textural (force and compression to fracture, hardness, cohesiveness, springiness, gumminess, chewiness) properties in comparison with the control cheese. Kefalograviera cheese of highly acceptable quality, which did not differ (p > 0.05) in sensory characteristics (appearance, body and texture, flavour, total score) from the control cheese, can be produced using a mixture of NaCl and KCl instead of NaCl alone. The Na:K ratio (molecular basis) decreased from 35.3 in the control cheese to 4.2 and 1.4 in the cheeses salted with 3:1 or 1:1 mixture of NaCl/KCl, respectively. The use of the 1:1 NaCl/KCl mixture in the salting of Kefalograviera cheese effectively brought its Na:K ratio close to the desired 1.0, while also greatly reducing the sodium content by about 50%. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
ASSESSMENT OF RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ISCHEMIC HEART DISEASE (IHD) AND DIETARY HABITS; Background: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) also known as atherosclerotic heart disease, coronary heart disease, or Coronary artery disease (CAD) is the most common type of heart disease and cause of heart attacks. the emerging profile of patients with AMI is that the majority are male, relatively younger as compared to Western population, have smoking and hypertension followed by diabetes as the major risk factors. Our study was aimed at assessing the relationship between ischemic heart disease (IHD) and dietary habits.
TREATMENT OF MALIGNANT HYPERTENSION WITH INFUSION OF SODIUM-CHLORIDE - A CASE-REPORT AND A REVIEW; A man, now 46 yr old, 159 cm in height and 39 kg in weight, was diagnosed 5 yr ago as essential hypertension with hypertensive nephropathy. On that occasion, renovascular stenosis was ruled out angiographically. He developed malignant hypertension and was admitted to our hospital. On admission, severe hypertension (260/160 mmHg), hyponatremia (132 meq/l), high reninemia (40.0 ng/ml; normal, 5.0-30.0 ng/ml), high serum aldosterone level (840 pg/ml; normal, 10-100 pg/ml) and advanced retinal changes (KW-III [Keith-Wegener class III]) were found. He lost 10 kg in weight during the preceding 3 mo. Other characteristic laboratory findings were hypopotassemia (3.8 meq/l), hypochloremia (85 meq/l), slight alkalosis, high serum lactate dehydrogenase level, increased cardio-thoracic ratio and milk azotmia (BUN[blood urea nitrogen]-46 mg/100 ml, serum creatinine-3.8 mg/100 ml). As a therapeutic trial, .beta.-blocker and hydralazine were administered but no improvement was obtained. Then, Na was infused in a dose of 328 meq dissolved in 1500 ml water in a time period of 12 h. After the start of Na supplementation (1 h), his blood pressure was dramatically decreased to 174/120 mmHg; 3 h after the infusion, the blood pressure was 149/90 mmHg; 1 h after the end of the infusion, the blood pressure remained as low as 130/90 mmHg. At the end of the infusion serum Na rose to 141 meq/l, PRA [plasma renin activity] decreased to 8.0 ng/ml, serum aldosterone level fell to 250 pg/ml, urinary Na excretion decreased and body weight increased by 1.5 kg. In this patient, extreme hypertension caused an excessive diuresis causing fluid and Na depletion in the body, which, in turn, increased renin release and blood pressure elevation. Malignant hypertension with hyponatremia and emaciation is an indication of parenteral Na supplementation and most important in the control of malignant hypertension is to keep the Na balance in an appropriate range.
Effect of dietary sodium intake on blood lipids - Results from the DASH-Sodium trial; We evaluated the effect on serum lipids of sodium intake in 2 diets. Participants were randomly assigned to a typical American control diet or the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, each prepared with 3 levels of sodium (targeted at 50, 100, and 150 mmol/d per 2100 kcal). The DASH diet is increased in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products and is reduced in saturated and total fat. Within assigned diet, participants ate each sodium level for 30 days. The order of sodium intake was random. Participants were 390 adults, age 22 years or older, with blood pressure of 120 to 159 mm Hg systolic and 80 to 95 mm Hg diastolic. Serum lipids were measured at baseline and at the end of each sodium period. Within each diet, sodium intake did not significantly affect serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, or triglycerides. On the control diet, the ratio of total cholesterol-to-HDL cholesterol increased by 2% from 4.53 on higher sodium to 4.63 on lower sodium intake (P=0.04). On the DASH diet, sodium intake did not affect this ratio. There was no dose-response of sodium intake on serum lipids or the cholesterol ratio in either diet. At each sodium level, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were lower on the DASH diet versus the typical American diet. There were no significant interactions between the effects of sodium and the DASH diet on serum lipids. In conclusion, changes in dietary sodium intake over the range of 50 to 150 mmol/d did not affect blood lipid concentrations.
Association between dietary pattern and risk of cardiovascular disease among adults in the Middle East and North Africa region: a systematic review; Objective: This paper reviews the evidence related to the association of dietary pattern with coronary heart disease (CHD), strokes, and the associated risk factors among adults in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
Sociodemographic Characteristics, Dietary Practices, and Nutritional Status of Adults with Hypertension in a Semi-Rural Community in the Eastern Region of Ghana; Introduction. Hypertension is a major contributor to the global disease burden and mortality. Evidence suggests increasing hypertension prevalence in Ghana but there is limited public awareness and information on the characteristics of those with the disease. Objective. To describe the baseline characteristics of adults with hypertension who were randomized to receive either hypertension related nutrition education plus hospital-based standard of care or only the standard of care (control group) in Asesewa, a semi-rural community in the Eastern Region of Ghana. Only baseline data were used in the present analysis. Methods. A cross-sectional baseline survey was completed for 63 adults with confirmed hypertension diagnosis. Data on sociodemitgraphic characteristics and diet were obtained through interviews and participants' body mass index (BMI) was computed. Pearson chisquare statistic was used to assess differences between those with both elevated diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and those with only elevated SBP. Results. Mean +/- SD age of participants was 54.5 +/- 13.8 years. Approximately 71% of participants had both elevated SBP (>140 mmHg) and DBP (>90 mmHg) while the remaining 29% had only elevated SBP. The median number of times the food groups beneficial to hypertension management were consumed in the preceding week to the interview was 1 for green leafy vegetables, 1 for dairy products, 2 for fruits, and 4 for legumes. Ihe median number of times for consuming harmful food groups was 3 for salted fish and 7 times for fats and oils. Signifcantly more participants in the age group above 50 than the younger participants had elevated SBP (83.3 vs. 16.7:P=0.027) and those with BMI equal to or greater than 25 were more likely to have both elevated SBP and DBP (P=0.047). Conclusions. Findings from this study have implications for the prevention and management of hypertension in this semi-rural population.
Infant nutrition and blood pressure in early adulthood: the Barry Caerphilly Growth study; Background: Evidence suggests that environmental factors acting early in life may affect blood pressure in adulthood.
Modifiable risk factors for age-related macular degeneration; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the leading cause of irreversible blindness in Australia and other Western countries.
Bioactive peptides in the management of lifestyle-related diseases: Current trends and future perspectives; Lifestyle-related diseases constitute a major concern in the twenty-first century, with millions dying worldwide each year due to chosen lifestyles and associated complications such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. Although synthetic drugs have been shown to be quite effective in the treatment of these conditions, safety of these compounds remains a concern. Natural alternatives to drugs include food-derived peptides are now being explored for the prevention and treatment of lifestyle-related complications. Peptides are fragments nascent in the primary protein sequences and could impart health benefits beyond basic nutritional advantages. Evidence suggests that by controlling adipocyte differentiation and lipase activities, bioactive peptides may be able to prevent obesity. Bioactive peptides act as agents against type 2 diabetes because of their ability to inhibit enzymatic activities of DPP-IV, alpha-amylase, and alpha-glucosidase. Moreover, bioactive peptides can act as competitive inhibitors of angiotensin-converting enzyme, thus eliciting an antihypertensive effect. Bioactive peptides may have a hypocholesterolemic effect by inhibiting cholesterol metabolism pathways and cholesterol synthesis. This review addresses current knowledge of the impact of food-derived bioactive peptides on lifestyle diseases. In addition, future insights on the clinical trials, allergenicity, cytotoxicity, gastrointestinal stability, and regulatory approvals have also been considered.
The antihypertensive effect of cysteine; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at an increased risk for stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Essential hypertension results from a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors. One such lifestyle factor is diet, and its role in the control of blood pressure has come under much scrutiny. Just as increased salt and sugar are known to elevate blood pressure, other dietary factors may have antihypertensive effects. Studies including the Optimal Macronutrient Intake to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart) study, Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT), International Study of Salt and Blood Pressure (INTERSALT) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study have demonstrated an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure. One component of dietary protein that may partially account for its antihypertensive effect is the nonessential amino acid cysteine. Studies in hypertensive humans and animal models of hypertension have shown that N-acetylcysteine, a stable cysteine analogue, lowers blood pressure, which substantiates this idea. Cysteine may exert its antihypertensive effects directly or through its storage form, glutathione, by decreasing oxidative stress, improving insulin resistance and glucose metabolism, lowering advanced glycation end products, and modulating levels of nitric oxide and other vasoactive molecules. Therefore, adopting a balanced diet containing cysteine-rich proteins may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension. An example of such a diet is the DASH diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products.
Microbiota patterns and risk of cardiometabolic disease - opportunities for intervention?; In every human being, there is a substantial proportion (1-2 kg) of total body weight constituted by the gut microbiota content in the gastro-intestinal system. Recent research findings, based on mapping of the microbiome, have stated that in healthy subjects, the gut microbiota richness and diversity is higher as compared to obese subjects or patients suffering from cardiometabolic disease, or even long-standing hypertension when a different and less rich pattern is seen (dysbiosis). Intervention with certain food constituents, e.g. Mediterranean diet or dairy products such as lactobacillae-containing yoghurt, holds promise that this could be of benefit for improved organ function, improved metabolism and lowering disease risk. Randomized, controlled intervention studies are needed to test the hypothesis that a reduction in dysbiosis induced by external dietary interventions could translate into health benefits.
Effects on blood pressure of reduced dietary sodium and the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet.; Background: The effect of dietary composition on blood pressure is a subject of public health importance. We studied the effect of different levels of dietary sodium, in conjunction with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is rich in vegetables, fruits, and low-fat dairy products, in persons with and in those without hypertension.
Effect of angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptide from rice dregs protein on antihypertensive activity in spontaneously hypertensive rats; Background: Angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitory peptide has good effect on blood pressure regulation. Therefore, research to find and develop safer, effective and economical ACE inhibitors is necessary for the prevention and remedy of hypertension. So food-derived ACE inhibitory peptides isolated from food or from enzymatic digestion of food proteins are the safe and efficient substitution for human health.
Clinical and epidemiological determinants of sodium and potassium levels in the colostrum of nursing mothers with and without hypertension in Brazil; This study aimed to determine whether maternal hypertension and other clinical and epidemiological determinants have an impact on sodium and potassium levels in the 48-hour colostrum of breastfeeding mothers. The study included 105 randomly selected breastfeeding mothers, of whom 72 (68.8%) had normal blood pressure and 33 (31.4%) were hypertensive. Colostrum was collected in-hospital in the morning, and sodium and potassium concentrations were measured using a flame photometer. When sodium and potassium concentrations were compared to the variables age, parity, family history of hypertension, gestational age, birth weight, and socioeconomic factors, colostrum potassium level was associated with maternal age. Average sodium and potassium levels in 48-hour colostrum non-hypertensive and hypertensive breastfeeding mothers showed no significant differences. Thus, breastfeeding by hypertensive mothers probably does not increase the risk of their children developing hypertension in adulthood.
Effect of Probiotic Supplementation on Blood Pressure of Females with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Double Blind Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Despite progress in the control and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnant females, these patients remain at risk of disease complications.
Adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet in relation to obesity among Iranian female nurses; Objective: Limited observational studies have considered habitual consumption of the general population to examine the relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and obesity. The aim of the present study was to investigate adherence to the DASH diet in relation to general and central obesity among female nurses in Isfahan, Iran.
A randomized double-masked crossover study comparing latanoprost 0.005% with unoprostone 0.12% in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension; PURPOSE: To compare the intraocular pressure)-lowering effect and side effects of latanoprost 0.005% once daily with unoprostone 0.12% twice daily.
AMLODIPINE VERSUS ATENOLOL IN ESSENTIAL-HYPERTENSION; The efficacy and safety of amlodipine (2.5-10 mg) once daily was compared with atenolol (50-100 mg) once daily In patients with mild-to-moderate essential hypertension in a randomized, double- blind, parallel, placebo-controlled study. A total of 125 patients were randomly allocated at the end of a 4-week run-in placebo period to 8 weeks of double-blind treatment with amlodipine (n = 41), atenolol (n = 43), or placebo (n = 41). The placebo group had small mean changes in supine and standing blood pressure compared with baseline. The mean blood pressure changes from baseline 24 hours postdose in the amlodipine group (mean dairy dose 8.8 mg) were -12.8/-10.1 mm Hg for supine blood pressure and -11.5/-9.8 mm Hg for standing blood pressure (p <0.001 compared with placebo), and for the atenotol group (mean daily dose 83.7 mg) the changes were -11.3/-11.7 mm Hg for supine blood pressure and -13.3/-12.3 mm Hg for standing blood pressure(p <0.001 compared with placebo). There were no statistically significant blood pressure differences between active treatments. The responder rates for amlodipine, atenolol, and placebo were 61.1, 64.9, and 11.1%, respectively. The blood pressure values taken over the 24-hour period at final visit revealed that amlodipine and atenolol maintained the supine blood pressure less than or equal to 140/90 mm Hg throughout the period of observation; the corresponding time-effect curve for the placebo group was clearly in the hypertensive range. Heart rate was significantly lowered by atenolol only. Both amlodipine and atenolol were well tolerated. Only 1 patient was withdrawn due to adverse effects (development of peripheral edema, arthralgia and fatigue) related to amlodipine. This study demonstrates that once-daily therapy with amlodipine or atenolol was well tolerated In patients with mild-to-moderate essential hypertension and provided control of blood pressure throughout the 24-hour dosing interval.
Dietary Pattern and Long-Term Effects of Particulate Matter on Blood Pressure: A Large Cross-Sectional Study in Chinese Adults; Previous experimental studies have identified specific foods or nutrients are capable of mitigating adverse effects induced by air pollution. However, whether the dietary pattern can modify the associations between long-term particulate matter (PM) and increasing blood pressure (BP) among adults has not yet been assessed. We assessed whether the dietary pattern and various foods modify the associations between long-term exposure to PM (PM1, PM2.5, and PM10), hypertensive BP (BP=140/90 mm Hg, HBP), and BP in Chinese adults. This study included 61 081 participants from China Multi-Ethnic Cohort. PM was assessed through satellite-based random forest approaches. Outcomes were analyzed with logistic regression models and linear regression models. The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet was calculated for each participant. This study founds long-term exposure to PM was associated with HBP, systolic BP, and pulse pressure. The DASH diet modified the associations between PM, HBP, and some BP components. For each 10 mu g/m(3) increase in PM1, PM2.5, and PM10, the participants with the lowest quintile of DASH score had HBP risks with odds ratios (95% CI) of 1.196 (1.084-1.319), 1.145 (1.09-1.202), and 1.080 (1.045-1.117), whereas those with the highest quintile of DASH score had lower HBP risks with odds ratios (95% CI) of 1.063 (0.953-1.185), 1.074 (1.017-1.133), and 1.038 (1.000-1.077). Consuming more fresh fruits, vegetables, dairy, and whole grains would reduce the risk of raised BP caused by PM. In conclusion, the DASH diet rich in antioxidant compounds may be a wide-reaching intervention to reduce the deleterious impact of PM.
Effect of <i>Lactobacillusplantarum</i> containing probiotics on blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Previous studies have recommended that probiotics may have blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects. However, they examined all probiotic strains (multi/single probiotics) simultaneously. In respect to strain specificity properties of probiotic, the aim of the present study was to systematically investigate the role of Lactobacillus plantarum as an anti-hypertensive agent by performing a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library and Google Scholar were used from inception until October 2018 to identify eligible trials. We used random-effects model as the preferable method to assess the combined treatment effect. We further conducted sensitivity analysis and stratified analysis. Seven studies with 653 participants were included in the meta-analysis. The pooled weighted mean difference (WMD) with the random effects model showed a significant effects of Lactobacillus plantarum supplementation on improvement of SBP with no statistically significant heterogeneity (WMD: -1.58 mmHg, 95 % CI: -3.05 to 0.11) (heterogeneity P = 0.14; I-2 = 36 %). The overall effect in the DBP showed significant pooled estimates (WMD: -0.92 mmHg, 95 % CI: -1.49 to -0.35) with a complete homogeneity between the studies (heterogeneity P = 0.46; I-2 = 0 %). The findings of the present meta-analysis study support the use of Lactobacillus plantarum supplementation for lowering systolic and diastolic blood pressure. The clinical significance of blood pressure-lowering effect of Lactobacillus Plantarum supplementation is not considerable; however, given the overarching benefits evident and concurrent lack of specific side effects, further trials are warranted to clarify the effects of Lactobacillus Plantarum probiotics particularly for hypertensive patients.
Resveratrol attenuates oxidative stress and prevents steatosis and hypertension in obese rats programmed by early weaning; We hypothesized that resveratrol, a natural phytoalexin found in grapes, can prevent oxidative stress, obesity and its related disturbances in obese rats programmed by early weaning. Lactating Wistar rats were separated into two groups: early weaning (EW) - dams who were wrapped with a bandage to interrupt the lactation in the last 3 days of lactation; control - dams whose pups had free access to milk during all lactation. At the 150th day, EW offspring were randomly subdivided into EW+resveratrol (EW+Res) - resveratrol (30 mg/kg/day); EW+vehicle (EW) - rats that received 0.5% (w/v) aqueous methylcellulose. The control group received vehicle. Rats were treated by gavage daily for 30 days. EW offspring developed hyperphagia, higher body weight, visceral obesity, higher systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+15% and +20%, respectively; P<.05) and higher serum triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein but lower high-density lipoprotein (+55%, +33% and -13%, respectively; P<.05). Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res. EW rats had higher plasma and liver thiobarbituric-acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and lower plasma superoxide dismutase (SOD) and liver glutathione peroxidase activities (+51%, +18%, -58%, -31%, respectively; P<.05), and resveratrol normalized both plasma and liver TBARS and increased the activity of SOD and catalase in plasma. EW rats presented liver steatosis and higher liver TG, and resveratrol prevented these hepatic alterations. In conclusion, this study demonstrated a potential therapeutic use of resveratrol in preventing obesity and oxidative stress and reducing the risk of hypertension, dyslipidemia and steatosis in adult rats programmed by early weaning. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Sodium content of foodstuffs included in the sodium reduction regulation of South Africa; As a first step in combating the high hypertension rate in South Africa, the Government has recently implemented a mandatory regulation (R.214) pertaining to the sodium content of foodstuffs with targets for 2016 and 2019. We aimed to measure the sodium content and establish whether industry is complying with the targets set in Regulation R.214. The sodium content of ten food products, randomly selected from each of the 13 food categories as described in the regulation (R.214) were measured by means of atomic absorption spectrometry subsequent to microwave digestion. The majority of the food products tested comply with the targets for 2016 (72%) and almost half of the products with the 2019 targets (42%). The highest variation was observed in the "all fat and butter spread" (20%) category, as well as the "raw-processed meat sausages" (32%). All of the food categories, except for "flavoured potato crisp, excluding salt-and-vinegar" and "flavoured ready-to-eat savoury snack and potato crisp, salt-and-vinegar only", complied with the 2016 target. South Africa is at the forefront of countries implementing mandatory legislation for the reduction of sodium levels in food. These data provide valuable information with regards to baseline measurements and regulation compliance, therefore enabling future endeavours pertaining to sodium regulation in South African foodstuffs.
Should dietary salt restriction be a basic component of antihypertensive therapy?; The general intake of salt (sodium chloride) is much higher than the recommended allowances, in part because of added salt in food industry processed food. However, population studies have not been able to show an association between salt intake and unfavorable health outcome.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania - rural-urban difference; Objective. To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania.
Dietary Protein and Blood Pressure: A Systematic Review; Background: Elevated blood pressure (BP), which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is highly prevalent worldwide. Recently, interest has grown in the role of dietary protein in human BP. We performed a systematic review of all published scientific literature on dietary protein, including protein from various sources, in relation to human BP.
The Percentage of Dietary Phosphorus Excreted in the Urine Varies by Dietary Pattern in a Randomized Feeding Study in Adults; Background: Urinary phosphorus excretion has been proposed as a recovery biomarker of dietary phosphorus intake. However, it is unclear whether phosphorus excretion is constant across a range of dietary and nondietary factors.
Association of visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and first stroke risk in hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease; Objective: Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of stroke among hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the risk of stroke, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients with mild-to-moderate CKD. Methods: This is a post-hoc analysis of the China Stroke Primary Prevention Trial. A total of 3091 patients with estimated glomerular filtration rate 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) and/or proteinuria at baseline, without occurring stroke and with BP measurements of at least two visits from randomization to the 12-month visit were included. The main VVV in BP was expressed as SD. The primary outcome was first stroke. Results: The median subsequent treatment duration was 3.7 years. After multivariable adjustment, including baseline SBP and mean SBP during the first 12-month follow-up, there was a significantly positive relationship of SD SBP with the risk of subsequent first stroke (per SD increment; odds ratio, 1.41; 95% confidence interval: 1.17-1.69) and first ischemic stroke (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval: 1.26-1.90). Results were consistent across various subgroups, including age, sex, baseline SBP, treatment compliance, and mean SBP, concomitant usage of calcium channel blocker during the first 12-month follow-up period. Similar trends were also found for coefficient of variation SBP, and SD or coefficient of variation DBP. However, there was no significant association between BP variability and first hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusion: In hypertensive adults with mild-to-moderate CKD, visit-to-visit variability in BP was significantly associated with the risk of subsequent first stroke.
Association between Dietary Patterns and Cardiometabolic Multimorbidity among Chinese Rural Older Adults; Background: The global population is aging rapidly, leading to an increase in the prevalence of cardiometabolic multimorbidity (CMM). This study aims to investigate the association between dietary patterns and CMM among Chinese rural older adults. Methods: The sample was selected using a multi-stage cluster random sampling method and a total of 3331 rural older adults were ultimately included. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to examine the association between the latent dietary patterns and CMM. Results: The prevalence of CMM among rural older adults was 44.64%. This study identified four potential categories: "Low Consumption of All Foods Dietary Pattern (C1)", "High Dairy, Egg, and Red Meat Consumption, Low Vegetable and High-Salt Consumption Dietary Pattern (C2)", "High Egg, Vegetable, and Grain Consumption, Low Dairy and White Meat Consumption Dietary Pattern (C3)" and "High Meat and Fish Consumption, Low Dairy and High-Salt Consumption Dietary Pattern (C4)". Individuals with a C3 dietary pattern (OR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.98; p = 0.028) and a C4 dietary pattern (OR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.51-0.97; p = 0.034) significantly reduced the prevalence of CMM compared with the C1 dietary pattern. Conclusions: Rural older adults have diverse dietary patterns, and healthy dietary patterns may reduce the risk of CMM.
Effects on Peripheral and Central Blood Pressure of Cocoa With Natural or High-Dose Theobromine A Randomized, Double-Blind Crossover Trial; Flavanol-rich cocoa products have been reported to lower blood pressure. It has been suggested that theobromine is partially responsible for this effect. We tested whether consumption of flavanol-rich cocoa drinks with natural or added theobromine could lower peripheral and central blood pressure. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled 3-period crossover trial we assigned 42 healthy individuals (age 62 +/- 4.5 years; 32 men) with office blood pressure of 130 to 159 mm Hg/85 to 99 mm Hg and low added cardiovascular risk to a random treatment sequence of dairy drinks containing placebo, flavanol-rich cocoa with natural dose consisting of 106 mg of theobromine, or theobromine-enriched flavanol-rich cocoa with 979 mg of theobromine. Treatment duration was 3 weeks with a 2-week washout. The primary outcome was the difference in 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment after 3 weeks. The difference in central systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment was a secondary outcome. Treatment with theobromine-enriched cocoa resulted in a mean +/- SE of 3.2 +/- 1.1 mm Hg higher 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure compared with placebo (P<0.01). In contrast, 2 hours after theobromine-enriched cocoa, laboratory peripheral systolic blood pressure was not different from placebo, whereas central systolic blood pressure was 4.3 +/- 1.4 mm Hg lower (P=0.001). Natural dose theobromine cocoa did not significantly change either 24-hour ambulatory or central systolic blood pressure compared with placebo. In conclusion, theobromine-enriched cocoa significantly increased 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure while lowering central systolic blood pressure. (Hypertension. 2010;56:839-846.)
Effect of a weight-loss program on mental stress-induced cardiovascular responses and recovery; Objective: We assessed the effect of weight loss on blood pressure (BP) and pulse rate during rest, psychological stress, and recovery after stress.
Long-term use of probiotics for the management of office and ambulatory blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, controlled trials; Previous studies showed a controversial result on the relationship between probiotics treatment duration and blood pressure (BP). The present meta-analysis is performed to summarize the effects of long-term (>= 8 weeks) use of probiotics on office and ambulatory BP using combined evidence from randomized, controlled trials. We searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane library, and the ClinicalTrials.gov till January, 2021 to identify eligible articles. Primary outcomes were changes in office BP. In the presence of heterogeneity, a random-effects model was used to calculate the combined treatment effect. Begg's funnel plots and Egger's regression test were used to assess the publication bias. Meta-analysis of 26 trials in 1624 participants demonstrated that probiotic consumption significantly decreased office systolic BP by 2.18 mmHg (95% confidence interval [CI], -3.41 to -0.94 mmHg) and diastolic BP by 1.07 mmHg (95% CI, -1.72 to -0.41 mmHg). The analysis on ambulatory BP from three trials showed a similar reduction by -2.35/-1.61 mmHg (p <=.052). Subgroup analysis in hypertensive and diabetic patients showed a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic BP (p <= .02). The reductions in diabetic and hypertensive patients were comparatively larger than nondiabetic and normotensive patients (p >=.052). With the increase of age, baseline body mass index (BMI), treatment duration, and systolic BR the effects of probiotics on BP did not increase significantly (p(trend) >=.18). The present meta-analysis suggests a beneficial effect of probiotics on BP by a modest degree, especially in the diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Prolonging the treatment duration could not improve the antihypertensive effect.
Lipolysis in reduced sodium Kefalograviera cheese made by partial replacement of NaCl with KCl; Kefalograviera cheeses (five trials) of different sodium contents were made from split lots of curd by varying the salting processes, i.e. brine- and dry-salting with NaCl (control) or a mixture of NaClJ/Cl (3:1 or 1:1, w/w basis). Lipolysis in cheeses was monitored during aging by the acid degree value (ADV) method and gas chromatography (GC). It was found that the ADV of control and experimental cheeses were similar (P > 0.05) at all sampling ages (5, 25, 60, 90 and 180 days). Moreover, the results of GC showed that there were neither qualitative nor significant (P > 0.05) quantitative differences in the levels of individual free fatty acids of the control and experimental cheeses at the age of 90 and 180 days. These findings indicated that the partial replacement of NaCl with KCl in the manufacture of Kefalograviera cheese did not significantly influence the lipolysis during cheese aging. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Characteristics of the diet patterns tested in the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart): Options for a heart-healthy diet; Objective To describe the nutrient and food composition of the diets tested in the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart).
Mediterranean diet and psychological well-being intervention to reverse metabolic syndrome in Chile (CHILEMED trial); Psychosocial status and lifestyle are key risk factors of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which, in turn, are main drivers of healthcare costs and morbimortality worldwide, including Chile. Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is one of the healthiest dietary patterns under study. However, its impact on high-risk conditions, such as metabolic syndrome (MetS), and NCDs outside the Mediterranean Basin remains mostly unexplored. Even though Central Chile has an environment, food production, and culinary traditions comparable to those present in Mediterranean countries, few studies-some with significant methodological limitations-have evaluated the effect of MedDiet on health and/or disease in Chilean subjects. Importantly, a Mediterranean lifestyle is a modus vivendi that integrates physical health with mental and social well-being. Psychological well-being (PWB) is associated with healthy behaviors, positive health outcomes, and longevity, thereby emerging as a novel healthcare goal. We report here an ongoing randomized controlled clinical trial in Chilean patients with MetS seeking to test whether (1) a PWB theory-based intervention facilitates induction to and increases long-term adherence to a locally adapted MedDiet, and (2) a MedDiet intervention-implemented alone or combined with well-being promotion-is more effective at reversing MetS compared to individuals following a low-fat diet without psychological support. The CHILEan MEDiterranean (CHILEMED) diet intervention study is a 1-year trial including patients with MetS living in Chile. Participants will be assigned randomly by a computer-generated random number sequence to one of the three intervention arms: a) low-fat diet as control group, b) MedDiet alone, and c) MedDiet plus well-being support. Patients will be followed-up by individual and/or group online nutritional sessions or phone cal as well as 6-and 12-month in-person re-assessment of medical history, medication use, food intake, PWB, anthropometrics/physical exam, and blood collection for laboratory analysis. The primary outcome of the trial will be the effect of the MedDiet-with or without PWB intervention-on overall reversal of MetS compared to low-fat diet alone. Based on a statistical superiority trial, expected impact, and patient loss, the estimated study sample is 339 subjects (113 individuals per arm in 3 equal-sized groups). Currently, we have enrolled 179 patients, predominantly women, evenly distributed by age (group means ranging from 45.7 to 48,9 years-old), 3/4 are obese with almost all of them showing abdominal obesity, 70% are hypertensive, whereas <10% exhibit diabetes. If findings turn out as expected (e.g., MedDiet-with or without PWB intervention-is better than the low-fat diet for reversion of MetS at 1-year follow-up), CHILEMED will provide further beneficial evidence of the MedDiet on NCD risk conditions beyond the Mediterranean region.
Long-term intake of egg white hydrolysate attenuates the development of hypertension in spontaneously hypertensive rats; This paper evaluates the effect of the long-term intake of a hydrolysate of egg white with pepsin (HEW), with a potent angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory activity, on the development of hypertension of spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). After being weaned, male 3-week-old SHR were randomly divided into five groups that were given until the 20th week of life the following drinking fluids: (1) tap water, (2) non-treated egg white 1 g/kg/day, (3) captopril 100 mg/kg/day, (4) HEW 0.5 g/kg/day, and (5) HEW 1 g/kg/day. From the 20th to 25th week of life, animals from all groups were given tap water. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured weekly in the rats, from the 6th to 25th week of life, by the tail cuff method. Development of hypertension was attenuated in the groups treated with captopril and HEW (P < 0.001 vs. the group that drunk tap water). At the 20th week of life, the arterial blood pressure values of the different groups of rats were: tap water (SBP=219.5 5 +/-.7, DBP=167 +/- 3.7), non-treated egg white (SBP=206.4 +/- 1.43, DBP=166.4 +/- 4.9), captopril (SBP=131.7 +/- 2.74, DBP=91.5 +/- 1.62), HEW 0.5 g/kg/day (SBP=182.9 +/- 4.64, DBP=127.5 +/- 2.1) and HEW 1 g/kg/day (SBP=177.7+4.72, DBP=120.1 +/- 2.4). SBP and DBP increased in the treated SHR when the corresponding antilrypertensive treatment was removed. In spite of this, SBP remained lower in the SHR that had received captopril and HEW than in the SHR of the control groups (P < 0.05). The present results suggest that HEW could be used as a functional food with antiltypertensive activity. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evidence for the effects of yogurt on gut health and obesity; Obesity is associated with increased risk for chronic diseases, and affects both developed and developing nations. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense food that may benefit individuals with lactose intolerance, constipation and diarrheal diseases, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and certain types of cancer. Emerging evidence suggests that yogurt consumption might also improve the health of obese individuals. Obesity is often accompanied by chronic, low-grade inflammation perpetuated by adipose tissue and the gut. In the gut, obesity-associated dysregulation of microbiota and impaired gut barrier function may increase endotoxin exposure. Intestinal barrier function can be compromised by pathogens, inflammatory cytokines, endocannabinoids, diet, exercise, and gastrointestinal peptides. Yogurt consumption may improve gut health and reduce chronic inflammation by enhancing innate and adaptive immune responses, intestinal barrier function, lipid profiles, and by regulating appetite. While this evidence suggests that yogurt consumption is beneficial for obese individuals, randomized-controlled trials are needed to further support this hypothesis.
Effect of casein hydrolysate, prepared with protease derived from <i>Aspergillus oryzae</i>, on subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension; Casein hydrolysate, prepared with Aspergillus oryzae protease, contains angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory peptides, such as Val-Pro-Pro and Ile-Pro-Pro. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of casein hydrolysate on the blood pressure of 144 subjects with high-normal blood pressure (n = 104) and mild hypertension (n = 40). Subjects were randomly assigned to two groups for a 12-week intake period. In the test group, both systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressure decreased significantly compared with the placebo group: SBP/DBP significantly decreased from 138.2 +/- 6.5/84.4 +/- 5.3 mm Hg at week 0 to 132.3 +/- 7.3 (P < .001)/81.2 +/- 4.8 mm Hg (P < .001) at week 12. In the stratified analysis, the test product showed an anti hypertensive effect in both the subject group with high-normal blood pressure and that with mild hypertension. No side effect was observed in any subjects in this study. These results demonstrate that the casein hydrolysate, prepared with A. oryzae protease, produced a significant reduction in blood pressure in a population of subjects with high-normal blood pressure or mild hypertension without an adverse event.
Dietary Fats and Cardiovascular Disease A Presidential Advisory From the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of death, accounting for 17.3 million deaths per year. Preventive treatment that reduces CVD by even a small percentage can substantially reduce, nationally and globally, the number of people who develop CVD and the costs of caring for them. This American Heart Association presidential advisory on dietary fats and CVD reviews and discusses the scientific evidence, including the most recent studies, on the effects of dietary saturated fat intake and its replacement by other types of fats and carbohydrates on CVD. In summary, randomized controlled trials that lowered intake of dietary saturated fat and replaced it with polyunsaturated vegetable oil reduced CVD by approximate to 30%, similar to the reduction achieved by statin treatment. Prospective observational studies in many populations showed that lower intake of saturated fat coupled with higher intake of polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fat is associated with lower rates of CVD and of other major causes of death and all-cause mortality. In contrast, replacement of saturated fat with mostly refined carbohydrates and sugars is not associated with lower rates of CVD and did not reduce CVD in clinical trials. Replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, a cause of atherosclerosis, linking biological evidence with incidence of CVD in populations and in clinical trials. Taking into consideration the totality of the scientific evidence, satisfying rigorous criteria for causality, we conclude strongly that lowering intake of saturated fat and replacing it with unsaturated fats, especially polyunsaturated fats, will lower the incidence of CVD. This recommended shift from saturated to unsaturated fats should occur simultaneously in an overall healthful dietary pattern such as DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) or the Mediterranean diet as emphasized by the 2013 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology lifestyle guidelines and the 2015 to 2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on ambulatory blood pressure in metabolic syndrome: a randomized SYSDIET sub-study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary pattern is central in the prevention of hypertension and blood pressure (BP)-related diseases. A diet based on healthy Nordic foods may have a favourable impact on BP. The objective was to clarify whether a Nordic alternative for a healthy food pattern would have beneficial effects on ambulatory BP in subjects with metabolic syndrome (MetS).
The role of dietary protein in blood pressure regulation; Purpose of review
Effects of the PREMIER Interventions on Health-Related Quality of Life; Background Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) is an important aspect of well-being that may improve with health behavior interventions. However, health behavior change is difficult with pressure to maintain status quo.
Dietary factors in relation to hypertension: a mendelian randomization study; Background Observational studies have elucidated the associations between dietary factors and hypertension. Nevertheless, the exploration of these relationships using Mendelian randomization remains scarce currently. Methods The Mendelian randomization approach investigated the potential causal relationships between 16 dietary factors and hypertension. To achieve this, we identified genetic variants associated with these dietary factors by utilizing data from European-descent genome-wide association studies with a stringent significance threshold (P < 5 x 10 - 8). Subsequently, we obtained genetic associations with hypertension from the extensive FinnGen Study, encompassing 92,462 cases and 265,626 controls. Our primary analytical method was the inverse variance weighted method, and we also conducted assessments for heterogeneity and pleiotropy to ensure the robustness and reliability of our findings. Results The study revealed significant associations with hypertension risk for various dietary factors. Specifically, higher weekly alcohol consumption (OR: 1.53, 95% CI: 1.19-1.96) and more frequent alcohol intake (OR: 1.20, 95% CI: 1.08-1.33) were positively correlated with an increased risk of hypertension. Likewise, increased poultry intake (OR: 3.25, 95% CI: 1.83-5.78) and beef intake (OR: 1.80, 95% CI: 1.09-2.97) were also linked to a higher risk of hypertension. Conversely, there were protective factors associated with a decreased risk of hypertension. These included consuming salad and raw vegetables, dried fruits, cheese, and cereals. It is important to note that no evidence of pleiotropy was detected, underscoring the robustness of these findings. Conclusions This study uncovered causal relationships between various dietary factors and hypertension risk. Specifically, alcohol consumption in terms of drinks per week and intake frequency, as well as poultry and beef intake, were causally associated with an elevated risk of hypertension. In contrast, consuming salad/raw vegetables, dried fruits, cheese, and cereals demonstrated an inverse causal association with hypertension, suggesting a potential protective effect.
Dietary factors and hypertension: A Mendelian randomization analysis; This research explores the causal link between dietary habits and hypertension through Mendelian randomization, providing distinct perspectives on the role of diet in addressing this worldwide health issue. Utilizing instrumental variables, we applied advanced statistical methods, including the weighted median, inverse variance weighted, and MR-Egger, to evaluate the impact of 17 dietary elements on hypertension. These elements ranged across various food groups, such as fruits, meats, vegetables, and beverages, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic. Our results identified a significant positive association of hypertension with weekly alcohol consumption (OR 1.340 [95%CI 1.0001 to 1.794], p = .0499) and poultry intake (OR 2.569 [95%CI 1.305 to 5.057], p = .00631). Conversely, a negative association was observed with lamb/mutton (OR 0.550 [95%CI 0.343 to 0.881], p = .0129), cheese (OR 0.650 [95%CI 0.519 to 0.813], p = .000159), tea (OR 0.797 [95%CI 0.640 to 0.993], p = .0433), cereal (OR 0.684 [95%CI 0.494 to 0.948], p = .0227), and dried fruit consumption (OR 0.492 [95%CI 0.343 to 0.707], p = .000127). These findings suggest that dietary modifications, such as increasing consumption of specific foods like cheese, lamb/mutton, tea, cereals, and dried fruits, could potentially reduce hypertension risk while reducing intake of alcoholic beverages and poultry might mitigate its increase. No direct causal relationships were established between other dietary factors and hypertension. The study highlights the importance of specific dietary modifications for the prevention and control of hypertension, making a substantial contribution to public health tactics and recommendations.
Environmental Impact of Dietary Choices: Role of the Mediterranean and Other Dietary Patterns in an Italian Cohort; Background: Current scientific literature suggests healthy dietary patterns may have less environmental impact than current consumption patterns, but most of the studies rely on theoretical modeling. The aim of this study was to assess the impact on resources (land, water, and energy) use and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions of healthy dietary patterns in a sample of Italian adults. Methods: Participants (n = 1806) were recruited through random sampling in the city of Catania, southern Italy. Dietary consumption was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ); dietary patterns were calculated through dietary scores. The specific environmental footprints of food item production/processing were obtained from various available life-cycle assessments; a sustainability score was created based on the impact of the four environmental components calculated. Results: The contribution of major food groups to the environmental footprint showed that animal products (dairy, egg, meat, and fish) represented more than half of the impact on GHG emissions and energy requirements; meat products were the stronger contributors to GHG emissions and water use, while dairy products to energy use, and cereals to land use. All patterns investigated, with the exception of the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH), were linearly associated with the sustainability score. Among the components, higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet and Alternate Diet Quality Index (AHEI) was associated with lower GHG emissions, dietary quality index-international (DQI-I) with land use, while Nordic diet with land and water use. Conclusions: In conclusion, the adoption of healthy dietary patterns involves less use of natural resources and GHG emissions, representing eco-friendlier options in Italian adults.
Visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and the development of chronic kidney disease in treated general hypertensive patients; Background. Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in general treated hypertensive patients were limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the development of CKD, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients without prior cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) or CKD.
Epidemiology of risk factors and symptoms associated with menopause in Spanish women; Objectives: (1) To assess the prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease and the prevalence and severity of the appearance of menopausal symptoms among Spanish menopausal women. (2) To identify the main factors responsible for this severity. (3) To detect symptom differences between perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Selenium Supplementation in Pregnancy-Maternal and Newborn Outcomes; Background. Several studies have suggested that increased oxidative stress during pregnancy may be associated with adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. As selenium is an essential mineral with an antioxidant role, our aim was to perform a systematic review of the existing literature reporting the effects of selenium supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Materials and Methods. Six electronic databases (Medline, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Scopus, and PubMed) were searched for studies reporting the effects of selenium supplementation during pregnancy and the postpartum period on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Only randomised controlled trials on human subjects reported in English and published up to October 2021 were included. Quality assessments were conducted using the modified Downs and Black quality assessment tool. Data were extracted using a narrative synthesis. Results. Twenty-two articles were included in our systematic review (seventeen reported on maternal outcomes, two on newborn outcomes, and three on both). Maternal studies reported the effects of selenium supplementation in the prevention of thyroid dysfunction, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia, oxidative stress, postpartum depression, premature rupture of membranes, intrauterine growth retardation, breastmilk composition, and HIV-positive women. Newborn studies reported the effects of maternal selenium supplementation on foetal oxidation stress, foetal lipid profile, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and newborn outcomes in HIV-positive mothers. The majority of studies were inappropriately designed to establish clinical or scientific utility. Of interest, four studies reported that selenium supplementation reduced the incidence of thyroid dysfunction and permanent hypothyroidism during the postpartum period by reducing thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin antibody titres. Conclusion. The evidence supporting selenium supplementation during pregnancy is poor and there is a need for appropriately designed randomised controlled trials before routine use can be recommended.
Effects of Ready-to-Eat-Cereals on Key Nutritional and Health Outcomes: A Systematic Review; Background
Pharmacological treatment for keloids; Introduction: Keloids are fibroproliferative disorders that are characterized by histological accumulation of collagens and fibroblasts, refractory clinical symptoms such as itching, topical invasiveness, and frequent postsurgical recurrence. At present, to treat or prevent keloids, new drugs are currently being designed and the pharmaceutical indications of known drugs are being expanded.
Self-Perceived Psychological Stress and Risk of First Stroke in Treated Hypertensive Patients; Objective We aimed to investigate the prospective association between self-perceived psychological stress and first stroke, and to examine possible effect modifiers among adults with hypertension. Methods A total of 20,688 hypertensive adults with information on self-perceived psychological stress at baseline were included from the China Stroke Primary Prevention Trial. Participants were randomly assigned to a double-blind treatment of receiving a single tablet daily with either 10 mg enalapril and 0.8 mg folic acid or 10 mg enalapril alone. Follow-up visits occurred every 3 months after randomization. Psychological stress was measured with a one-item 3-point rating scale. The primary outcome was first stroke (fatal or nonfatal). Results The median treatment period was 4.5 years. Compared with participants with low levels of psychological stress, those with high psychological stress had a significantly higher risk of first stroke (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.40, 95% confidence interval = 1.01 to 1.94) or first ischemic stroke (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.45; 95% confidence interval = 1.01 to 2.09). Moreover, a stronger positive relationship between psychological stress and first stroke was found in participants with time-averaged mean arterial pressure <101 mm Hg (median; p-interaction = .004) during the treatment period. However, our study did not find a significant association between psychological stress and first hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions Higher psychological stress was associated with an increased risk of first stroke among treated hypertensive patients, especially in those with lower mean arterial pressure during the treatment period.
Influence of the Lactotripeptides Isoleucine-Proline-Proline and Valine-Proline-Proline on Systolic Blood Pressure in Japanese Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background
Nutritional factors in stroke; Observational studies support the role of modifying lifestyle-related risk factors such as diet, physical activity and alcohol use in stroke prevention. For example, increased Na intake is associated with hypertension, and reduction in salt consumption may significantly lower blood pressure and may reduce stroke mortality. Moderately elevated homocysteine levels may be associated with stroke and are associated with deficiency of dietary intake of folate, vitamin B-6 and vitamin B-12. Consumption of a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, folate, K, Ca, Mg, dietary fibre, fish and milk may protect against stroke. Regular physical activity may also protect against stroke through its role in controlling various risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus and obesity. The role of fat intake as a risk factor for stroke remains uncertain, whereas the association between stroke and cholesterol has more convincingly been demonstrated by the recent intervention trials using statins. There is also evidence that a low serum albumin may be causally linked to stroke risk and outcome and that a significant number of stroke patients are undernourished on admission and their nutritional status deteriorates further whilst in hospital. Undernutrition is associated with increasing morbidity and mortality and nutritional supplements may have some beneficial effect on some outcome measures.
Nutraceutical potential of mushroom bioactive metabolites and their food functionality; Numerous mushroom bioactive metabolites, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been studied in life-threatening conditions and diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity attempting to identify natural therapies. These bioactive metabolites have shown potential as antiviral and immune system strengthener natural agents through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, widely available, and inexpensive. In light of the emerging literature, this paper compiles the most recent information describing the molecular mechanisms that underlie the nutraceutical potentials of these mushroom metabolites suggesting their effectiveness if combined with existing drug therapies while discussing the food functionality of mushrooms. The findings raise hope that these mushroom bioactive metabolites may be utilized as natural therapies considering their therapeutic potential while anticipating further research designing clinical trials and developing new drug therapies while encouraging their consumption as a natural adjuvant in preventing and controlling life-threatening conditions and diseases. Practical applications Diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity are among the world's largest life-threatening conditions and diseases. Several mushroom bioactive compounds, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been found potential in tackling these diseases through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, suggesting their use as nutraceutical foods in preventing and controlling these life-threatening conditions and diseases.
Effects of equol on deoxycorticosterone acetate salt-induced hypertension and associated vascular dementia in rats; Oxidative stress is the major cause of neuronal cell degeneration observed in neurodegenerative diseases including vascular dementia (VaD), and hypertension has been found to increase the probability of VaD. Here, we investigated the effects of equol in deoxycorticosterone acetate (DOCA)-salt-induced hypertensive rats (DHRs) and the associated VaD. The systolic blood pressure of rats treated with low-(10 mg per kg body weight) and high-dose (20 mg per kg body weight) equol for 4 weeks was lower than that of the control group by 12.18 and 17.48% in a dose-dependent manner, respectively (p < 0.05), which was regulated by inhibiting angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity and increasing the nitric oxide (NO) production. Equol-treated DHRs showed a significant decrease in both the swimming distance and time required to reach the escape platform (78.20 to 82.56%, p < 0.05). In addition, the probe trial session and working memory test indicated that equol improved the long-and short-term memory of the rats. Moreover, the brain antioxidant activity was increased by elevating the activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) levels, and the malondialdehyde (MDA) content and acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activity were decreased, indicating that equol suppressed oxidative stress. In conclusion, we demonstrated that equol exhibited comparable blood pressure (BP)-lowering and VaD-improving effects with the clinically used drug, lisinopril in DHRs while there was a positive correlation between the doses. Therefore, this bioactive compound may be useful for developing functional foods, thereby extending the application of equol-containing crops.
The Metabolic Syndrome and Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Relation to the Parathyroid Hormone to 25-OH-D<sub>3</sub> Ratio in a General Population; BACKGROUND
Effects of phytosterols supplementation on blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Several reports have indicated a positive effect of phytosterols on blood pressure (BP), nevertheless these findings have been controversial. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was aimed to investigate the effects of phytosterol supplementation on BP.
Comparison of cyclosporine and topical betamethasone-17,21-dipropionate in the treatment of severe chronic hand eczema; Topical corticosteroids are the standard treatment for hand eczema, However, in chronic forms of the disease they are often ineffective or lose their efficacy due to tachyphylaxis, In a previous open study cyclosporine showed efficacy in chronic hand eczema. The aim of this study was to compare oral cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day with topical 0.05% betamethasone-17,21-dipropionate (BDP) cream in the treatment of chronic hand eczema, In a randomized, double-blind study 41 patients with chronic hand eczema resistant to conventional treatment mere assigned to either cyclosporine or BDP for 6 weeks, Both cyclosporine and BDP improved the eczema, The total disease activity score decreased to 57% of baseline in the cyclosporine group (mean change -6, SD 4.3; p<0.001) and to 58% of baseline in the BDP group (mean change -5.7, SD 4; p<0.001) at the end of treatment, However, between the groups there was no significant difference, Adverse events occurred in 68% of the patients during cyclosporine and in 56% during BDP treatment. With cyclosporine no case of hypertension or increase in serum creatinine above normal levels was recorded, In two patients the serum creatinine levels increased to values 30% above their own baseline values, Relapses occurred to the same extent in both groups, Cyclosporine at 3 mg/kg/day is as effective as topical BDP in the treatment of chronic hand eczema, Low-dose cyclosporine could be useful as an alternative treatment for severe chronic hand eczema in patients unresponsive to conventional treatment.
Dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors in Ethiopia: A community-based cross-sectional study; PurposeTo identify the dietary patterns and their association with cardiovascular risk factors among adult people in urban and rural areas of Wolaita, southern Ethiopia. MethodsA total of 2,483 participants aged 25-64 years were selected using a three-stage random sampling. Data for this study were collected using structured questionnaires, the previous 24-h dietary intake assessment, anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. We used factor analysis to identify dietary patterns. Factors associated with dietary patterns were analyzed using multiple linear regression models. The adjusted regression coefficients with their 95% CI were used to ascertain the association. ResultWe identified three major dietary patterns that explained 51% of the variance in food consumption. The western dietary pattern was characterized by the consumption of meat/organ meat, biscuits/sweets, chicken stew, pasta-macaroni recipes, butter, white wheat bread, egg recipe, and Ethiopian dish shiro-wet, and was positively associated with urban residence, obesity, hypertension, blood glucose, and total cholesterol levels. Adherence to the consumption of tubers, whole-grain maize products, coffee leaves-and-herbs beverage, legumes, and sweet potatoes featured the traditional dietary pattern. The traditional dietary pattern showed a positive relationship with rural residence, physical activity, and obesity, and it had a negative relationship with hypertension. The healthy dietary pattern was characterized by the intake of green leafy vegetables, green pepper, and whole-grain maize products, and negatively related to obesity, and hypertension, while positively related to urban residence. ConclusionThe coexistence of western, traditional, and healthy dietary patterns in the present study indicates the transition to a new dietary pattern in the study area. All dietary patterns were associated with one or more cardiovascular risk factors, but the western dietary pattern was associated with most of these, while the traditional diet showed fewer such associations. Therefore, it might be useful to promote healthy and traditional dietary patterns along with physical activity. Interventions related to the current findings, if initiated early in life, may benefit the public in preventing cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, and type 2-diabetes.
Dietary electrolytes are related to mood; Dietary therapies are routinely recommended to reduce disease risk: however, there is concern they may adversely affect mood. We compared the effect on mood of a low-sodium, high-potassium diet (LNAHK) and a high-calcium diet (HQ with a moderate-sodium. high-potassium high-calcium Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-type diet (OD). We also assessed the relationship between dietary electrolytes and cortisol. a stress hormone and market of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity. In a crossover design. subjects were randomized to two diets for 4 weeks, the OD and either LNAHK or HC. each preceded by a 2-week control diet (CD). Dietary compliance was assessed by 24h urine collections. Mood was measured weekly by the Profile of Mood States (POMS). Saliva samples were collected to measure cortisol. The change in mood between the Preceding CD and the test diet (LNAHK or HC) was compared with the chan c between the CD and OD. of the thirty-eight women and fifty-six men (mean age 56.3 (SEM 9.8) years) that completed the OD. forty-three completed the LNAHK and forty-eight the HC. There was a greater improvement in depression. tension. vi-our and the POMS global score for the LNAHK diet compared to OD (P<0.05). Higher cortisol levels were weakly associated with greater vigour. lower fatigue. and higher levels Of Urinary potassium and magnesium (r 0.1-0.2, P<0.05 for all). In conclusion. a LNAHK diet appeared to have a positive effect on overall mood.
Effect of Cheese Intake on Cardiovascular Diseases and Cardiovascular Biomarkers; Background: A growing number of cohort studies revealed an inverse association between cheese intake and cardiovascular diseases, yet the causal relationship is unclear. Objective: To assess the causal relationship between cheese intake, and cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular biomarkers. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis based on publicly available genome-wide association studies was employed to infer the causal relationship. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inverse-variance-weighted method. Results: Cheese intake per standard deviation increase causally reduced the risks of type 2 diabetes (odds ratio (OR) = 0.46; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.34-0.63; p = 1.02 x 10(-6)), heart failure (OR = 0.62; 95% CI, 0.49-0.79; p = 0.0001), coronary heart disease (OR = 0.65; 95% CI, 0.53-0.79; p = 2.01 x 10(-5)), hypertension (OR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.53-0.84; p = 0.001), and ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76; 95% CI, 0.63-0.91; p = 0.003). Suggestive evidence of an inverse association between cheese intake and peripheral artery disease was also observed. No associations were observed for atrial fibrillation, cardiac death, pulmonary embolism, or transient ischemic attack. The better prognosis associated with cheese intake may be explained by lower body mass index (BMI; effect estimate = -0.58; 95% CI, from -0.88 to -0.27; p = 0.0002), waist circumference (effect estimate = -0.49; 95% CI, from -0.76 to -0.23; p = 0.0003), triglycerides (effect estimate = -0.33; 95% CI, from -0.50 to -0.17; p = 4.91 x 10(-5)), and fasting glucose (effect estimate = -0.20; 95% CI, from -0.33 to -0.07; p = 0.0003). There was suggestive evidence of a positive association between cheese intake and high-density lipoprotein. No influences were observed for blood pressure or inflammation biomarkers. Conclusions: This two-sample MR analysis found causally inverse associations between cheese intake and type 2 diabetes, heart failure, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and ischemic stroke.
Dietary protein and bone health: a systematic review and meta-analysis from the National Osteoporosis Foundation; Background: Considerable attention has recently focused on dietary protein's role in the mature skeleton, prompted partly by an interest in nonpharmacologic approaches to maintain skeletal health in adult life.
Casein-Derived Lactotripeptides Reduce Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure in a Meta-Analysis of Randomised Clinical Trials; There is an urgent need to treat individuals with high blood pressure (BP) with effective dietary strategies. Previous studies suggest a small, but significant decrease in BP after lactotripeptides (LTP) ingestion, although the data are inconsistent. The study aim was to perform a comprehensive meta-analysis of data from all relevant randomised controlled trials (RCT). Medline, Cochrane library, EMBASE and Web of Science were searched until May 2014. Eligibility criteria were RCT that examined the effects of LTP on BP in adults, with systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP) as outcome measures. Thirty RCT met the inclusion criteria, which resulted in 33 sets of data. The pooled treatment effect for SBP was -2.95 mmHg (95% CI: -4.17, -1.73; p < 0.001), and for DBP was -1.51 mmHg (95% CI: -2.21, -0.80; p < 0.001). Sub-group analyses revealed that reduction of BP in Japanese studies was significantly greater, compared with European studies (p = 0.002 for SBP and p < 0.001 for DBP). The 24-h ambulatory BP (AMBP) response to LTP supplementation was statistically non-significant (p = 0.101 for SBP and p = 0.166 for DBP). Both publication bias and "small-study effect" were identified, which shifted the treatment effect towards less significant SBP and non-significant DBP reduction after LTP consumption. LTP may be effective in BP reduction, especially in Japanese individuals; however sub-group, meta-regression analyses and statistically significant publication biases suggest inconsistencies.
Long-Term Effects of High-Protein Diets on Renal Function; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) has a prevalence of approximately 13% and is most frequently caused by diabetes and hypertension. In population studies, CKD etiology is often uncertain. Some experimental and observational human studies have suggested that high-protein intake may increase CKD progression and even cause CKD in healthy people. The protein source may be important. Daily red meat consumption over years may increase CKD risk, whereas white meat and dairy proteins appear to have no such effect, and fruit and vegetable proteins may be renal protective. Few randomized trials exist with an observation time greater than 6 months, and most of these were conducted in patients with preexisting diseases that dispose to CKD. Results conflict and do not allow any conclusion about kidney-damaging effects of long-term, high-protein intake. Until additional data become available, present knowledge seems to substantiate a concern. Screening forCKD should be considered before and during long-term, high-protein intake.
The Effects of γ-Aminobutyric Acid, Vinegar, and Dried Bonito on Blood Pressure in Normotensive and Mildly or Moderately Hypertensive Volunteers; The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in fermented drinking water prepared from sodium glutamate, vinegar, and dried bonito (FDWG) compared with placebo [vinegar and dried bonito without GABA (FDW)] and its safety in normotensive and mildly or moderately hypertensive volunteers. A double-blind, placebo-con trolled, randomized study was conducted involving volunteers with normal (group-N) and mildly or moderately high (group-H) blood pressure (BP). After a pretreatment period of 2 weeks (weeks -2), the subjects received FDWG or FDW for 12 weeks followed by 4 weeks of no intake (weeks 16). In group-H, both FDWG and FDW significantly decreased systolic (SBP, -7.6 +/- 4.0 and -5.5 +/- 1.5 mmHg, p<0.05, respectively) and diastolic (DBP, -10.6 +/- 4.0 and -7.6 +/- 1.7 mmHg, p<0.01, respectively) BP compared to the baseline (0-week) value at 12 weeks, respectively. There were no abnormal changes in hematological or blood chemistry variables, urinalysis, heart rate, or body weight in the study groups. These findings indicated that vinegar and dried bonito with or without GABA might have an effect on BP in mildly or moderately hypertensive patients.
Breathing-control lowers blood pressure; We hypothesise that routinely applied short sessions of slow and regular breathing can lower blood pressure (BP). Using a new technology BIM breathe with Interactive Music), hypertensive patients were guided towards slow and regular breathing. The present study evaluates the efficacy of the BIM in lowering BP. We studied 33 patients (23M/10F), aged 25-75 years, with uncontrolled Up. Patients were randomised into either active treatment with the BIM (n = 18) or a control treatment with a Walkman (n = 15), Treatment at home included either musically-guided breathing exercises with the BIM or listening to quiet music played by a Walkman for 10 min dairy for 8 weeks. BP and heart rate were measured both at the clinic and at home with an Omron IC BP monitor. Clinic BP levels were measured at baseline, and after 4 and 8 weeks of treatment. Home BP measurements were taken daily, morning and evening, throughout the study. The two groups were matched by initial Up, age, gender, body mass index and medication status. The Up change at the clinic was -7.5/-4.0 mm Hg in the active treatment group, vs -2.9/-1.5 mm Hg in the control group (P = 0.001 for systolic BP). Analysis of home-measured data showed an average BP change of -5.0/-2.7 mm Hg in the active treatment group and -1.2/+0.9 mm Hg in the control group. Ten out of 18 (56%) were defined as responders in the active treatment group but only two out of 14 (14%) in the control group (P = 0.02), Thus, breathing exercise guided by the BIM device for 10 min daily is an effective non-pharmacological modality to reduce BP.
Dietary calcium intake and hypertension risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; The association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension in the general population has not been established yet. We systematically searched PubMed and Scopus databases up to February 2018 to find prospective observational studies investigating the association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension. The reported risk estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Eight prospective cohort studies (248,398 participants and 30,838 cases) were included. Seven studies measured dietary calcium intake, but one study measured total calcium intake (calcium from food and supplements). A significant inverse association was found for the highest versus lowest category of calcium intake (relative risk: 0.89, 95%CI: 0.86, 0.93; I-2 = 0%, n = 8), and for each 500 mg/d increment (relative risk: 0.93, 95%CI: 0.90, 0.97; I-2 = 64%, n = 7). Summary results were the same with the main analyses when the analyses were restricted only to dietary calcium intake. A nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis exhibited a linear inverse association, with a somewhat steeper trend within the low and moderate intakes. In conclusion, higher dietary calcium intake, independent of adiposity and intake of other blood pressure-related minerals, is slightly associated with a lower risk of developing hypertension.
Effects of a DASH-like diet containing lean beef on vascular health; A DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) dietary pattern rich in fruits and vegetables and low-fat dairy products with increased dietary protein provided primarily from plant protein sources decreases blood pressure. No studies, however, have evaluated the effects of a DASH-like diet with increased dietary protein from lean beef on blood pressure and vascular health. The aim of this study was to study the effect of DASH-like diets that provided different amounts of protein from lean beef (DASH 28 g beef per day; beef in an optimal lean diet (BOLD) 113 g beef per day; beef in an optimal lean diet plus additional protein (BOLD+) 153 g beef per day) on blood pressure, endothelial function and vascular reactivity versus a healthy American diet (HAD). Using a randomized, crossover study design, 36 normotensive participants (systolic blood pressure (SBP), 116 +/- 3.6 mm Hg) were fed four isocaloric diets,: HAD (33% total fat, 12% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 17% protein (PRO), 20 g beef per day), DASH (27% total fat, 6% SFA, 18% PRO, 28 g beef per day), BOLD (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 19% PRO, 113 g beef per day) and BOLD+ (28% total fat, 6% SFA, 27% PRO, 153 g beef per day), for 5 weeks. SBP decreased (P<0.05) in subjects on the BOLD+ diet (111.4 +/- 1.9 mm Hg) versus HAD (115.7 +/- 1.9). There were no significant effects of the DASH and BOLD diets on SBP. Augmentation index (AI) was significantly reduced in participants on the BOLD diet (+/- 4.1%). There were no significant effects of the dietary treatments on diastolic blood pressure or endothelial function (as measured by peripheral arterial tonometry). A moderate protein DASH-like diet including lean beef decreased SBP in normotensive individuals. The inclusion of lean beef in a heart healthy diet also reduced peripheral vascular constriction.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Antihypertensive and renal protective effect of bovine lactoferrin in dexamethasone-induced hypertension rats; Current antihypertensive drugs are still limited to be used as a monotherapy and their effectiveness in preventing end-organ damage is insufficient, therefore complementary therapy is needed to reduce end-organ damage and make hypertension treatment more effective. In this study, we are investigating the potential of bovine lactoferrin (BLf) as an antihypertensive and renal protective agent. 30 rats were randomly divided into 6 groups: BLf 100mg/kg, BLf 300 mg/kg, BLf 500 mg/kg, Dexamethasone, Amlodipine 1 mg/kg, and Control. Dexamethasone, Amlodipine 1mg/kg, and all BLf groups were given subcutaneous dexamethasone injections from day 1 to 14. Starting from day 8 to 14 Amlodipine 1 mg/kg and BLf groups received oral BLf or amlodipine according to mentioned doses. The results of this study demonstrated that BLf at all doses was effective in lowering systolic blood pressure, increasing serum nitric oxide (NO) level, and improving kidney function but ineffective in lowering diastolic blood pressure. BLf has the potential to be utilized as a complementary antihypertensive therapy and renal protective agent in hypertension.
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial); Background Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub-population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant-based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. Methods One hundred and twenty men and women >= 65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week; ad-libitum plant-based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Discussion The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty.
Optimized search strategy for detecting scientifically strong studies on treatment through PubMed; Our study was designed to optimize the search strategies based on the work of Haynes et al. for detecting randomized controlled trials (RCTs) through PubMed. In particular, we aimed to improve precision for broad and narrow searches on interventional studies. We used in addition to the string suggested by the Hedge Team the following: {NOT ((animals [mh] NOT humans [mh]) OR (review [pt] OR meta-analysis [pt]))} and tested its effectiveness. The search was carried out on a year's worth of articles from the PubMed database. We analyzed 35,590 bibliographic citations about four relevant major topics in internal medicine (hypertension, diabetes, heart failure, and hepatitis). Precision, percentage gain between the Hedge Team search strategies and the new one were computed and reported in the text. Moreover, a pooled analysis was carried out in terms of absolute precision difference. We observed better precision for both broad and narrow searches. However, effective gain resulted only for broad searches. In this case, bibliographic citation recall effectively reduced (-24 to -35 % retrieved citation with a gain of 32-54 %) without loss of information. The search strategy improved broad searches regarding each of the four considered topics. We think this new search strategy, based on a previous work of the Hedge team, could be a step forward and can save some time by researchers.
Effects of Sodium Reduction and the DASH Diet in Relation to Baseline Blood Pressure; BACKGROUND Both sodium reduction and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet, a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, lower blood pressure. The separate and combined effects of these dietary interventions by baseline blood pressure (BP) has not been reported.
Long-term effect of nutritional counseling: A study in family medicine; This paper reports research using data in the Nijmegen Family Practice Monitoring Project. One part of the research is follow-up, after 17 y, of a 1977 trial of dietary advice for patients with hypertension or a family history of premature cardiovascular disease. In the intervention group, 840 patients were given health education every 2 mo by trained practice nurses for 1 y. There were 497 patients with similar coronary risk factors in the control group, who received usual care. One year after the intervention a significant decrease was found (and published) in serum cholesterol concentrations and blood pressure in the intervention group. By the time of the 1995 reexaminations, however, there were no differences in coronary risk factors between the two groups. Blood pressures had come down, more so in the control group, and the percentage of smokers had decreased equally in both groups. There were no significant differences in intake of dietary fat or in type of fat. The lack of difference was still found when the groups were divided into those with serum cholesterol concentrations > and < 6.5 mmol/L. A second part of the research was to investigate in 1995 the relation between patients' stage of change of fat intake and their dietary intake. It was found that those in stage 5 (sustaining desired changes in behavior) had the lowest saturated fat intake. Since 1977 both groups have been treated equally if hypertension was diagnosed. The two groups were not managed differently with regard to dietary advice after 1977.
Consumption of nattokinase is associated with reduced blood pressure and von Willebrand factor, a cardiovascular risk marker: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter North American clinical trial; Objective: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effects of consumption of nattokinase on hypertension in a North American hypertensive population with associated genetic, dietary, and lifestyle factors. This is in extension of, and contrast to, previous studies on Asian populations.
Postprandial endothelial dysfunction in subjects with new-onset type 2 diabetes: an acarbose and nateglinide comparative study; Background: Postprandial hyperglycemia is believed to affect vascular endothelial function. The aim of our study was to compare the effects of acarbose and nateglinide on postprandial endothelial dysfunction.
Eating behaviors and health history of rural midlife to older women in the Midwestern United States; This study was conducted to examine daily energy, food group, and nutrient intakes of late midlife to older women living in the rural Midwestern United States compared with recommended intakes for the US population, and to describe their physical measures and health history. Random-digit dialing was used to recruit 225 community-dwelling women aged 50 to 69 years from a rural Midwestern area of the United States. Participants completed online food intake and health history surveys. Nearly half of the women had energy intakes in excess of their Estimated Energy Requirement. Mean daily servings of fruits, grains, and dairy products were below target levels identified in the 2000 Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Mean calcium and dietary fiber intakes were below recommended levels, while percent calories from fat (39.0%+/- 6.8%) were well above recommendations. Eighty percent were overweight or obese and 76% were prehypertensive or hypertensive, yet only 33.5% indicated their health care provider had discussed dietary factors with them in the previous year. Late midlife and older rural Midwestern women, aged 50 to 69 years, need more guidance than they currently receive to learn how to make changes to meet dietary recommendations, particularly with a focus on establishing a more healthful dietary pattern that will be suitable for their older years.
Blood pressure change with weight loss is affected by diet type in men; Background: Weight loss reduces blood pressure, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has also been shown to lower blood pressure.
Animal versus plant protein and adult bone health: A systematic review and meta-analysis from the National Osteoporosis Foundation; Background
Influence of dietary modifications on the blood pressure response to antihypertensive medication; Identifying dietary modifications that potentiate the blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects of antihypertensive medications and that are practical for free-living people may assist in achieving BP reduction goals. We assessed whether two dietary patterns were effective in lowering BP in persons on antihypertensive therapy and in those not on therapy. Ninety-four participants (38/56 females/males), aged 55.6 (SD 9.9) years, consumed two 4-week dietary regimens in random order (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-type diet and low-Na high-K (LNAHK) diet) with a control diet before each phase. Seated home BP was measured daily for the last 2 weeks in each phase. Participants were grouped based on antihypertensive drug therapy. The LNAHK diet produced a greater fall in systolic BP (SBP) in those on antihypertensive therapy (-6.2 (SD 6.0) mmHg) than in those not on antihypertensive therapy (-2.8 (SD 4.0) mmHg) (P=0.036), and this was greatest for those on renin-angiotensin system (RAS) blocker therapy (-9.5 (SD 6.4) mmHg) (interaction P=0.007). The fall in SBP on the DASH-type diet, in those on therapy (overall -1.1 (SD 6.2) mmHg; renin-angiotensin blocker therapy -4.2 (SD 4.7) mmHg), was not as marked as that observed on the LNAHK diet. Dietary modifications are an important part of all hypertension management regimens, and a low-Na and high-K diet enhances the BP-lowering effect of antihypertensive medications, particularly those targeting the RAS.
PAAP: a web server for predicting antihypertensive activity of peptides; Aim: Hypertension is associated with development of cardiovascular disease and has become a significant health problem worldwide. Naturally-derived antihypertensive peptides have emerged as promising alternatives to synthetic drugs. Materials & methods: This study introduces predictor of antihypertensive activity of peptides constructed using random forest classifier as a function of various combinations of amino acid, dipeptide and pseudoamino acid composition descriptors. Results: Classification models were assessed via independent test set that demonstrated accuracy of 84.73%. Feature importance analysis revealed the preference of proline and hydrophobic amino acids at the C-terminal as well as the preference of short peptides for robust activity. Conclusion: Model presented herein serves as a useful tool for predicting and analysis of antihypertensive activity of peptides.
Changes in Food and Nutrient Intake and Diet Quality on a Low-Fat Vegan Diet Are Associated with Changes in Body Weight, Body Composition, and Insulin Sensitivity in Overweight Adults: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background Consuming different food groups and nutrients can have differential effects on body weight, body composition, and insulin sensitivity.
Effect of Functional Bread Rich in Potassium, γ-Aminobutyric Acid and Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors on Blood Pressure, Glucose Metabolism and Endothelial Function A Double-blind Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial; Because it has been suggested that food rich in -aminobutyric acid (GABA) or angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) peptides have beneficial effects on blood pressure (BP) and other cardiovascular risk factors, we tested the effects of low-sodium bread, but rich in potassium, GABA, and ACEI peptides on 24-hour BP, glucose metabolism, and endothelial function.A randomized, double-blind, crossover trial was conducted in 30 patients with pre or mild-to-moderate hypertension, comparing three 4-week nutritional interventions separated by 2-week washout periods. Patients were randomly assigned to consume 120g/day of 1 of the 3 types of bread for each nutritional intervention: conventional wheat bread (CB), low-sodium wheat bread enriched in potassium (LSB), and low-sodium wheat bread rich in potassium, GABA, and ACEI peptides (LSB+G). For each period, 24-hour BP measurements, in vivo endothelial function, and biochemical samples were obtained.After LSB+G consumption, 24-hour ambulatory BP underwent a nonsignificant greater reduction than after the consumption of CB and LSB (0.26mm Hg in systolic BP and -0.63mm Hg in diastolic BP for CB; -0.71mm Hg in systolic BP and -1.08mm Hg in diastolic BP for LSB; and -0.75mm Hg in systolic BP and -2.12mm Hg in diastolic BP for LSB+G, respectively). Diastolic BP at rest decreased significantly during the LSB+G intervention, although there were no significant differences in changes between interventions. There were no significant differences between interventions in terms of changes in in vivo endothelial function, glucose metabolism, and peripheral inflammatory parameters.Compared with the consumption of CB or LSB, no greater beneficial effects on 24-hour BP, endothelial function, or glucose metabolism were demonstrated after the consumption of LSB+G in a population with pre or mild-to-moderate hypertension. Further studies are warranted to clarify the effect of GABA on BP, preferably using a specific design for noninferiority trials and ambulatory BP monitoring as a measure of BP.This study was registered at Current Controlled Trials as ISRCTN31436822
Influence of whey protein and its hydrolysate on prehypertension and postprandial hyperglycaemia in adult men; The effects of pre-meal consumption of whey protein isolate (WPI) and its hydrolysate (WPH) on blood pressure in pre-hypertensive and post-meal plasma responses in type 2 diabetic subjects were investigated. In a placebo-controlled double-blind randomised study, ten male patients with type 2 diabetes received dosages of WPI or WPH (0, 0.1, 0.2 and 0.4 g kg(-1) body weight). Ingestion of 0.2 g kg(-1) WPH or 0.4 g kg(-1) WPI markedly promoted insulin secretion leading to a major reduction (p < 0.01) in post-challenge plasma glucose response. Plasma insulin concentration increased significantly (p < 0.05) only in the 0.4 g kg(-1) WPH trial concomitant with returning the glucose level to the normal range 2 h after the meal. Neither WPH nor WPI (21 g day(-1)) caused a significant reduction (p > 0.05) in systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure of pre-hypertensive subjects over the one-week administration. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Protective Effect of a Fish Egg Homogenate Marine Compound on Arterial Ultrastructure in Spontaneous Hypertensive Rats; We assessed the effect of a sturgeon eggs-based nutraceutical (LD-1227) versus eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)/docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the ultrastructure of spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) aortas. Sixty SHR were randomly divided into three groups that were fed (1) rat chow, (2) rat chow plus 10 mg of EPA/DHA, or (3) rat chow plus 10 mg of LD-1227, for 18 weeks. Afterward, aortas of these rats were used for blind measurements of the thickened intima area and examination by electron microscopy. Control SHR showed an expanded subendothelial space and leukocyte infiltration of the intima that were reduced in LD-1227-fed rats (p<0.05) and less in EPA/DHA group. Transmission electron microscopy showed endothelial alteration with severe subcellular injury and, unlike the EPA/DHA-group, LD-1227-treated rats displayed a significant reduction in endothelial alteration with severe subcellular injury (p<0.05). These data suggest that LD-1227 has stronger arterial protective properties and deserves further investigation in view of a preventive medicine strategy.
Randomized clinical trials on the effects of dietary fat and carbohydrate on plasma lipoproteins and cardiovascular disease; Several dietary approaches have reduced cardiovascular events in randomized clinical trials. Replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat prevented coronary events in men, and a Mediterranean diet and fatty fish improved survival. None of these trials had much impact on total fat intake but rather increased vegetable oils, n-3 fatty acids, or many other plant foods or nutrients that are linked to coronary prevention. The reductions in cardiovascular disease (CVD) caused by these dietary therapies compare favorably with drug treatments for hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Improvement in blood lipid risk factors is an important mechanism to explain the,results of trials of unsaturated fats. When saturated or trans unsaturated fats are replaced with monounsaturated or n-6 polyunsaturated fats from vegetable oils, primarily low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreases. The LDL to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio decreases. When carbohydrates are used to replace saturated fats, in a low-fat diet, LDL and HDL decrease similarly, and the ratio is not improved; triglycerides increase as well when carbohydrate increases, except when low glycemic index foods are used. The n-3 polyunsaturated fats in fish oils suppress cardiac arrhythmias and reduce triglycerides, but they have little effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol levels. The theme should be that diet. has benefits that come directly from foods, as well as from the reduction in saturated fats, cholesterol, meats, and fatty dairy foods. It is likely that many diets could be designed that could prevent CVD. This potential diversity is crucial for engaging the diverse cultures and tastes of people worldwide in cardiovascular disease prevention. (C) 2002 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
EATING BEHAVIOURS OF ITALIAN ADULTS: RESULTS OF THE OSSERVATORIO EPIDEMIOLOGICO CARDIOVASCOLARE/HEALTH EXAMINATION SURVEY; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008-2012.
Panax ginseng - A systematic review of adverse effects and drug interactions; Panax ginseng C.A.Meyer is a perennial herb native to Korea and China and has been used as an herbal remedy in eastern Asia for thousands of years. Modern therapeutic claims refer to vitality, immune function, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, improvement of cognitive and physical performance and sexual function. A recent systematic review of randomised controlled trials found that the efficacy of ginseng root extract could not be established beyond doubt for any of these indications. In order to obtain a balanced assessment of the therapeutic value of P. ginseng it is also necessary to consider the safety profile. In view of the extremely widespread use of P. ginseng it seems important to ask whether this herbal medicine involves health risks for the consumer. This review was conducted as a systematic attempt to document and evaluate all the available safety data on P. ginseng root extracts.
Protein supplementation lowers blood pressure in overweight adults: effect of dietary proteins on blood pressure (PROPRES), a randomized trial; Background: Dietary protein intake may help to manage blood pressure (BP) and prevent complications associated with elevated BR
Adherence to Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Style Diet and the Risk of Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Objective: Several investigators have proposed a protective association between dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) style diet and risk of cancers; however, they have had inconsistent results. The present study aimed to systematically review the prospective cohort studies and if possible quantify the overall effect using meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched for cohort studies published up to July 2018. Relative risks (RRs) that were reported for fully adjusted models and their confidence intervals were extracted for meta-analysis. The random effects model was used to combine the RRs. Results: Seventeen studies were eligible to be included in the systematic review, from which nine reports assessed the association between the DASH diet and risk of mortality from all cancer types, four assessed incidence of colorectal cancer, and two studies assessed the risk of colon and rectal cancer separately. Four studies examined the association with the incidence of other cancers (breast, hepatic, endometrial, and lung cancer). Meta-analysis showed that high adherence to DASH is associated with a decreased mortality from all cancer types (RR = 0.84, 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 0.81-0.86). Participants with the highest adherence to the DASH diet had a lower risk of developing colorectal (RR = 0.79, 95%CI: 0.75-0.83), colon (RR = 0.80, 95%CI: 0.74-0.87), and rectal (RR = 0.84, 95%CI: 0.74-0.96) cancers compared to those with the lowest adherence. Conclusion: DASH-style diet should be suggested as a healthy approach associated with decreased risk of cancer in the community. Prospective studies exploring the association for other cancer types and from regions other than the United States are highly recommended.
Effects of a typical acute oral calcium load on arterial properties and endothelial function in healthy subjects; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Often recommended, calcium supplements have been incriminated as increasing the risk of cardiovascular events, whereas dietary calcium has generally been exonerated. As a first step to address the vascular safety of Such dietary Measures at the clinical nutritionist toolbox, we sought to determine and compare the acute effects of a typical oral calcium load, provided either as a supplement or as food, on vascular parameters assessed noninvasively in healthy subjects.
Effect of a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese Brazilian subjects; P>Background:
Determinants of metabolic syndrome (MetS) amongst persons living in Dibrugarh District of Assam; Problem considered: As India is considered as the diabetic capital of world, a huge burden of undiagnosed metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a possibility. Early intervention can be planned if MetS can be detected early to avert cardiovascular morbidities.
The relationship between dietary inflammatory index and metabolic syndrome and its components: a case study in Kashi urban, Xinjiang; Introduction: This paper examines the association between the dietary inflammatory index (DII) and the risk of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its components among Uygur adults in Kashi, Xinjiang. Methods: The study used the multi-stage random cluster sampling method to investigate the adult residents of Uighu aged over 18 years old in one county and one township/street of three cities in Kashi between May and June 2021. All dietary data collected were analyzed for energy and nutrient intake with a nutritional analysis software, followed by a calculation of DII. Logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DII and the risks of MS and its components. Results: The maximum DII value across our 1,193 respondents was 4.570 to 4.058, with an average value of 0.256. When we analyzed the DII as a continuous variable, we determined the anti-inflammatory diet has been identified as a mitigating factor for metabolic syndrome (OR = 0.586, 95% CI = 0.395-0.870), obesity (OR = 0.594, 95% CI = 0.395-0.870), elevated fasting glucose levels (OR = 0.422, 95% CI = 0.267-0.668), and hypertension (OR = 0.698, 95% CI = 0.488-0.996). When the model was adjusted by sex, age, and occupation, we found a significant correlation between high- and low-density lipoproteinemia and DII (OR = 1.55, 95% CI = 1.040-2.323). The present study identified four distinct dietary patterns among the population under investigation. There was a linear trend in the incidence of MS and hypertension across low, middle, and high levels of fruits and milk dietary pattern model (p = 0.027; p = 0.033), within this dietary pattern may serve as protective factors against MS and hypertension, suggesting that fruits and milk within this dietary pattern may serve as protective factors against MS and hypertension. And the linear trend in the incidence of elevated fasting glucose and obesity across the low, medium, and high scores of meet and eggs dietary pattern (p = 0.006; p < 0.001), suggest that a diet rich in meat may potentially contribute to an increased risk of developing elevated fasting glucose levels and obesity. An observed linear trend in the incidence rate of high fasting blood glucose across low, moderate, and high scores of dried fruits and nuts dietary pattern (p = 0.014), indicating that increased consumption of nuts acted as a protective factor against elevated fasting blood glucose levels and contributed to their reduction. Discussion: The dietary inflammation index was integrated with the findings from the study on the dietary patterns of the sampled population, revealing that an anti-inflammatory diet demonstrated a protective effect against metabolic syndrome, obesity, high fasting blood glucose, and hypertension in this specific population. laying the foundation for further research.
Favorable Outcomes Using an eHealth Approach to Promote Physical Activity and Nutrition Among Young African American Women; Background: Internet and mobile devices are widely used and provide alternative approaches for promoting healthy lifestyles, yet less information is available describing outcomes of these approaches when used with young African American (AA) women at risk for developing hypertension. Objective: In this study, we evaluated a Web-based, culturally relevant lifestyle change intervention targeting AA women (referred to as the eHealth study). Methods: African American women, aged 18 to 45 years, with untreated prehypertension and Internet access were eligible for a 12-week study that incorporated social cognitive theory strategies. Participants were randomized to (1) lifestyle physical activity (PA) or (2) Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) online education modules. Results: The 14 DASH and 12 PA participant attributes were similar at baseline. The DASH participants had a significant change in total DASH score (P = .001) and large effect sizes for DASH components (vegetables, 0.84; nonfat dairy, 0.71; fruit, 0.62). The PA participants had a favorable change (+39%) in pedometer steps (P = .055). With respect to weight change, a large effect size was observed for PA (0.84) and smaller for DASH participants (0.18). Seventy-one percent of DASH and 48% of PA participants completed program activities, corresponding to a moderate difference in program engagement between groups (d = 0.58). Conclusion: Our eHealth platform provides an alternative approach for reaching young AA women and was successful with respect to improving PA and dietary behaviors. Furthermore, the eHealth approach has the potential as a powerful program for changing health behaviors for other at-risk populations.
Macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factors in older coloured South Africans; A cross-sectional analytical study was undertaken to investigate the macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factor profile of community-dwelling older coloured (mixed descent) South Africans, A sample of 200 subjects aged 65 years and above in Cape Town was randomly drawn using a two-stage cluster design, Trained fieldworkers interviewed subjects to obtain demographic, dietary and life-style data, to draw fasting blood samples for the analysis of plasma lipids, and to take anthropometric measurements. Nutrient intake was assessed using a validated quantified food frequency questionnaire, Blood pressure was measured according to the guidelines of the American Heart Association, The mean daily energy intake was 7 984 (3 245) kJ and 6 979 (2219) kJ for men and women, respectively, Twenty-nine per cent of the subjects had energy intakes less than two-thirds of the RDA, Dietary fat intake comprised 32.4% of total energy intake, which is in line with the prudent dietary guidelines, The inadequate fibre intake (mean = 17(8) g/day) was attributed to the low consumption of fruit and vegetables, Anthropometric assessment indicated that the women tended towards overnutrition, while the men appeared to be undernourished, Lipid profiles fell within the lower end of the moderate risk band for cardiovascular disease and a high prevalence of hypertension (71.7%) was identified, The survey findings indicate a need for health promotion activities to encourage increased physical activity levels and an increased consumption of vegetables, fruit, wholegrain cereals and low fat dairy products in this population.
Influence of days of the week on reported food, macronutrient and alcohol intake among an adult population in south western Finland; Objective: To study the influence of the days of the week on calculated food and nutrient intake.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial; Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double-blind, multi-centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change -16%, P=0.004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (>200 mg/dl) at baseline (-18%, P=0.005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was -7.1 mg/dl (P=0.089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (-11 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached -5.9 mmHg (P=0.054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was -1.7 kg (P=0.015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
A Daily Glass of Red Wine and Lifestyle Changes Do Not Affect Arterial Blood Pressure and Heart Rate in Patients with Carotid Arteriosclerosis after 4 and 20 Weeks; Background: Regular consumption of small amounts of red wine improves blood lipids. However, there is concern whether this beneficial effect might be counterbalanced by an increase in blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR), which are risk factors for cerebro-cardiovascular disease. In particular, we studied whether regular consumption of red wine with and without lifestyle changes (LC; healthy diet and physical activity advice) results in an increase in BP and HR. Methods: A prospective, unblinded randomized trial was performed in 108 patients (67% men) with carotid atherosclerosis documented by ultrasound, a mean BP of 122/79 mm Hg and a mean HR of 71 bpm at inclusion in the study. Sixty-eight percent were known and treated hypertensives. The mean 24-hour BP at baseline was 122/79 mm Hg. Half of the study participants, the control group, was seen by a nurse at baseline, after 4 and after 20 weeks, and was instructed not to change their eating and physical activity habits. In the other half, a dietician performed five sessions of 30 min each (at baseline, after 1 week and after 2, 3 and 4 weeks) giving advice on healthy eating based on a Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. The recommendations given were the following: 5 portions of fruit/vegetables per day, a diet low in absolute fat, a preference of vegetable oil (olive or rapeseed oil), whole-grain products, poultry, low-fat dairy products, 1 fat and 1 lean fish meal per week, reduced consumption of red meat, and avoidance of pork, ready-made meals, sugar and excessive salt intake. In addition, regular consumption of 1 bar of dark chocolate (25 g, > 70% of cacao), 1-2 tomatoes, and 3-5 walnuts as well as at least 30 min of moderate daily physical activity were recommended. Within these two groups, half of the patients were randomized either to avoid alcohol completely or to drink 100 ml (women) or 200 ml of red wine (men) daily. Results: Neither LC nor red wine had an effect on the mean systolic and diastolic 24-hour BP and HR after 4 and 20 weeks, as analyzed by general linear modeling. No difference was found for diurnal and nocturnal values. Conclusions: The possible beneficial effect of regular consumption of small amounts of red wine is not counterbalanced in the long term by an increase in the mean BP or HR in mainly normotensive and well-treated hypertensive patients with carotid atherosclerosis, neither in the patients given healthy lifestyle advice nor in those with a standard lifestyle. Yet, we remain cautious about actively advice patients to drink alcohol regularly given the well-known risks. (C) 2013 S. Karger AG, Basel
Usage of Tacrolimus and Mycophenolic Acid During Conception, Pregnancy, and Lactation, and Its Implications for Therapeutic Drug Monitoring: A Systematic Critical Review; Background: Conception, pregnancy, and lactation following solid organ transplantation require appropriate management. The most frequently used immunosuppressive drug combination after solid organ transplantation consists of tacrolimus (Tac) plus mycophenolic acid (MPA). Here, the effects of Tac and MPA on fertility, pregnancy, and lactation are systematically reviewed, and their implications for therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) are discussed. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed (August 19, 2019) using Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of controlled trials, Google Scholar, and Web of Science, and 102 studies were included. Another 60 were included from the reference list of the published articles. Results: As MPA is teratogenic, women who are trying to conceive are strongly recommended to switch from MPA to azathioprine. MPA treatment in men during conception seems to have no adverse effect on pregnancy outcomes. Nevertheless, in 2015, the drug label was updated with additional risk minimization measures in a pregnancy prevention program. Data on MPA pharmacokinetics during pregnancy and lactation are limited. Tac treatment during conception, pregnancy, and lactation seems to be safe in terms of the health of the mother, (unborn) child, and allograft. However, Tac may increase the risk of hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm birth, and low birth weight. Infants will ingest very small amounts of Tac via breast milk from mothers treated with Tac. However, no adverse outcomes have been reported in children exposed to Tac during lactation. During pregnancy, changes in Tac pharmacokinetics result in increased unbound to whole-blood Tac concentration ratio. To maintain Tac concentrations within the target range, increased Tac dose and intensified TDM may be required. However, it is unclear if dose adjustments during pregnancy are necessary, considering the higher concentration of (active) unbound Tac. Conclusions: Tac treatment during conception, pregnancy and lactation seems to be relatively safe. Due to pharmacokinetic changes during pregnancy, a higher Tac dose might be indicated to maintain target concentrations. However, more evidence is needed to make recommendations on both Tac dose adjustments and alternative matrices than whole-blood for TDM of Tac during pregnancy. MPA treatment in men during conception seems to have no adverse effect on pregnancy outcomes, whereas MPA use in women during conception and pregnancy is strongly discouraged.
Dietary status with demographic and anthropometric variables and some health affecting risk factors in people of Southeastern Iran: A population-based study (KERCADRS); Background: Dietary pattern is influenced by lifestyle, genetic, cultural, and socioeconomic factors. We investigated the status of prudent (PDP) and imprudent (IDP) dietary patterns and their relationship with demographic and anthropometric variables and health conditions in an urban population of Southeastern Iran.
The Risk for Neonatal Hypoglycemia and Bradycardia after Beta-Blocker Use during Pregnancy or Lactation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Beta-blockers are often used during pregnancy to treat cardiovascular diseases. The described neonatal side effects of maternal beta-blocker use are hypoglycemia and bradycardia, but the evidence base for these is yet to be evaluated comprehensively. Hence, this systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the potential increased risk for hypoglycemia and bradycardia in neonates exposed to beta-blockers in utero or during lactation. A systematic search of English-language human studies was conducted until 21 April 2021. Both observational studies and randomized controlled trials investigating hypoglycemia and/or bradycardia in neonates following beta-blocker exposure during pregnancy and lactation were included. All articles were screened by two authors independently and eligible studies were included. Pair-wise and proportion-based meta-analysis was conducted and the certainty of evidence (CoE) was performed by standard methodologies. Of the 1.043 screened articles, 55 were included in this systematic review. Our meta-analysis showed a probable risk of hypoglycemia (CoE-Moderate) and possible risk of bradycardia (CoE-Low) in neonates upon fetal beta-blocker exposure. Therefore, we suggest the monitoring of glucose levels in exposed neonates until 24 h after birth. Due to the limited clinical implication, monitoring of the heart rate could be considered for 24 h. We call for future studies to substantiate our findings.
A high-protein meal does not improve blood pressure or vasoactive biomarker responses to acute exercise in humans; Blood pressure (BP) responses to exercise yield prognostic information beyond resting BP. While habitual higher dietary protein intake is associated with reduced resting BP, few studies have assessed the impact of high-protein meals on acute BP and vasoactive biomarker responses to exercise. To test the hypothesis that consuming a higher-protein, lower fat meal (HP; 30 g protein, 17 g fat, 52 g carbohydrate) would attenuate the BP response to exercise and result in a more robust post-exercise hypotensive response compared to a lower-protein, higher-fat meal (LP; 13 g protein, 25 g fat, 54 g carbohydrate), we recruited 31 pre-hypertensive subjects to complete this randomized, double-blind, cross-over acute feeding study. One hundred sixty-five minutes after consuming the test HP or LP meal, subjects exercised on a cycle ergometer at 70% VO2 max for 30 minutes. Blood pressure was measured prior to the meal and periodically before, during, and after exercise for a 315minute period. Blood samples were periodically collected to quantify plasma arginine, arginine metabolites (asymmetric dimethylarginine, symmetric dimethylarginine; ADMA, SDMA), endothelin-1, nitrates, and nitrites in a subset of subjects (n = 15) as shown in Supplemental Table S1. Consuming the HP meal did not influence the BP responses to exercise, including the post-exercise return to baseline BP or systolic BP area under the curve. While the HP meal resulted in greater postprandial plasma arginine concentrations, ADMA, SDMA, endothelin-1, nitrates, and nitrites were unaltered. These results suggest that consuming a higher-protein, lower-fat meal does not influence BP or vasoactive biomarker responses to exercise compared to a lower-protein, higher-fat meal. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of Non-Communicable Disease Risk Factors Among the Elderly of Birjand in 2014; Objectives Noncommunicable diseases are the leading causes of death and disability, globally. Moreover, the aging population is growing in the world. These issues are among major public health challenges; thus, this study aimed to determine the prevalence of noncommunicable diseases risks factors among the elderly of Birjand City, Iran, in 2014.
Prevalence of Stroke and Stroke Risk Factors in a South-Western Community of Nepal; Background: Stroke related studies in Nepal are primarily hospital-based and mainly from the capital city. Objectives: We aimed to estimate the prevalence of stroke and stroke risk factors in the South-Western community of Nepal. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted from May to August 2018 among 549 randomly selected Nepalese participants from diverse ethnicity, aged >15 years, in a region with the availability of neurological support facilities. Data were collected using a stroke questionnaire designed for the purpose. Stroke was identified by enumerators using the Balance-Eyes-Face-Arms-Speech-Time (BEFAST) scale, and a senior neurologist confirmed it. We assessed the presence of major risk factors associated with stroke. Results: The crude and age-standardised prevalence of stroke were 2368 and 2967 per 100,000 respectively. Of all the surveyed participants, 61% (n=335) reported consumption of full-fat dairy products >3 days per week, 87.6% (n=481) reported a high intake of salt (>5 g/day), 83.6% (n=459) with a low intake of fruits and vegetables (<400 g/day), 45.2% (n=248) with perceived stress related to work or home, 51.6% (n=283) with financial stress (283, 51.6%), 86.7% (n=457) with low high-density lipoprotein, 96.2% (n=507) with high blood urea nitrogen, 47.1% (n=356) were either overweight or obese 20.4% (n=112) with hypertension and 6.2% (n=34) with diabetes. Conclusions: The prevalence of stroke in the community of the South-Western part of Nepal is relatively higher than that estimated in South-Asia and global context. Our findings suggest an urgent community intervention, particularly with healthy lifestyles changes for future stroke prevention in the high-risk group.
Effect of Casein Hydrolysate on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Casein hydrolysate has various biological functional activities, especially prominent are angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitory activities. Increasing evidence has reported the prominent hypotensive effect of casein hydrolysate. However, the effects of casein hydrolysate on cardiovascular risk factors remain unclear and require more comprehensive and detailed studies. Here, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis on eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to summarize the effects of casein hydrolysate supplementation on blood pressure, blood lipids, and blood glucose. In the pooled analyses, casein hydrolysate significantly reduced systolic blood pressure by 3.20 mmHg (-4.53 to -1.87 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure by 1.50 mmHg (-2.31 to -0.69 mmHg). Supplementation of casein hydrolysate displayed no effect on total cholesterol (-0.07 mmol/L; -0.17 to 0.03 mmol/L), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0.04 mmol/L; -0.15 to 0.08 mmol/L), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0.01 mmol/L; -0.06 to 0.03 mmol/L), triglycerides (-0.05 mmol/L, -0.14 to 0.05 mmol/L), or fasting blood glucose (-0.01 mmol/L; -0.10 to 0.09 mmol/L) compared with the placebo diets. Collectively, this study indicated that supplementation of casein hydrolysate displayed decreasing effect on blood pressure without affecting blood lipids or glycemic status.
Dietary phosphorus intake and blood pressure in adults: a systematic review of randomized trials and prospective observational studies; Background: Elevated blood pressure (BP) is a major cause of preventable disease in the United States and around the world. It has been postulated that phosphorus intake may affect BP, with some studies suggesting a direct and others an inverse association.
The Properties of Vitamin B12 Deficiency in the Patients of an Outpatient Clinic; Objective: The aim of this study is to evaluate the properties of vitamin B12 deficiency and predisposing factors in the patients of an outpatient clinic. Material and Methods: Four hundred patients with vitamin B12 deficiency were studied. Anthropometric measures, biochemical analysis, gastric parietal cell antibodies and parasites in stool of the patients, antigliadin antibody survey and upper gastrointestinal system endoscopy were performed. Additionally, randomly selected 100 patients with low and 100 healthy subjects with normal serum vitamin B12 levels were questioned about food intake. Results: Overall ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency among outpatients was 4%. Coexisting diseases such as diabetes mellitus (12.3%), hypertension (42.0%), hyperlipidemia (42.0%) and obesity (42.0%) were determined. Nearly a quarter (22,8%) had autoimmune thyroid disease. A group of patients had other problems that may have caused malabsorption such as Helicobacter pylori gastritis (66/85= 77.6%), antigastric parietal cell antibody positivity (37/85= 43.5%), antigliadin antibody positivity (40/61= 65.6%), and others (3.3%). The patient group with vitamin B12 deficiency consumed significantly less meat (p< 0.001), chicken (p< 0.001), fish (p= 0.002), milk (p= 0.027) and eggs (p< 0.001), smaller number of meals (p= 0.013) and significantly higher amounts of fiber (p< 0.001) and vegetables (p= 0.037) when compared with the control group. Conclusion: Vitamin B12 deficiency was considered to be related mainly with improper and defective alimentation. However, malabsorption-related diseases may also contribute to vitamin B12 deficiency.
Conjugated linoleic acid improves blood pressure by increasing adiponectin and endothelial nitric oxide synthase activity; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been reported to reduce blood pressure in obese insulin-resistant rats, but its mechanism of action has not been identified. The objective of this study was to determine whether CLA isomers can reduce obesity-related hypertension in the fa/fa Zucker rat in relation to adiponectin production and endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) activation. Obese fa/fa Zucker rats were randomly assigned to one of four groups: (1) cis-9,trans-11-CLA, (2) trans-10,cis-12 (t10,c12)-CLA, (3) control or (4) captopril. After 8 weeks, systolic blood pressure increased 30% in control obese rats. This increase was attenuated 11%-13% in the t10,c12-CLA isomer and captopril groups, respectively. The t10,c12-CLA isomer concurrently elevated adiponectin levels in both plasma and adipose tissue and increased phosphorylated eNOS in adipose tissue as well as the aorta. Although a direct effect of CLA was not observed in cultured endothelial cells, direct adiponectin treatment increased phosphorylation of eNOS. Endothelial nitric oxide synthase phosphorylation was also increased in adipose of fa/fa Zucker rats infused with adiponectin in parallel with improvements in blood pressure. Our results suggest that the t10,c12-CLA isomer attenuates development of obesity-related hypertension, at least in part, by stimulating adiponectin production, which subsequently activates vascular eNOS. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A cost-effective, machine learning-driven approach for screening arterial functional aging in a large-scale Chinese population; Introduction An easily accessible and cost-free machine learning model based on prior probabilities of vascular aging enables an application to pinpoint high-risk populations before physical checks and optimize healthcare investment.Methods A dataset containing questionnaire responses and physical measurement parameters from 77,134 adults was extracted from the electronic records of the Health Management Center at the Third Xiangya Hospital. The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator and recursive feature elimination-Lightweight Gradient Elevator were employed to select features from a pool of potential covariates. The participants were randomly divided into training (70%) and test cohorts (30%). Four machine learning algorithms were applied to build the screening models for elevated arterial stiffness (EAS), and the performance of models was evaluated by calculating the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy.Results Fourteen easily accessible features were selected to construct the model, including "systolic blood pressure" (SBP), "age," "waist circumference," "history of hypertension," "sex," "exercise," "awareness of normal blood pressure," "eat fruit," "work intensity," "drink milk," "eat bean products," "smoking," "alcohol consumption," and "Irritableness." The extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) model outperformed the other three models, achieving AUC values of 0.8722 and 0.8710 in the training and test sets, respectively. The most important five features are SBP, age, waist, history of hypertension, and sex.Conclusion The XGBoost model ideally assesses the prior probability of the current EAS in the general population. The integration of the model into primary care facilities has the potential to lower medical expenses and enhance the management of arterial aging.
Impact of the earthquake of September 26, 1997 in Umbria, Italy on the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population; The consequences of natural disasters on the social and health status of older people have not been deeply considered. The aim of this study was to evaluate the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population after a devastating earthquake. A randomly selected group of 332 older people (greater than or equal to 64 years) was selected among 1548 eligible subjects living in the city of Nocera Umbra four months after an earthquake of 5.6 magnitude on the Richter scale. Three geriatricians evaluated the study subjects by means of a structured interview, and standardized scales, which considered physical and mental status, mood and anxiety, and self-perception of well-being as well as the characteristics of family composition and social interactions Of the study subjects, 11.1% lived alone, and 33.4% with the spouse only. Most were self-sufficient in the basic activities of dairy life. Musculoskeletal diseases and hypertension were the most frequently observed pathologies in this geriatric population. In addition, 47.9% of the subjects lived in temporary houses; this group more frequently suffered from hypertension, and had a higher score of comorbidity as measured by Cumulative Illness Rating Scale (CIRS) compared to people who remained at home. People living in the pre-fabricated huts also showed a higher score on the Geriatric Depression Scale and the Hamilton scale for anxiety. and complained more often of their health status, evaluated as self-perception si well-being when compared to the home dwellers. Although all the studied subjects suffered from the discomforts caused by the earthquake, the precariousness of living in temporary houses, whose structural characteristics do not take the needs of elderly subjects into account, could justify the higher distress experienced by persons housed in the huts. These observations suggest that, after natural disasters, emergency programs should be more adapted to elderly people, whose needs and expectations are often different from those of young adults. (Aging Clin. Exp. Res. 12: 281-286, 2000) (C) 2000, Editrice Kurtis.
Effect of <i>Cucurbita ficifolia</i> and Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Blood Glucose, Lipid Profile, and Inflammatory Marker in Type 2 Diabetes; Background: Control of blood sugar, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are key factors in diabetes management. Cucurbita ficifolia (pumpkin) is a vegetable which has been used traditionally as a remedy for diabetes in Iran. In addition, consumption of probiotics may have beneficial effects on people with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was an investigation of the effects of C. ficifolia and probiotic yogurt consumption alone or at the same time on blood glucose and serum lipids in diabetic patients.
Metabolic syndrome and selenium during gestation and lactation; Selenium (Se) has a dual role in metabolic syndrome (MS) development as it has an antioxidant action against both "good" and "bad" reactive oxygen species. This study evaluates Se body profile in dams which present MS during gestation and lactation, in order to elucidate a normal dietary Se's implication in this pathology.
Regorafenib dose-optimisation in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer (ReDOS): a randomised, multicentre, open-label, phase 2 study; Background Regorafenib confers an overall survival benefit in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer; however, the adverse event profile of regorafenib has limited its use. Despite no supportive evidence, various dosing schedules are used clinically to alleviate toxicities. This study evaluated the safety and activity of two regorafenib dosing schedules.
Effect of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in patients with type 2 diabetes; Emerging evidence suggests that diabetes is associated with altering serum minerals, elevated liver enzymatic activity and blood pressures. This study was designed to determine the effects of multispecies probiotic supplements on serum minerals, liver enzymes and blood pressure in diabetic patients. This randomized double-blinded controlled clinical trial was performed among 58 diabetic patients aged 35-70 y. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either multispecies probiotic supplements (N = 28) or the placebo group (N = 30) for 8 weeks. The multispecies probiotic supplement was consisted of seven viable and freeze-dried strains: Lactobacillus acidophilus (2 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus casei (7 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus rhamnosus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU), Lactobacillus bulgaricus (2 x 10(8) CFU), Bifidobacterium breve (2 x 10(10) CFU), Bifidobacterium longum (7 x 10(9) CFU), Streptococcus thermophilus (1.5 x 10(9) CFU) and 100 mg fructo-oligosaccharide with lactose as carrier substances. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 8-week intervention to measure serum minerals, liver enzymes and total bilirubin. Consumption of the probiotic supplements, compared to the placebo, resulted in an increased serum calcium concentrations (0.21 vs. -0.83 mg/dL, P = 0.009) and a decreased serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels (-2.46 vs. 4.62 mg/dL, P = 0.02). We did not find a significant difference in terms of effect on serum magnesium, zinc, iron, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) levels and blood pressures comparing the two groups. In conclusion, multispecies probiotic supplementation among diabetic patients had beneficial effects on serum calcium and ALT concentrations.
Effects of testosterone treatment, with and without exercise training, on ambulatory blood pressure in middle-aged and older men; Context With age, testosterone (T) and physical activity levels often decline in parallel. The effect of combining T treatment and exercise training on ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) is unclear.
Virgin olive oil (unfiltered) extract contains peptides and possesses ACE inhibitory and antihypertensive activity; Background & aims: The peptide and protein composition of olive oil is mostly unknown and the few studies available have not focused on the study of its low molecular weight peptides. We hypothesised that olive oil could naturally contain low molecular weight peptides with antihypertensive effect.
The Effect of Intensive Dietary Intervention on the Level of RANTES and CXCL4 Chemokines in Patients with Non-Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomised Study; Simple Summary
Health effects of vitamin D; Increasing data suggest that many or most adults in the United States and Europe would benefit from vitamin D supplements. This review summarizes the benefits of vitamin D with the strongest evidence today from randomized controlled trials for fall and fracture prevention.
Relationship between dietary patterns and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and Aim: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is one of the most common causes of chronic liver disease. Previous studies have investigated the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD, but their results are contradictory. Therefore, we carried out this meta-analysis to examine the association between dietary patterns and NAFLD.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease; The objective of the current study was to explore our hypothesis that average consumption of fructose and fructose containing sugars would not increase risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A randomized, double blind, parallel group study was conducted where 267 individuals with BMI between 23 and 35 kg/m(2) consumed low fat sugar sweetened milk, daily for ten weeks as part of usual weight-maintenance diet. One group consumed 18% of calories from high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), another group consumed 18% of calories from sucrose, a third group consumed 9% of calories from fructose, and the fourth group consumed 9% of calories from glucose. There was a small change in waist circumference (80.9 +/- 9.5 vs. 81.5 +/- 9.5 cm) in the entire cohort, as well as in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, p < 0.01), triglycerides (TGs) (11.5 +/- 6.4 vs. 12.6 +/- 8.9 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and systolic (109.2 +/- 10.2 vs. 106.1 +/- 10.4 mmHg, p < 0.01) and diastolic blood pressure (69.8 +/- 8.7 vs. 68.1 +/- 9.7 mmHg, p < 0.01). The effects of commonly consumed sugars on components of the MetS and CVD risk factors are minimal, mixed and not clinically significant.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of health claims related to isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) and maintenance of normal blood pressure (ID 615, 661, 1831, 1832, 2891), and maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries (ID 1832) pursuant to Article 13(1) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to provide a scientific opinion on a list of health claims pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation 1924/2006. This opinion addresses the scientific substantiation of health claims in relation to the tripeptides isoleucine-proline-proline (IPP) and valine-proline-proline (VPP) and the following claimed effects: maintenance of blood pressure and maintenance of the elastic properties of the arteries. The scientific substantiation is based on the information provided by the Member States in the consolidated list of Article 13 health claims and references that EFSA has received from Member States or directly from stakeholders.
The Effect of Normally Consumed Amounts of Sucrose or High Fructose Corn Syrup on Lipid Profiles, Body Composition and Related Parameters in Overweight/Obese Subjects; The American Heart Association (AHA) has advocated that women and men not consume more than 100 and 150 kcal/day, respectively, from added sugars. These levels are currently exceeded by over 90% of the adult population in the United States. Few data exist on longer-term metabolic effects when sucrose and High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), the principal sources of added dietary sugars, are consumed at levels typical of the general population. Sixty five overweight and obese individuals were placed on a eucaloric (weight stable) diet for 10-weeks, which incorporated sucrose- or HFCS-sweetened, low-fat milk at 10% or 20% of calories in a randomized, double-blinded study. All groups responded similarly (interaction p > 0.05). There was no change in body weight in any of the groups over the 10-week study, or in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Likewise, there were no changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), or apolipoprotein B (Apo B). We conclude that (1) when consumed as part of a eucaloric diet fructosewhen given with glucose (as normally consumed) does not promote weight gain or an atherogenic lipid profile even when consumed at two to four times the level recently recommended by the AHA. (2) There were no differences between HFCS and sucrose on these parameters.
Platelet Count Affects Efficacy of Folic Acid in Preventing First Stroke; BACKGROUND The rote of platelets and important effect modifiers on the risk of first stroke is unknown.
Appropriate insulin regimes for type 2 diabetes - A multicenter randomized crossover study; OBJECTIVE - To directly compare the rate of hypoglycemia and metabolic control achieved on once-daily ultralente insulin administration with twice-daily NPH insulin administration in patients with type 2 diabetes. Patient treatment satisfaction and quality of life were also examined before and during each treatment.
A dietary pattern that lowers oxidative stress increases antibodies to oxidized LDL: Results from a randomized controlled feeding study; Background: Oxidation of LDL (oxLDL) is thought to have an important role in early stages of atherogenesis. Antibody to oxLDL (Ab-oxLDL) has been proposed as a biomarker which might be directly associated with oxidative stress. Yet studies designed to test this hypothesis are lacking. We tested the hypothesis that consumption of a healthy diet rich in fruits and vegetables and reduced in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol will concomitantly reduce oxidative stress and Ab-oxLDL.
Can Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors Be Safely Used in Pregnancy?; Objective. We review available safety data for use of currently approved tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors during pregnancy and lactation and suggest guidelines for use of these agents among women of reproductive age.
Moclobemide: Therapeutic use and clinical studies; Moclobemide is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine-oxidase-A (RIMA) and has been extensively evaluated in the treatment of a wide spectrum of depressive disorders and less extensively studied in anxiety disorders. Nearly all meta-analyses and most comparative studies indicated that in the acute management of depression this drug is more efficacious than placebo and as efficacious as tricyclic (or some heterocyclic) antidepressants or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). There is a growing evidence that moclobemide is not inferior to other antidepressants in the treatment of subtypes of depression, such as dysthymia, endogenous (unipolar and bipolar), reactive, atypical, agitated, and retarded depression as with other antidepressants limited evidence suggests that moclobemide has consistent long-term efficacy. However, more controlled studies addressing this issue are needed. For patients with bipolar depression the risk of developing mania seems to be not higher with moclobemide than with other antidepressants. The effective therapeutic dose range for moclobemide in most acute phase trials was 300 to 600 mg, divided in 2 to 3 doses. While one controlled trial and one long-term open-label study found moclobemide to be efficacious in social phobia, three controlled trials subsequently revealed either no effect or less robust effects with the tendency of higher doses (600 - 900 mg/d) to be more efficacious. Two comparative trials demonstrated moclobemide to be as efficacious as fluoxetine or clomipramine in patients suffering from panic disorder. Placebo-controlled trials in this indication are, however, still lacking.
Relationship of actual nutrition with estimates of the cognitive function of the population of Novosibirsk; Objective. To study in cross-sectional research the association of actual nutrition with estimates of cognitive function (CF) in the population of men and women of middle and older age (45-69 years).
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Diseases in Asia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; With emerging Asian-derived diet quality indices and data-driven dietary patterns available, we aimed to synthesize the various dietary patterns and quantify its association with cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among Asian populations. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science for observational studies in South, Southeast, and East Asia. Dietary patterns were grouped " high- quality, " which included high intakes of three or more of the following food groups: 1 ) fruits and vegetables, 2 ) whole grains, 3 ) healthy protein sources (legumes and nuts, fi sh and seafood, low-fat dairy, and lean meat and poultry), and 4 ) liquid plant oils. High-quality patterns were further subcategorized based on their derivation methods: non-Asian indices, Asian indices, data-driven patterns, and plant-based indices. Dietary patterns were grouped " low-quality, " which included high intakes of two or more of the following: 5 ) ultraprocessed food, 6 ) beverages and foods with added sugars, 7 ) foods high in salt, and 8 ) alcoholic beverages. Data-driven dietary patterns characterized by animal food sources were labeled " animal-based, " and studies using dietary diversity scores were labeled " diet diversity indices. " Dietary patterns that could not be meaningfully categorized were summarized narratively. Study-speci fi c effect estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Forty-one studies were included in this review. Higher adherence to high-quality dietary patterns in the top compared with bottom tertile de fi ned by non-Asian indices (RR: 0.78; 95% CI: 0.69, 0.88; GRADE: moderate), Asian indices (RR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.90; GRADE: low), and data-driven patterns (RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.74, 0.89; GRADE: moderate) were associated with lower CVD risk. Plant-based, low-quality, animal-based, and diet diversity indices dietary patterns were not associated with CVD. Associations of Asian diet quality indices and CVD risk were weaker than those with non-Asian indices, highlighting the need for current Asian diet quality criteria to be updated to better capture the impact of diet on CVD.
Carotid Plaque, Intima-Media Thickness, and Incident Aortic Stenosis A Prospective Cohort Study; Objective-Aortic stenosis (AS) shares risk factors with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaque may reflect the cumulative damage from exposure to different atherosclerotic risk factors. We examined the relationship of carotid IMT and plaque with incident AS in a prospective population-based study.
A Reduced-Calorie Dietary Pattern Including a Daily Sweet Snack Promotes Body Weight Reduction and Body Composition Improvements in Premenopausal Women Who Are Overweight and Obese: A Pilot Study; Reduced-calorie diets are difficult to follow because they often require elimination of certain foods, leading to poor compliance and limited success. However, a low-calorie, nutrient-dense diet has the potential to accommodate a daily snack without exceeding energy requirements, even during weight loss. This pilot study evaluated the effects of a reduced-calorie diet including either a daily dark chocolate snack or a non-chocolate snack on anthropometric and body composition measurements. In a randomized clinical trial, 26 overweight and obese (body mass index >= 25 to <= 43) premenopausal women were assigned to a reduced-calorie diet that included either a daily dark chocolate snack or non-chocolate snack (n=13 per group) for 18 weeks. At baseline and end of study, body weight and waist and hip circumferences were measured along with fat mass, lean mass, and body fat percentage by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry. Energy and macronutrient intakes were estimated from 4-day food records. Within- and between-group changes from baseline were analyzed using paired t tests and independent t tests, respectively. Women in both snack groups reduced estimated daily energy intake (P<0.001). Women in both the dark chocolate snack and non-chocolate snack groups, respectively, experienced decreases (P<0.001) in body weight (-5.1 vs -5.1 kg), hip circumference (-5.8 vs -5.4 cm), waist circumference (-5.7 vs -3.5 cm), fat mass (-3.9 vs -3.6 kg), and body fat percentage (-3.4% vs -3.1%), with no change in lean mass. Improvements in anthropometric and body composition measurements among overweight and obese premenopausal women can be achieved with a reduced-calorie diet including either a daily dark chocolate snack or non-chocolate snack. J Am Diet Assoc. 2011;111:1198-1203.
Does whey protein supplementation affect blood pressure in hypoalbuminemic peritoneal dialysis patients?; Objective: Hypertension and hypoalbuminemia are common risk factors for cardiovascular complications in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. Data are limited regarding the effects of whey protein consumption on blood pressure in this population. The aim of the present study was to examine if whey protein supplementation for 12 weeks to hypoalbuminemic PD patients affects their blood pressure.
Functional properties of hemostasis in piglets after short-term overheating against the background of corrective action; Catosal is considered to be a highly effective bio-stimulator. It showed his properties in animals, realizing the stimulation of their tissues and organs. The purpose of this research is to determine the effect of Catosal on hemostatic parameters in piglets that experienced overheating. 58 piglets at the age of 2.5 months, which belonged to a large white breed, were taken into work. All animals as a result of an accidental emergency shutdown of the air conditioning system in the pigsty suffered overheating for 3 hours. These animals were randomly divided into two comparable groups. One was named experimental; the other was called control 1. Pigs of the experimental group (21 heads) received intramuscular injections of 2.5 ml of Catosal daily for 5 consecutive days, from the next day after an overheating episode. The control group 1 consisted of piglets with a total number of 21. After an overheating episode, they were under the usual conditions of a pigsty and did not receive any effects. In experimental piglets and piglets of the control group 1, all indicators were recorded in the outcome and after 30 days. Control group 2 consisted of 32 completely healthy piglets that were kept under standard conditions of a pigsty for their entire lives. They were examined once. Catosal injections in the observed piglets after overheating led to a decrease in spontaneous and stimulated platelet aggregation to normal levels. Against the background of the use of Catosal in the piglets that made up the experimental group, a weakening of hemocoagulation was found, which improved blood circulation in their tissues. Piglets of control group 1 showed an increase in platelet aggregation and blood coagulation. This had a very negative effect on hemorheology in them and weakened their metabolism. We can assume that in piglets after overheating, in the absence of optimizing effects, hemostasis is activated. This adversely affects the course of microcirculation and inhibits growth. Injections in piglets after overheating of the Catosal lead to a weakening of hemocoagulation and platelet activity to optimum values. This normalizes the course of microcirculation in the internal organs of animals.
Reduction in consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with weight loss: the PREMIER trial; Background: Consumption of liquid calories from beverages has increased in parallel with the obesity epidemic in the US population, but their causal relation remains unclear.
Scientific Opinion on the substantiation of a health claim related to isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valyl-prolyl-proline (VPP) and maintenance of normal blood pressure pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006; Following an application from Valio Ltd submitted pursuant to Article 13(5) of Regulation (EC) No 1924/ 2006 via the Competent Authority of Finland, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of a health claim related to isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valyl-prolyl-proline (VPP) and maintenance of normal blood pressure (BP). The tripeptides IPP and VPP are sufficiently characterised. Maintenance of normal blood pressure is a beneficial physiological effect. The applicant identified a total of 20 published intervention studies (in 19 papers; five papers were translated by the applicant into English from the Japanese original) and one unpublished study, as well as two published and one unpublished meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) as being pertinent to the claim. Thirteen of the RCTs provided, four of which were adequately powered to detect small between-group differences in systolic BP (SBP), did not observe an effect of IPP and VPP on SBP or diastolic BP. The interpretation of the results from seven out of the eight studies which reported an effect of IPP and VPP on office SBP was hampered by major methodological limitations. The animal studies did not provide additional information on the effect of IPP and VPP on BP in humans, and no convincing evidence for a mechanism by which IPP and VPP could exert the claimed effect at the proposed dose has been provided. The Panel concludes that a cause and effect relationship has not been established between the consumption of IPP and VPP and maintenance of normal blood pressure. (C) European Food Safety Authority, 2011
Vitamin D and cardiovascular diseases: where do we stand in 2012?; Evidence is accumulating that vitamin D may play a role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. Vitamin D receptors (VDR) and enzymes of vitamin D metabolism are expressed in the vascular system and in the heart. VDR knockout mice suffer from cardiovascular disease (CVD) and selective inactivation of the VDR causes myocardial hypertrophy in cardiac myocytes. Many, but not all, observational studies have shown that vitamin D deficiency is associated with CVD and its risk factors. A low concentration of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25 [OH] D) is an independent risk factor for CVD, stroke and sudden cardiac death. There are very few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular endpoints, and conclusions can hardly be drawn as in some trials calcium has also been supplemented, which may increase the risk for CVD. Studies in which only vitamin D was given have indicated positive effects on cardiovascular risk factors, such as arterial hypertension. A number of larger studies of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular events and mortality have been undertaken. The design of these studies, however, may be problematic because, for example, individuals with high 25 (OH) D concentration also qualify for inclusion. The current body of evidence is not sufficient to recommend vitamin D supplementation for the prevention and treatment of CVD in general. Prevention and treatment of vitamin D deficiency, however, are both justified by the effects of vitamin D on the musculoskeletal system.
Cardiovascular Medications in Pregnancy A Primer; Reducing maternal morbidity and mortality is an essential public health initiative that requires partnerships across all medical specialties. Because cardiologists and obstetricians collaborate in the care of women with congenital and acquired heart disease, a significant shift toward improved outcomes undoubtedly will be seen. Possessing a basic knowledge of safe medication use in the care of this population aids the practitioner in providing safe guidance to women throughout the puerperium. The lack of randomized control trials will continue to present a challenge in pharmaceutical guidelines for pregnancy, but registries, case studies, and retrospective analyses may assist in filling this knowledge gap.
Effect of Intravenous Vitamin C and N Acetylcysteine on Postoperative Pain and Opioid Consumption after Laparoscopic Gynaecologic Oncosurgeries: A Randomised Controlled Study; Introduction: Postoperative pain is one of the common causes of increased postoperative morbidity and delayed recovery. Pain causes adverse effects such as hypertension, tachycardia, myocardial ischaemia, decreased alveolar ventilation, poor wound healing, and postoperative morbidity. Vitamin C and N-acetylcysteine (NAC), which is a novel co -analgesic, are being studied to reduce postoperative pain and opioid consumption. Aim: To study the effect of intravenous Vitamin C and NAC on postoperative surgical pain and opioid consumption after laparoscopic gynaecologic oncosurgeries. Materials and Methods: The present study was a randomised controlled study conducted at the Department of Anaesthesiology, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India on 300 patients of American Society of Anaesthesiologists (ASA) physical status 1 and 2 scheduled for laparoscopic Gynaeconcology surgery after obtaining written informed consent. All the selected patients were randomly allocated into three groups. Group P was the control group in Group N patients received intravenous injections of NAC (50 mg/kg) and vitamin C infusion (50 mg/kg) in Group C. Patients were explained about the visual analogue pain scale preoperatively. In the postoperative period, VAS scores were recorded and noted along with the rescue analgesics received and side -effects. Results: Haemodynamic variables were comparable among all three groups. The number of patients who had VAS scores of more than 4 was lower in group C (Vitamin C) at various time intervals when compared to the NAC and placebo groups. It was also statistically significant at 45 minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes, 150 minutes, 180 minutes, 300 minutes, and 10 hours (p-value=0.014, <0.001, <0.001, <0.001, 0.003, 0.005, 0.006, respectively). Postoperative opioid consumption was significantly reduced in group C (Vitamin C) compared to the other two groups (p-value<0.001). Conclusion: Intraoperative Vitamin C usage reduced postoperative pain and fentanyl consumption in the postoperative period, and NAC can be used as a part of multimodal analgesia.
Diet or exercise, or both, for preventing excessive weight gain in pregnancy; Background
Alterations in respiratory behavior, brain neurochemistry and receptor density induced by pharmacologic suppression of sleep in the neonatal period; The present study examined if drug suppression of active sleep (AS) in the neonate affected the development and expression of respiratory behavior. Secondly, we assessed brain neurochemistry acid receptor density in specific supra-medullary brain regions to identify coincident biochemical alterations. Sprague-Dawley newborn rat pups were randomized and divided among six rat mothers (n = 10/mother/group), each mother housed separately. Two untreated control (UC) groups received either no interventions or were fed milk vehicle twice daily and were handled similarly to the drug intervention animals. Pharmacological disruption of sleep was achieved by administration (2 groups of each) of either clonidine (CLO) 100 mu m/kg, or scopolamine (SCO) 800 mu m/kg, given orally twice daily for the first 7 days of life. On postnatal (P) days P10 and P19 of life, pups were assessed for metabolism, minute ventilation (V-E), tidal volume (V-t) and frequency (f). On P21 (14 days after the end of drug exposure), pups from each condition were sacrificed and punch biopsies of the frontal cortex, hypothalamus, and hippocampus were examined for hydroxytryptophan (5-HT), and norepinepherine (NE) by HPLC. An equal number of pups were sacrificed and brains examined for muscarinic acetylcholine (mAch), alpha(2)-adrenergic and I-1-imidazoline receptor density. Results: Both CLO and SCO exposed animals had a lower V-t and respiratory quotient than UC animals (p < 0.01). CLO animals exhibited a higher f (p < 0.01) and both CLO and SCO exhibited a lower V-t (p < 0.05) than the UC groups; V-E was reduced in the SCO groups, compared with CLO and UC groups (p < 0.01). Pattern of breathing in response to brief hypoxia exposure was altered for CLO and SCO, The normal decline in V-E during sleep was not observed in CLO rats. Both drug exposures resulted in a comparable reduction in hypothalamic NE and 5-HT levels (p < 0.05), while in the frontal cortex, and the hippocampus variable changes in NE and 5-HT, occurred. In CLO and SCO rats mAch receptors were increased in cortex, and reduced in hypothalamus; I-1-imidazoline receptors were increased in hypothalamus and decreased in hippocampus (p < 0.05 for each). in contrast, alpha(2)-adrenergic receptors were increased in cortex for both CLO and SCO, decreased in hypothalamus for CLO, and decreased in hippocampus for SCO (p < 0.05 for each). Conclusions: these data show that drug-induced neonatal sleep suppression will alter ventilatory pattern, metabolism, and site-specific concentrations of adrenergic neurotransmitters and in receptor density, perhaps as a result of suppression of neonatal AS. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Dose-related effects of flavanol-rich cocoa on blood pressure; Consumption of flavanol-containing cocoa products has been shown to lower blood pressure (BP), but the minimum dose required to reduce BP is not known. This study aimed to examine the effect of three different doses of cocoa flavanols (CF) on 24-h mean arterial BP. Twenty four hour ambulatory BP (24-ABP) monitoring was performed in 32 men and 20 postmenopausal women with untreated mild hypertension (seated clinic BP >130/85 and <160/100 mm Hg). Participants were randomized and instructed to consume daily a reconstituted cocoa beverage containing 33, 372, 712 or 1052 mg day(-1) of CF for 6 weeks in a double-blind, parallel comparison. Seated clinic BP and 24-h ABP were measured at 0, 3 and 6 weeks. Seated clinic BP did not change during the study period. There were significant reductions in 24-h systolic (5.3 +/- 5.1 mm Hg; P = 0.001), diastolic (3 +/- 3.2 mm Hg; P = 0.002) and mean arterial BP (3.8 +/- 3.2 mm Hg; P = 0.0004) at the 1052 mg day(-1) CF only. No reduction in BP was seen at any other dose. No evidence of dose-response was seen in this experiment. The highest dose of 1052 mg CF per day was found to significantly lower BP. These results support previous evidence for CF to lower BP, however more research is needed to establish the most effective dose and food matrix. Journal of Human Hypertension (2010) 24, 568-576; doi:10.1038/jhh.2009.105; published online 21 January 2010
Time to Reach Full Enteral Feeding and Its Predictors among Very Low Birth Weight Neonates Admitted in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit: A Follow-Up Cohort Study; Background. Feeding is crucial for very low birth weight neonates to grow and develop properly. This study aims to determine the time to achieve full enteral feeding and predictors among neonates admitted at Felege Hiwot Comprehensive Specialized Hospital. Methods. An institutional retrospective follow-up study design was conducted among 332 very low birth weight neonates from July 1, 2018, to June 30, 2021. Samples were selected through a computer-generated simple random sampling method, and the data were entered into Epi data version 4.6 and then exported to STATA version 16 for analysis. Kaplan-Meier with the log-rank test was used to test for the presence of difference in survival among predictor variables. Model goodness of fit and assumptions were checked by the Cox-Snell residual and the global test, respectively. Variables with p value <0.25 in the bi-variable analysis were fitted to the multivariable Cox-proportional hazard model. Finally, the adjusted hazard ratio (AHR) with 95% CI was computed, and variables with a p value less than 0.05 in the multivariable Cox regression analysis were considered significant predictors of time to reach full enteral feeding. Results. A total of 332 neonates were followed for 2,132 person days of risk time and 167 (50.3%) of very low birth weight neonates started full enteral feeding. The overall incidence rate of full enteral feeding was 7.8 per 100 person day observations. The median survival time was 7 days. Very low birth weight neonates delivered from pregnancy-induced hypertension-free mothers (AHR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.12, 3.94), gestational age of >= 33 weeks (AHR: 5,; 95% CI: 2.29, 11.13), kangaroo mother care initiated (AHR: 1.4; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.00), avoiding prefeed residual aspiration (AHR: 1.42; 95% CI: 1.002-2.03), and early enteral feeding (AHR: 1.5; 95% CI: 1.03, 2.35) were significant predictors of full enteral feeding. Conclusions. According to this study, the time to achieve full enteral feeding was relatively short. Therefore, healthcare professionals should emphasize achieving full enteral feeding and address hindering factors to save the lives of VLBW neonates.
Dietary habits and psychosocial factors as a risk for development of coronary heart disease in Bulgarian women; There are common risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in female and male sex but also some differences in their risk profile. Aim: to explore the diet of Bulgarian healthy women and their psychosocial status in conditions of economic transition. Material and methods Random population sample of 146 women free of cardiovascular diseases at mean age 58.14+/-8.75 years was studied. All participants were interviewed extensively for smoking and dietary habits, economic changes, the effect of stress and psychological factors, etc. To determine the type of personality a standard Framingham score was used. Results. Only 16% of the participants consume fish at least once a week. Fresh vegetables and fruits in winter arc limited to less than 10% of the sample. Yogurt and white cheese are common in the everyday menu - 68% and 65% respectively. Salt consumption is evenly distributed across the quartiles of systolic blood pressure. The financial status has worsened in 75% of the women. The everyday stress is considered moderate to high by 62% of the females. 70% has defined themselves as type A personality. Conclusions. The protective food products such as fish, fruits and vegetables are undervalued in the diet of the studied women, either due to financial constraints or because of acquired bad habits. The women in Bulgaria consider stress and financial difficulties important factors in their everyday life.
Epidemiology of Uterine Myomas: A Review; Myomas are the most common benign tumors of the genital organs in women of childbearing age, causing significant morbidity and impairing their quality of life. In our investigation, we have reviewed the epidemiological data related to the development of myomas in order to homogenize the current data. Therefore, a MEDLINE and PubMed search, for the years 1990-2013, was conducted using a combination of keywords, such as "myoma," "leiomyoma," "fibroids," "myomectomy," "lifestyle," "cigarette," "alcohol," "vitamins," "diet," and "hysterectomy". Randomized controlled studies were selected based upon the authors' estimation. Peer-reviewed articles examining myomas were sorted by their relevance and included in this research. Additional articles were also identified from the references of the retrieved papers and included according to authors' estimation.
Hemodynamic Effects of Lactotripeptides from Casein Hydrolysate in Mediterranean Normotensive Subjects and Patients with High-Normal Blood Pressure: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Crossover Clinical Trial; Contrasting data partially support a certain antihypertensive efficacy of lactotripeptides derived from enzymatic treatment of casein hydrolysate. We carried out a randomized, double-blind, crossover clinical study to investigate the antihypertensive efficacy of a short-term treatment with lactotripeptides in Mediterranean subjects with normal or high-normal blood pressure (BP). We consecutively enrolled 55 untreated subjects (men: women 30: 25), 40.3 +/- 9.8 years old, with normal or high-normal BP. After 4 weeks of dietary standardization, they were allocated to treatment with a fruit juice containing 3 mg of added Ile-Pro-Pro/Val-Pro-Pro lactotripeptides or with placebo for 4 weeks. After a 4-week washout period, they were then assigned to the alternative treatment for a further period of 4 weeks. Overall, no significant difference has been observed in office BP comparing baseline data with those posttreatment. Repeating the analysis by basal BP level, a mild but significant reduction in systolic BP (-1.7 +/- 2.3mm Hg; t=3.5, P=.002) has been observed only in subjects with high-normal BP after treatment with lactotripeptides. With regard to 24-hour BP measurement, after lactotripeptide treatment only, the subjects experienced a significant reduction in diurnal diastolic BP (-1.6 +/- 5.4mm Hg; P=.042), diurnal mean BP (-2.1 +/- 5.9mm Hg; P=.19), and 24-hour (-5.4 +/- 14.2mm Hg; P=.011) and diurnal (-7.1 +/- 19.2%; P=.014) diastolic BP value measurements relative to normal values. No modification has been observed in relation to plasma renin activity and aldosteronemia. In conclusion, diurnal diastolic BP is significantly reduced by lactrotripeptide supplementation in untreated Mediterranean subjects with normal or high-normal BP. Office systolic BP is reduced only in subjects with high-normal BP.
The Causal Effect of Vitamin D Binding Protein (DBP) Levels on Calcemic and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Background: Observational studies have shown that vitamin D binding protein (DBP) levels, a key determinant of 25-hydroxy- vitamin D (25OHD) levels, and 25OHD levels themselves both associate with risk of disease. If 25OHD levels have a causal influence on disease, and DBP lies in this causal pathway, then DBP levels should likewise be causally associated with disease. We undertook a Mendelian randomization study to determine whether DBP levels have causal effects on common calcemic and cardiometabolic disease.
Ethnic, racial, and gender variations in health among farm operators in the United States; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to collect baseline prevalence data on the health problems faced by minority, white, and female farm operators.
Comparison of solid-state-cultured and wood-cultured <i>Antrodia</i> <i>camphorata</i> in anti-inflammatory effects using NF-κB/luciferase inducible transgenic mice; Purpose: Antrodia camp horata (AC), a highly valued polypore mushroom native only to Taiwan, has been traditionally used as a medicine for the treatment of food and drug intoxication, diarrhea, abdominal pain, hypertension, skin itching, and cancer. In this study, both of solid-state-cultured AC (S-AC) and woodcultured AC (W-AC) were evaluated the anti-inflammatory effects on hyperoxia-induced lung injury in NF-kappa 13-luciferase(+/+) transgenic mice.
Twelve-year trends and correlates of dietary salt intakes for the general adult population of Geneva, Switzerland; Background/Objectives: Investigate dietary salt intake trends by gender, and their associations with risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in Geneva, Switzerland.
Prophylactic supplementation of microencapsulated<i> Boswellia</i><i> serrata</i> and probiotic bacteria in metabolic syndrome rats; Metabolic syndrome (MeS) is a major health problem associated with the high prevalence of obesity, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia. Boswellia serrata resin (BS) is an old remedy reputed by its rich antioxidant compounds. The present research aimed to assess the impact of microencapsulated BS if given in combination with probiotic bacteria (BAC) (Lactobacillus plantarum and Lactobacillus rhamnosus) which had anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities to control the metabolic disorders associated with MeS. Water extract of BS was prepared, total phenolic, total antioxidants and HPLC were analyzed. BS extract was microencapsulated by spray drier and the microcapsules were characterized. BAC were suspended in MRS, cultivated and microencapsulated by freeze drying. Rats were randomly assigned to 5 groups (8/gp). The 1st group was negative control receiving basic diet (C), the 2nd group was positive control fed on HFD, the 3rd group was fed on HFD + BS (400 mg/kg), the 4th group was fed on HFD + BAC (1 ml containing 1011 CFU), the 5th group was fed on HFD + BS + BAC. After 8 weeks animals were sacrificed, the collected serum was analyzed for different biochemical parameters. The body organs and body fat weights were estimated and histopathological and immunohistochemical exam-inations were evaluated. Results showed the ability of BS in controlling most of the parameters related to MeS and improvement of histopathology findings in organs.BS and BAC acted in synergy in this effect. In conclusion, microencapsulated BS or its combination with Probiotic bacteria may control MeS and both acted as symbiotic in augmenting the improvement of MeS intact model.
What is the optimal treatment for symptomatic patients with isolated coronary myocardial bridge? A systematic review and pooled analysis; Background Myocardial bridging is a common coronary anomaly, with few severe adverse events but a relevant symptom burden. Myocardial bridging treatment, however, remains uncertain because of the lack of randomized trials.
Antioxidant Lipid Supplement on Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; The efficacy of functional lipids with antioxidant properties in reducing cardiovascular risk has not been consistent. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting estimates for the effects of antioxidant functional lipid supplementations on cardiometabolic risk factors were searched up to 1 May 2024. Overall, antioxidant lipid supplementations, compared with placebo, had favorable effects on systolic blood pressure (lycopene: -1.95 [-3.54, -0.36] mmHg), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (n6 fatty acid: -0.39 [-0.71, -0.06] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.11 [-0.21, -0.01] mmol/L), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (n3 fatty acid: 0.20 [0.13, 0.27] mmol/L; n6 fatty acid: 0.08 [0.01, 0.14] mmol/L; astaxanthin: 0.13 [0.05, 0.21] mmol/L), total cholesterol (n6 fatty acid: -0.24 [-0.37, -0.11] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.22 [-0.32, -0.12] mmol/L; beta-carotene: -0.13 [-0.23, -0.04] mmol/L), triglyceride (n3 fatty acid: -0.37 [-0.47, -0.28] mmol/L; astaxanthin: -0.46 [-0.83, -0.10] mmol/L), and fasting blood insulin (astaxanthin: -2.66 [-3.98, -1.34] pmol/L). The benefits of antioxidant lipid supplementations appeared to be most evident in blood pressure and blood lipids in participants with different cardiometabolic health statuses. Notably, n9 fatty acid increased triglyceride and hemoglobin A1C in the total population, which increases CVD risk. Antioxidant lipid supplementations ameliorate cardiometabolic risk factors, while their effect may depend on type and cardiometabolic health status. Long-term RCTs are needed to corroborate risk-benefit ratios across different antioxidant functional lipid supplementation settings.
Comparative analysis of the efficacies of probiotic supplementation and glucose-lowering drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate the effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs (thiazolidinedione [TZD], glucagon-like pep-tide-1 receptor agonists [GLP-1 RA], dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors, and sodium glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors [SGLT-2i]) in patients with type 2 diabetes from randomized con-trolled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of science, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were searched on the treatment effects of probiotics and glucose-lowering drugs on glycemia, lipids, and blood pressure metabolism published between Jan 2015 and April 2021. We performed meta-analyses using the random-effects model. We included 25 RCTs (2,843 participants). Overall, GLP-1RA, SGLT-2i, and TZD significantly reduce fasting blood sugar (FBS) and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), whereas GLP-1 RA increased the risk of hypoglycaemia. Multispecies probiotics decrease FBS, total cholesterol (TC), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP, DBP). Moreover, subgroup analyses indicated that participants aged > 55 years, BMI >= 30 kg/m(2), longer duration of intervention, and subjects from Eastern countries, showed significantly higher reduction in FBS and HbA1c, TC, TG and SBP. This meta-analysis revealed that including multiple probiotic rather than glucose-lowering drugs might be more beneficial regarding T2D prevention who suffering from simultaneously hyperglycemia, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension.
Causal relationship between diet and knee osteoarthritis: A Mendelian randomization analysis; Background Knee osteoarthritis (KOA) is a common disabling joint disease that affects millions of people worldwide. Diet may play a role in the etiology and progression of KOA, but evidence for a causal relationship is limited. We aimed to investigate the causal impact of dietary intake on KOA risk using Mendelian randomization (MR).Methods We used summary-level data from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) including dietary intake (n = 335, 394-462, 342), and KOA (n = 403, 124). We selected 6-77 genetic variants as instrumental variables for 18 dietary factors, including processed meat, poultry, beef, oily fish, non-oily fish, pork, lamb, frequency of alcohol intake, alcoholic beverages, tea, coffee, dried fruit, cereals, cheese, bread, cooked vegetables, salad/raw vegetables, and fresh fruit. We performed univariate and multivariate MR analyses to estimate the causal effect of each dietary factor on KOA risk. We also performed some sensitivity analyses to assess the validity of the MR hypothesis.Results We found that higher coffee intake was associated with increased KOA risk, whereas higher intake of dried fruits, grains, cheese, and oily fish was associated with reduced KOA risk. After multivariate adjustment, we found that coffee and oily fish intake may affect KOA through obesity, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, hypertension, and prolonged standing. Sensitivity analyses did not reveal any evidence of pleiotropy.Conclusions Our study provides new causal evidence that dietary intake may influence KOA risk. Specifically, we suggest that increased intake of dried fruits, grains, cheese, and oily fish and decreased coffee intake may be beneficial in preventing and mitigating KOA. further studies are needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms and to confirm our findings in different populations.
Causal associations between dietary habits and CVD: a Mendelian randomisation study; Over the years, numerous observational studies have substantiated that various dietary choices have opposing effects on CVD. However, the causal effect has not yet been established. Thus, we conducted a Mendelian randomisation (MR) analysis to reveal the causal impact of dietary habits on CVD. Genetic variants strongly associated with 20 dietary habits were selected from publicly available genome-wide association studies conducted on the UK Biobank cohort (n 449 210). Summary-level data on CVD were obtained from different consortia (n 159 836-977 323). The inverse-variance weighted method (IVW) was the primary outcome, while MR-Egger, weighted median and MR Pleiotropy RESidual Sum and Outlier were used to assess heterogeneity and pleiotropy. We found compelling evidence of a protective causal effect of genetic predisposition towards cheese consumption on myocardial infarction (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;67; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;544, 0 & BULL;826; P = 1 & BULL;784 x 10(-4)) and heart failure (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;646; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;513, 0 & BULL;814; P = 2 & BULL;135 x 10(-4)). Poultry intake was found to be a detrimental factor for hypertension (IVW OR = 4 & BULL;306; 95 % CI = 2 & BULL;158, 8 & BULL;589; P = 3 & BULL;416 x 10(-5)), while dried fruit intake was protective against hypertension (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;473; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;348, 0 & BULL;642; P = 1 & BULL;683 x 10(-6)). Importantly, no evidence of pleiotropy was detected. MR estimates provide robust evidence for a causal relationship between genetic predisposition to 20 dietary habits and CVD risk, suggesting that well-planned diets may help prevent and reduce the risk of CVD.
The effect of high intakes of casein and casein phosphopeptide on calcium absorption in the rat; The effect of the level or source of dietary protein or protein-derived peptides on Ca absorption is not well understood. We determined, therefore, the influence of habitual dietary casein level, meal casein and meal casein phosphopeptide (CPP) on Ca absorption in the rat. True fractional Ca absorption was investigated in male 7-week-old rats, Wistar strain, in three separate studies using a faecal Sc-47:Ca-47 ratio method. In studies A and C, rats (n 8 per group) were fed on a purified diet containing 200 g casein/kg for 2 weeks. Rats were then given a Ca-47-labelled meal (10 g) containing (per kg) either 0, 100, 200, or 300 g casein (study A) or 0, 100, 200, 350 or 500 g CPP (study C). In study B, rats (n 24 per group) were fed on a purified diet containing (per kg) either 200, 350 or 500 g casein for 2 weeks. Each group was then further randomized into three groups (n 8 per group) and given a 47Ca-labelled meal (10 g of the same diet) containing (per kg) either 200, 350 or 500 g casein. Ca absorption from a meal was unaffected by increasing meal casein concentration from 0 to 300 g/kg (study A), but was increased with a meal casein content of 500 g/kg (study B). Fractional Ca absorption decreased with increasing usual dietary casein intake in the range 200-500 g/kg (study B), suggesting intestinal adaptation. Ca absorption was unaffected by inclusion of 100 g CPP/kg in a single meal but was significantly (P < 0.001) reduced by 200, 350 and 500 g CPP/kg meal, with no evident dose-relationship. Thus, while Ca absorption was enhanced by high-casein meals, the mechanism remains unclear.
Changes in the salt content of packaged foods sold in supermarkets between 2015-2020 in the United Kingdom: A repeated cross-sectional study; Background
Metabolic and psychological effects of short-term increased consumption of less-processed foods in daily diets: A Pilot Study; Aim. - This study evaluated whether the consumption of locally produced food without additives might have a positive effect on known risk factors for non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as hypertension, and levels of fasting glucose and visceral adipose tissue (VAT). Attention was focused on various types of cheese, sausages, fresh pasta, pastries, biscuits and chocolate without additives to make them palatable and durable for transport.
The Serum Metabolome Identifies Biomarkers of Dietary Acid Load in 2 Studies of Adults with Chronic Kidney Disease; Background: Dietary acid load is a clinically important aspect of the diet that reflects the balance between acid-producing foods, for example, meat and cheese, and base-producing foods, for example, fruits and vegetables.
Fibromyalgia and migraine, two faces of the same mechanism - Serotonin as the common clue for pathogenesis and therapy; In this study fibromyalgia sufferers were randomly administered a combination of monoamine -oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) -A/B with 5-HTP, 5-HTP alone, MAOIs-A/B alone, or the tricyclic drug amitriptyline in order to compare the efficacy of these treatments. The benefits on the painful syndrome were assessed by using Visual Analogic Scale score rating from 0 to 4. The combination of MAOIs with 5-HTP significantly improved fibromyalgia syndrome as determined by Visual Analogic Scale whereas the other treatments yielded poorer benefits. No subject withdrew from the trial due to adverse effects, even if some sleep disturbances and mild stomach-ache were reported. The tolerability of the association MAOIs/5-HTP was good, although a transient cheese effect occurred in one of the patients treated with MAOIs as well as in a patient treated with the association MAOIs and 5-HTP. No one of these two cases was due to pharmacological dietetic mistake of the patient. In both the cases the transient hypertension was associated to very dramatic emotional events.
Multi-Strain Probiotics Inhibit Cardiac Myopathies and Autophagy to Prevent Heart Injury in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats; High-fat diets induce obesity, leading to cardiomyocyte fibrosis and autophagy imbalance. In addition, no previous studies have indicated that probiotics have potential health effects associated with cardiac fibrosis and autophagy in obese rats.
Interaction of serum vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and folate with <i>MTHFR</i> genotypes on risk of ischemic stroke; ObjectiveWe evaluated the interaction of serum folate and vitamin B-12 with methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T genotypes on the risk of first ischemic stroke and on the efficacy of folic acid treatment in prevention of first ischemic stroke.MethodsA total of 20,702 hypertensive adults were randomized to a double-blind treatment of daily enalapril 10 mg and folic acid 0.8 mg or enalapril 10 mg alone. Participants were followed up every 3 months.ResultsMedian values of folate and B-12 concentrations at baseline were 8.1 ng/mL and 280.2 pmol/L, respectively. Over a median of 4.5 years, among those not receiving folic acid, participants with baseline serum B-12 or serum folate above the median had a significantly lower risk of first ischemic stroke (hazard ratio [HR], 0.74; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.57-0.96), especially in those with MTHFR 677 CC genotype (wild-type) (HR, 0.49; 95% CI, 0.31-0.78). Folic acid treatment significantly reduced the risk of first ischemic stroke in participants with both folate and B-12 below the median (2.3% in enalapril-folic acid group vs 3.6% in enalapril-only group; HR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.46-0.86), particularly in MTHFR 677 CC carriers (1.6% vs 4.9%; HR, 0.24; 95% CI, 0.11-0.55). However, TT homozygotes responded better with both folate and B-12 levels above the median (HR, 0.28; 95% CI, 0.10-0.75).ConclusionsThe risk of first ischemic stroke was significantly higher in hypertensive patients with low levels of both folate and B-12. Effect of folic acid treatment was greatest in patients with low folate and B-12 with the CC genotype, and with high folate and B-12 with the TT genotype.
Bioinformatic-aided prediction for release possibilities of bioactive peptides from plant proteins; Proteins apart from their basic functions may be the precursors of peptides with opioid, antihypertensive, immunomodulating, dipeptidyl peptidase inhibitors, antiamnestic, antithrombotic and other activities. Biopeptides as components of food with desired features become an interesting issue for scientific research. The bioinformatic-aided analysis of the distribution of biologically active fragments and bonds, which are predicted to be susceptible to the action of endopeptidases of known specificity, hydropatby index and prediction of secondary structures has been carried out. The results indicated that wheat gliadins were the most susceptible for bioactive peptides release. These peptides showed antihypertensive, inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase opioid and antioxidative effect, and were released by chymotrypsin, elastase, ficin and pepsin. The bioactive fragments predicted to be released by proteolytic enzymes as well as surroundings of such fragments were hydrophilic. The most frequently occurring structure of bioactive peptides from plant proteins was random coil. These findings suggested that the distribution of bioactive fragments could favour their release by proteinases.
Long-term vagal stimulation for heart failure: Eighteen month results from the NEural Cardiac TherApy foR Heart Failure (NECTAR-HF) trial; Background: The NECTAR-HF study evaluated safety and feasibility of vagal nerve stimulation (VNS) for the treatment of heart failure patients. The first six-month randomized phase of the study did not show improvement in left ventricular remodelling in response to VNS. This study reports the 18-month results and provides novel findings aiming to understand the lack of efficacy of VNS, including a new technique assessing the effects of VNS.
NaHCO<sub>3</sub>, l-arginine, and vitamin C supplemented vegetable diet ameliorates tachycardia and polycythemia in the broiler chicken; The study aimed to investigate if vegetable-based high-energy mash diets supplemented with NaHCO3, l-arginine + vitamin C, and vegetable oils were effective against tachycardia and polycythemia in the broiler chicken. A total of 256 Ross-308 day-old male broiler chicks were randomly distributed into eight dietary treatment groups in a three-way ANOVA with 2 x 2 x 2 factorial arrangement (three factors, i.e., NaHCO3, l-arginine + vitamin C, and vegetable oil each with two levels, e.g., 0 and 0.1% of NaHCO3 and l-arginine + vitamin C; 3 and 4% of vegetable oil supplemented with basal diet) for a period of 35 days. Iso-caloric and iso-nitrogenous diets were formulated and supplied ad libitum. The final live weight (FLW), average daily feed intake (ADFI), average daily gain (ADG), feed efficiency (FE), carcass traits, cardio-pulmonary morphometry, total protein (TP), hemoglobin (Hb), triiodothyronine (T-3), incidence of tachycardia, and polycythemia were examined. Supplementation of NaHCO3 increased 2.2% ADFI, 5.5% FE, and 23.2% TP. The l-arginine + vitamin C increased 2.4% FLW and decreased 1.9% heart rate. Vegetable oil increased 1.3% ADFI, 4.2% ADG, 8.6% FE, 23.1% Hb, and 15.5% PCV. The NaHCO3, l-arginine + vitamin C, and vegetable oil additively interacted to increase 31.5% T-3 at the expense of 21.1% of the weight of the right ventricle (RV). The RV:TV, carcass traits, and hemato-biochemical indices remained within normal range irrespective of the levels of the supplementations of the test ingredients. It was concluded that vegetable-based high-energy mash diets were not susceptible to tachycardia and polycythemia. The addition of NaHCO3 and l-arginine + vitamin C ameliorated the propensity of tachycardia and polycythemia without deteriorating performance, carcass traits, and hemato-biochemical indices of the broiler chicken in a dose-dependent manner.
High-throughput characterization of the effect of sodium chloride and potassium chloride on 31 lactic acid bacteria and their co-cultures; Salt (NaCl) is associated with a risk of hypertension and the development of coronary heart disease, so its consumption should be limited. However, salt plays a key role in the quality and safety of food by controlling undesirable microorganisms. Since studies have focused primarily on the effect of salts on the overall counts of the lactic acid bacteria (LAB) group, we have not yet understood how salt stress individually affects the strains and the interactions between them. In this study, we characterized the effect of sodium chloride (NaCl) and potassium chloride (KCl) on the growth and acidification of 31 LAB strains. In addition, we evaluated the effect of salts on a total of 93 random pairwise strain combinations. Strains and co-cultures were tested at 3% NaCl, 5% NaCl, and 3% KCl on solid medium using an automated approach and image analysis. The results showed that the growth of LAB was significantly reduced by up to 68% at 5% NaCl (p < 0.0001). For the co-cultures, a reduction of up to 57% was observed at 5% NaCl (p < 0.0001). However, acidification was less affected by salt stress, whether for monocultures or co-cultures. Furthermore, KCl had a lesser impact on both growth and acidification compared to NaCl. Indeed, some strains showed a significant increase in growth at 3% KCl, such as Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis 74310 (23%, p = 0.01). More importantly, co-cultures appeared to be more resilient and had more varied responses to salt stress than the monocultures, as several cases of suppression of the significant effect of salts on acidification and growth were detected. Our results highlight that while salts can modulate microbial interactions, these latter can also attenuate the effect of salts on LAB.
Salt intake and its sources in children, adolescents and adults in the Islamic Republic of Iran; Background: There is little evidence about salt intake and its food sources in the Iranian population, especially in children and adolescents. Aims: To investigate salt intake and dietary sources in Isfahan, Islamic Republic of Iran. Methods: This was a cross-sectional survey conducted in 2014-2015. We randomly selected 1384 adults (50.3% female, 49.7% male) aged > 18 years [mean 37.9 (10.6) years], and 786 children and adolescents (50.9% male, 49.1% female) aged 6-18 years [mean 12.5 (3.4) years]. All participants underwent a dietary assessment for salt intake, using a validated food frequency questionnaire.
Probiotics for patients with compensated liver cirrhosis: A double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background: Gut flora is related to the major complications of liver cirrhosis including hepatic encephalopathy, spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, and variceal bleeding. Prior studies have reported a beneficial effect of gut flora modification with probiotic bacteria in patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy. We aimed to study the effect of probiotics on clinical and laboratory parameters of patients with compensated cirrhosis.
Dietary diversity score is favorably associated with the metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults; OBJECTIVE: Assessing overall diet instead of the effects of a single nutrient on diet-disease relations may be more informative. This study was conducted to evaluate the relationship between dietary diversity score (DDS) and metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study.
Animal protein-soybean oil-based broiler diet optimizes net profit at the expense of desirable ω-6 fatty acids from the breast muscle of the broiler chicken; Total 288 Ross-308-day-old male broiler chicks were randomly distributed into six dietary treatment groups in a two-way ANOVA with 2 x 3 factorial arrangements (two factors, i.e., dietary protein and energy having two types of protein, e.g., plant, animal and three different sources of energy, e.g., soybean oil, rice bran oil and sunflower oil) to justify if animal protein-soybean oil based broiler diet optimizes net profit at the expense of desirable omega-6 fatty acids in the breast muscle of the broiler chicken. Average daily feed intake (ADFI), final live weight (FLW), average daily gain (ADG), feed efficiency (FE), carcass characteristics, cardio-pulmonary morphometry, fatty acid profile of the breast muscle and cost-benefit analysis were measured. Results indicated that animal protein significantly increased 4.27% FLW, 6.13% ADFI, 4.31% ADG and 2.93% wing weight. Accordingly, soybean oil increased 4.76% FLW, 3.80% ADG and 1.36% dressing percentage at the expense of 12.07% proventriculus weight compared with sunflower oil. The generalized linear model identified no interaction effects of the sources of protein and energy on overall performance of the birds. Replacement of vegetable protein by animal protein decreased 14.01% n-ary sumation omega-3, 12.16% n-ary sumation omega-6 and 12.21% sum of polyunsaturated fatty acids ( n-ary sumation PUFA) and concomitantly increased 10.82% sum of saturated fatty acids ( n-ary sumation SFAs) in the breast muscle (Pectoralis major). Accordingly, replacement of sunflower oil by soybean oil decreased 29.17% n-ary sumation omega-3, 6.71% n-ary sumation omega-6, 11.62% sum of monounsaturated fatty acids ( n-ary sumation MUFAs) and 7.33% n-ary sumation PUFAs and concurrently increased 18.36% n-ary sumation SFAs in the breast muscle of the broiler birds. It was concluded that animal protein-soybean oil-based broiler diet optimized net profit at the expense of desirable omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids in the breast muscle of the broiler chicken.
