 Effects of total fat intake on body weight;  Abstract - Background In order to prevent overweight and obesity in the general population we need to understand the relationship between the proportion of energy from fat and resulting weight and body fatness in the general population. Objectives To assess the effects of proportion of energy intake from fat on measures of weight and body fatness (including obesity, waist circumference and body mass index) in people not aiming to lose weight, using all appropriate randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and cohort studies in adults, children and young people Search methods We searched CENTRAL to March 2014 and MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to November 2014. We did not limit the search by language. We also checked the references of relevant reviews. Selection criteria Trials fulfilled the following criteria: 1) randomised intervention trial, 2) included children (aged ≥ 24 months), young people or adults, 3) randomised to a lower fat versus usual or moderate fat diet, without the intention to reduce weight in any participants, 4) not multifactorial and 5) assessed a measure of weight or body fatness after at least six months. We also included cohort studies in children, young people and adults that assessed the proportion of energy from fat at baseline and assessed the relationship with body weight or fatness after at least one year. We duplicated inclusion decisions and resolved disagreement by discussion or referral to a third party. Data collection and analysis We extracted data on the population, intervention, control and outcome measures in duplicate. We extracted measures of weight and body fatness independently in duplicate at all available time points. We performed random‐effects meta‐analyses, meta‐regression, subgrouping, sensitivity and funnel plot analyses. Main results We included 32 RCTs (approximately 54,000 participants) and data from 25 cohorts. There is consistent evidence from RCTs in adults of a small weight‐reducing effect of eating a smaller proportion of energy from fat; this was seen in almost all included studies and was highly resistant to sensitivity analyses. The effect of eating less fat (compared with usual diet) is a mean weight reduction of 1.5 kg (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐2.0 to ‐1.1 kg), but greater weight loss results from greater fat reductions. The size of the effect on weight does not alter over time and is mirrored by reductions in body mass index (BMI) (‐0.5 kg/m 2 , 95% CI ‐0.7 to ‐0.3) and waist circumference (‐0.3 cm, 95% CI ‐0.6 to ‐0.02). Included cohort studies in children and adults most often do not suggest any relationship between total fat intake and later measures of weight, body fatness or change in body fatness. However, there was a suggestion that lower fat intake was associated with smaller increases in weight in middle‐aged but not elderly adults, and in change in BMI in the highest validity child cohort. Authors' conclusions Trials where participants were randomised to a lower fat intake versus usual or moderate fat intake, but with no intention to reduce weight, showed a consistent, stable but small effect of low fat intake on body fatness: slightly lower weight, BMI and waist circumference compared with controls. Greater fat reduction and lower baseline fat intake were both associated with greater reductions in weight. This effect of reducing total fat was not consistently reflected in cohort studies assessing the relationship between total fat intake and later measures of body fatness or change in body fatness in studies of children, young people or adults. Plain language summary Effect of cutting down the fat we eat on body weight The ideal proportion of energy from fat in our food and its relation to body weight is not clear. This review looked at the effect of cutting down the proportion of energy from fat in our food on body weight and fatness in both adults and children who are not aiming to lose weight. The review found that cutting down on the proportion of fat in our food leads to a small but noticeable decrease in body weight, body mass index and waist circumference. This effect was found both in adults and children. The effect did not change over time.
 Effects of total fat intake on body fatness in adults;  Abstract - Background The ideal proportion of energy from fat in our food and its relation to body weight is not clear. In order to prevent overweight and obesity in the general population, we need to understand the relationship between the proportion of energy from fat and resulting weight and body fatness in the general population. Objectives To assess the effects of proportion of energy intake from fat on measures of body fatness (including body weight, waist circumference, percentage body fat and body mass index) in people not aiming to lose weight, using all appropriate randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of at least six months duration. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Clinicaltrials.gov and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) to October 2019. We did not limit the search by language. Selection criteria Trials fulfilled the following criteria: 1) randomised intervention trial, 2) included adults aged at least 18 years, 3) randomised to a lower fat versus higher fat diet, without the intention to reduce weight in any participants, 4) not multifactorial and 5) assessed a measure of weight or body fatness after at least six months. We duplicated inclusion decisions and resolved disagreement by discussion or referral to a third party. Data collection and analysis We extracted data on the population, intervention, control and outcome measures in duplicate. We extracted measures of body fatness (body weight, BMI, percentage body fat and waist circumference) independently in duplicate at all available time points. We performed random‐effects meta‐analyses, meta‐regression, subgrouping, sensitivity, funnel plot analyses and GRADE assessment. Main results We included 37 RCTs (57,079 participants). There is consistent high‐quality evidence from RCTs that reducing total fat intake results in small reductions in body fatness; this was seen in almost all included studies and was highly resistant to sensitivity analyses (GRADE high‐quality evidence, not downgraded). The effect of eating less fat (compared with higher fat intake) is a mean body weight reduction of 1.4 kg (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.7 to ‐1.1 kg, in 53,875 participants from 26 RCTs, I 2  = 75%). The heterogeneity was explained in subgrouping and meta‐regression. These suggested that greater weight loss results from greater fat reductions in people with lower fat intake at baseline, and people with higher body mass index (BMI) at baseline. The size of the effect on weight does not alter over time and is mirrored by reductions in BMI (MD ‐0.5 kg/m 2 , 95% CI ‐0.6 to ‐0.3, 46,539 participants in 14 trials, I 2  = 21%), waist circumference (MD ‐0.5 cm, 95% CI ‐0.7 to ‐0.2, 16,620 participants in 3 trials; I 2  = 21%), and percentage body fat (MD ‐0.3% body fat, 95% CI ‐0.6 to 0.00, P = 0.05, in 2350 participants in 2 trials; I 2  = 0%). There was no suggestion of harms associated with low fat diets that might mitigate any benefits on body fatness. The reduction in body weight was reflected in small reductions in LDL (‐0.13 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.21 to ‐0.05), and total cholesterol (‐0.23 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.32 to ‐0.14), with little or no effect on HDL cholesterol (‐0.02 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.00), triglycerides (0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.05 to 0.07), systolic (‐0.75 mmHg, 95% CI ‐1.42 to ‐0.07) or diastolic blood pressure(‐0.52 mmHg, 95% CI ‐0.95 to ‐0.09), all GRADE high‐quality evidence or quality of life (0.04, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.07, on a scale of 0 to 10, GRADE low‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Trials where participants were randomised to a lower fat intake versus a higher fat intake, but with no intention to reduce weight, showed a consistent, stable but small effect of low fat intake on body fatness: slightly lower weight, BMI, waist circumference and percentage body fat compared with higher fat arms. Greater fat reduction, lower baseline fat intake and higher baseline BMI were all associated with greater reductions in weight. There was no evidence of harm to serum lipids, blood pressure or quality of life, but rather of small benefits or no effect. Plain language summary Effect of cutting down the fat we eat on body weight The ideal proportion of energy from fat in our food and its relation to body fatness is not clear. This review looked at the effect of cutting down the proportion of energy from fat in our food on body fatness in adults who are not aiming to lose weight. Body fatness was measured using body weight, body mass index, waist circumference and percent body fatness. The evidence is current to October 2019. The review found that cutting down on the proportion of fat in our food leads to a small but noticeable decrease in body weight, body mass index, percentage body fat and waist circumference. The effect did not change over time, but reducing fat intake to a greater extent results in greater weight reduction. We assessed potential harms of reducing total fat, but found no evidence of harm on serum lipids, blood pressure or quality of life.
 Lifestyle interventions for acute gout;  Abstract - Background Although lifestyle interventions are often recommended in the management of chronic gout, the evidence from trial data of the benefits and safety of using lifestyle interventions for treating acute gout attacks have not previously been examined in a systematic review. Objectives The objective of this systematic review was to evaluate the benefits and safety of lifestyle interventions for the treatment of people with acute gout. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE and EMBASE for studies (up to 5 April 2013). We also searched the 2010 to 2011 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) and European League Against Rheumatism (EULAR) abstracts and performed a handsearch of the reference lists of included articles. Selection criteria Studies were included if they were randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials which compared lifestyle interventions to another therapy (active or placebo) in patients with acute gout. Outcomes of interest were the change in participant‐reported pain in the target joint(s), target joint inflammation and function, health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), patient global assessment, study participant withdrawals due to adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied methods recommended by The Cochrane Collaboration for the selection, appraisal, data collection and synthesis of studies. We assessed the quality of the body of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results Only one study (19 participants) at high risk of bias was included in the review. Patients were randomised to receive oral prednisolone and colchicine with or without concomitant topical ice therapy. Topical ice therapy provided significant additional benefit over oral prednisolone and colchicine alone with respect to pain, but did not significantly reduce swelling during acute gout episodes. Mean pain reduction with standard medical treatment was 4.4 cm on a 0 to 10 cm visual analogue scale (VAS) after one week; the addition of topical ice reduced pain by an additional 3.33 cm (95% CI 5.84 to 0.82), or an absolute reduction of 33% (8% to 58% reduction). Joint swelling was reduced by a mean of 3.8 cm in the standard medical treatment group; the addition of topical ice therapy did not reduce swelling significantly (mean difference (MD) 2.07 cm, 95% CI ‐1.56 to 5.70). Target joint function, HRQoL, patient global assessment, study participant withdrawals due to AEs and SEAs were not reported in this study. Authors' conclusions There is low quality evidence, from a single trial at high risk of bias, that the addition of topical ice therapy to oral prednisolone and colchicine for oligoarticular attacks of acute gout results in significantly greater pain reduction at one week. Plain language summary Lifestyle interventions for treating acute gout attacks This summary of a Cochrane review presents what we know from research about the effect of lifestyle modifications in the treatment of people with acute gout. There was one study included in this review, which looked at the benefits and safety of adding topical ice therapy to medications commonly used for treating acute gout (prednisolone and colchicine). Over a one week period, in addition to prednisolone and colchicine, ice was applied to the skin overlying the joints affected by acute gout, for half‐an‐hour, four times per day, to relieve symptoms of pain and warmth and to reduce signs of redness and swelling. The review shows that in people with acute gout: We are uncertain whether the reduction in pain seen with the addition of topical ice to standard treatment of prednisolone and colchicine, compared to prednisolone and colchicine alone, is a true effect because of the very low quality evidence. Joint function, health‐related quality of life, patient global assessment and side effects and complications were not reported. We often do not have precise information about side effects and complications. Topical ice is likely to be a safe intervention. What is gout and what are lifestyle interventions? Gout is a very common cause of painful joint inflammation (arthritis) and is caused by urate crystals forming either within or around joints. The inflammation can lead to pain, redness, warmth and swelling of the affected joints, making the area difficult to touch or move. Some of the reasons why people get gout include their genetic make‐up, being overweight, ingesting certain medications (for example cyclosporine), having impaired kidney function, and lifestyle habits such as drinking excessive amounts of alcohol and sugar‐sweetened drinks. Medications are the mainstay of acute gout treatment. Given the recognised association between certain lifestyle risk factors and gout development, lifestyle changes such as consuming more water, coffee, dairy milk and cherry juice, and having fewer sugar‐sweetened drinks, alcoholic beverages, meat and seafood are commonly recommended to people with chronic gout to prevent recurrence of attacks. Best estimate of what happens to people with acute gout using topical ice in addition to medications: Joint pain (lower score means less pain) People who used topical ice (for half‐an‐hour, four times per day for one week) in addition to medical treatment (oral prednisolone and colchicine) rated their pain 3.33 points lower on a 0 to 10 point pain scale (33% absolute improvement).  ‐ People who used topical ice in addition to medical treatment (prednisolone and colchicine) rated their pain to be 2.25 points on a scale of 0 to 10.  ‐ People who used medical treatment alone rated their pain to be 5.58 points on a scale of 0 to 10. ‐ Three people would need to be treated with topical ice for one person to benefit from pain relief. Adverse events Side effects or complications of using topical ice in addition to medical therapy were not reported in the study.
 Dietary advice for reducing cardiovascular risk;  Abstract - Background Changes in population diet are likely to reduce cardiovascular disease and cancer, but the effect of dietary advice is uncertain. This review is an update of a previous review published in 2007. Objectives To assess the effects of providing dietary advice to achieve sustained dietary changes or improved cardiovascular risk profile among healthy adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, the Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE) and the HTA database on  The Cochrane Library  (Issue 4, 2010). We searched MEDLINE (Ovid) (1950 to week 2 October 2010) and EMBASE (Ovid) (1980 to Week 42 2010). Additional searches were done on CAB Health (1972 to December 1999), CVRCT registry (2000), CCT (2000) and SIGLE (1980 to 2000). Dissertation abstracts and reference lists of articles were checked and researchers were contacted. Selection criteria Randomised studies with no more than 20% loss to follow‐up, lasting at least three months and involving healthy adults comparing dietary advice with no advice or minimal advice. Trials involving children, trials to reduce weight or those involving supplementation were excluded. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Study authors were contacted for additional information. Main results Forty‐four trials with 52 intervention arms (comparisons) comparing dietary advice with no advice were included in the review; 18,175 participants or clusters were randomised. Twenty‐nine of the 44 included trials were conducted in the USA. Dietary advice reduced total serum cholesterol by 0.15 mmol/L (95% CI 0.06 to 0.23) and LDL cholesterol by 0.16 mmol/L (95% CI 0.08 to 0.24) after 3 to 24 months. Mean HDL cholesterol levels and triglyceride levels were unchanged. Dietary advice reduced blood pressure by 2.61 mm Hg systolic (95% CI 1.31 to 3.91) and 1.45 mm Hg diastolic (95% CI 0.68 to 2.22) and 24‐hour urinary sodium excretion by 40.9 mmol (95% CI 25.3 to 56.5) after 3 to 36 months but there was heterogeneity between trials for the latter outcome. Three trials reported plasma antioxidants, where small increases were seen in lutein and β‐cryptoxanthin, but there was heterogeneity in the trial effects. Self‐reported dietary intake may be subject to reporting bias, and there was significant heterogeneity in all the following analyses. Compared to no advice, dietary advice increased fruit and vegetable intake by 1.18 servings/day (95% CI 0.65 to 1.71). Dietary fibre intake increased with advice by 6.5 g/day (95% CI 2.2 to 10.82), while total dietary fat as a percentage of total energy intake fell by 4.48% (95% CI 2.47 to 6.48) with dietary advice, and saturated fat intake fell by 2.39% (95% CI 1.4 to 3.37). Two trials analysed incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) events (TOHP I/II). Follow‐up was 77% complete at 10 to 15 years after the end of the intervention period and estimates of event rates lacked precision but suggested that sodium restriction advice probably led to a reduction in cardiovascular events (combined fatal plus non‐fatal events) plus revascularisation (TOHP I hazards ratio (HR) 0.59, 95% CI 0.33 to 1.08; TOHP II HR 0.81, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.12). Authors' conclusions Dietary advice appears to be effective in bringing about modest beneficial changes in diet and cardiovascular risk factors over approximately 12 months, but longer‐term effects are not known. Plain language summary Dietary advice for reducing cardiovascular risk Diet is an important determinant of chronic disease risk, particularly heart disease. This review assessed the effects of providing dietary advice to healthy adults in order to produce sustained improvements in their diets. Whether dietary improvement would reduce the risk factors associated with heart disease was also examined. We found 44 trials in which healthy adults were randomly assigned to receive dietary advice or no dietary advice. The dietary improvements recommended to the people in the intervention groups centred largely on the reduction of salt and fat intake and an increase in the intake of fruit, vegetables and fibre. Advice was delivered in a variety of ways, including one‐to‐one contact, group sessions and written materials. There were variations in intensity of the intervention, ranging from one contact per study participant to 50 hours of counselling over four years. The duration of the trials ranged from three months to four years, with a median follow‐up period of 12 months. There was some evidence of greater effectiveness in people told that they were at risk of heart disease or cancer. Modest improvements were shown in cardiovascular risk factors, such as blood pressure and total and LDL‐cholesterol levels. In the trials that separated effects by gender, women tended to make larger reductions in fat intake but there was insufficient evidence to show whether this translated to a larger reduction in total cholesterol levels. Two trials followed people up 10 to 15 years after the end of the trials and showed that the beneficial changes in cardiovascular risk factors may have resulted in a reduced incidence of heart disease, stroke or heart attack, although more evidence is needed to confirm this.
 Reduction in saturated fat intake for cardiovascular disease;  Abstract - Background Reducing saturated fat reduces serum cholesterol, but effects on other intermediate outcomes may be less clear. Additionally, it is unclear whether the energy from saturated fats eliminated from the diet are more helpfully replaced by polyunsaturated fats, monounsaturated fats, carbohydrate or protein. Objectives To assess the effect of reducing saturated fat intake and replacing it with carbohydrate (CHO), polyunsaturated (PUFA), monounsaturated fat (MUFA) and/or protein on mortality and cardiovascular morbidity, using all available randomised clinical trials. Search methods We updated our searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (Ovid) and Embase (Ovid) on 15 October 2019, and searched Clinicaltrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 17 October 2019. Selection criteria Included trials fulfilled the following criteria: 1) randomised; 2) intention to reduce saturated fat intake OR intention to alter dietary fats and achieving a reduction in saturated fat; 3) compared with higher saturated fat intake or usual diet; 4) not multifactorial; 5) in adult humans with or without cardiovascular disease (but not acutely ill, pregnant or breastfeeding); 6) intervention duration at least 24 months; 7) mortality or cardiovascular morbidity data available. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed inclusion, extracted study data and assessed risk of bias. We performed random‐effects meta‐analyses, meta‐regression, subgrouping, sensitivity analyses, funnel plots and GRADE assessment. Main results We included 15 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (16 comparisons, 56,675 participants), that used a variety of interventions from providing all food to advice on reducing saturated fat. The included long‐term trials suggested that reducing dietary saturated fat reduced the risk of combined cardiovascular events by 17% (risk ratio (RR) 0.83; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 0.98, 12 trials, 53,758 participants of whom 8% had a cardiovascular event, I² = 67%, GRADE moderate‐quality evidence). Meta‐regression suggested that greater reductions in saturated fat (reflected in greater reductions in serum cholesterol) resulted in greater reductions in risk of CVD events, explaining most heterogeneity between trials. The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 56 in primary prevention trials, so 56 people need to reduce their saturated fat intake for ~four years for one person to avoid experiencing a CVD event. In secondary prevention trials, the NNTB was 53. Subgrouping did not suggest significant differences between replacement of saturated fat calories with polyunsaturated fat or carbohydrate, and data on replacement with monounsaturated fat and protein was very limited. We found little or no effect of reducing saturated fat on all‐cause mortality (RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.90 to 1.03; 11 trials, 55,858 participants) or cardiovascular mortality (RR 0.95; 95% CI 0.80 to 1.12, 10 trials, 53,421 participants), both with GRADE moderate‐quality evidence. There was little or no effect of reducing saturated fats on non‐fatal myocardial infarction (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.07) or CHD mortality (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.16, both low‐quality evidence), but effects on total (fatal or non‐fatal) myocardial infarction, stroke and CHD events (fatal or non‐fatal) were all unclear as the evidence was of very low quality. There was little or no effect on cancer mortality, cancer diagnoses, diabetes diagnosis, HDL cholesterol, serum triglycerides or blood pressure, and small reductions in weight, serum total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and BMI. There was no evidence of harmful effects of reducing saturated fat intakes. Authors' conclusions The findings of this updated review suggest that reducing saturated fat intake for at least two years causes a potentially important reduction in combined cardiovascular events. Replacing the energy from saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat or carbohydrate appear to be useful strategies, while effects of replacement with monounsaturated fat are unclear. The reduction in combined cardiovascular events resulting from reducing saturated fat did not alter by study duration, sex or baseline level of cardiovascular risk, but greater reduction in saturated fat caused greater reductions in cardiovascular events. Plain language summary Effect of cutting down on the saturated fat we eat on our risk of heart disease Review question We wanted to find out the effects on health of cutting down on saturated fat in our food (replacing animal fats and hard vegetable fats with plant oils, unsaturated spreads or starchy foods). Background Health guidance suggests that reducing the amount of saturated fat we eat, by cutting down on animal fats, is good for our health. We wanted to combine all available evidence to see whether following this advice leads to a reduced risk of dying or getting cardiovascular disease (heart disease or stroke). Study characteristics We assessed the effect of cutting down the amount of saturated fat we eat for at least two years on health outcomes including dying, heart disease and stroke. We only looked at studies of adults (18 years or older). They included men and women with and without cardiovascular disease. We did not include studies of acutely ill people or pregnant or breastfeeding women. Key results We found 15 studies with over 56,000 participants. The evidence is current to October 2019. The review found that cutting down on saturated fat led to a 17% reduction in the risk of cardiovascular disease (including heart disease and strokes), but had little effect on the risk of dying. The review found that health benefits arose from replacing saturated fats with polyunsaturated fat or starchy foods. The greater the decrease in saturated fat, and the more serum total cholesterol is reduced, the greater the protection from cardiovascular events. People who are currently healthy appear to benefit as much as those at increased risk of heart disease or stroke (people with high blood pressure, high serum cholesterol or diabetes, for example), and people who have already had heart disease or stroke. There was no difference in effect between men and women. This means that, if 56 people without cardiovascular disease, or 53 people who already have cardiovascular disease, reduce their saturated fat for around 4 years, then one person will avoid a cardiovascular event (heart attack or stroke) they would otherwise have experienced. Quality of the evidence There is a large body of evidence assessing effects of reducing saturated fat for at least two years. These studies provide moderate‐quality evidence that reducing saturated fat reduces our risk of cardiovascular disease.
 Low‐carbohydrate versus balanced‐carbohydrate diets for reducing weight and cardiovascular risk;  Abstract - Background Debates on effective and safe diets for managing obesity in adults are ongoing. Low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets (also known as 'low‐carb diets') continue to be widely promoted, marketed and commercialised as being more effective for weight loss, and healthier, than 'balanced'‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets. Objectives To compare the effects of low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets to weight‐reducing diets with balanced ranges of carbohydrates, in relation to changes in weight and cardiovascular risk, in overweight and obese adults without and with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Search methods We searched MEDLINE (PubMed), Embase (Ovid), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Web of Science Core Collection (Clarivate Analytics), ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) up to 25 June 2021, and screened reference lists of included trials and relevant systematic reviews. Language or publication restrictions were not applied. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults (18 years+) who were overweight or living with obesity, without or with T2DM, and without or with cardiovascular conditions or risk factors. Trials had to compare low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets to balanced‐carbohydrate (45% to 65% of total energy (TE)) weight‐reducing diets, have a weight‐reducing phase of 2 weeks or longer and be explicitly implemented for the primary purpose of reducing weight, with or without advice to restrict energy intake.  Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened titles and abstracts and full‐text articles to determine eligibility; and independently extracted data, assessed risk of bias using RoB 2 and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. We stratified analyses by participants without and with T2DM, and by diets with weight‐reducing phases only and those with weight‐reducing phases followed by weight‐maintenance phases. Primary outcomes were change in body weight (kg) and the number of participants per group with weight loss of at least 5%, assessed at short‐ (three months to < 12 months) and long‐term (≥ 12 months) follow‐up. Main results We included 61 parallel‐arm RCTs that randomised 6925 participants to either low‐carbohydrate or balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets. All trials were conducted in high‐income countries except for one in China. Most participants (n = 5118 randomised) did not have T2DM. Mean baseline weight across trials was 95 kg (range 66 to 132 kg). Participants with T2DM were older (mean 57 years, range 50 to 65) than those without T2DM (mean 45 years, range 22 to 62). Most trials included men and women (42/61; 3/19 men only; 16/19 women only), and people without baseline cardiovascular conditions, risk factors or events (36/61). Mean baseline diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol across trials were within normal ranges. The longest weight‐reducing phase of diets was two years in participants without and with T2DM. Evidence from studies with weight‐reducing phases followed by weight‐maintenance phases was limited. Most trials investigated low‐carbohydrate diets (> 50 g to 150 g per day or < 45% of TE; n = 42), followed by very low (≤ 50 g per day or < 10% of TE; n = 14), and then incremental increases from very low to low (n = 5). The most common diets compared were low‐carbohydrate, balanced‐fat (20 to 35% of TE) and high‐protein (> 20% of TE) treatment diets versus control diets balanced for the three macronutrients (24/61). In most trials (45/61) the energy prescription or approach used to restrict energy intake was similar in both groups. We assessed the overall risk of bias of outcomes across trials as predominantly high, mostly from bias due to missing outcome data. Using GRADE, we assessed the certainty of evidence as moderate to very low across outcomes.  Participants without and with T2DM lost weight when following weight‐reducing phases of both diets at the short (range: 12.2 to 0.33 kg) and long term (range: 13.1 to 1.7 kg).  In overweight and obese participants without T2DM:  low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets compared to balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets (weight‐reducing phases only) probably result in little to no difference in change in body weight over three to 8.5 months (mean difference (MD) −1.07 kg, (95% confidence interval (CI) −1.55 to −0.59, I 2  = 51%, 3286 participants, 37 RCTs, moderate‐certainty evidence) and over one to two years (MD −0.93 kg, 95% CI −1.81 to −0.04, I 2  = 40%, 1805 participants, 14 RCTs, moderate‐certainty evidence); as well as change in DBP and LDL cholesterol over one to two years. The evidence is very uncertain about whether there is a difference in the number of participants per group with weight loss of at least 5% at one year (risk ratio (RR) 1.11, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.31, I 2  = 17%, 137 participants, 2 RCTs, very low‐certainty evidence).  In overweight and obese participants with T2DM:  low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets compared to balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets (weight‐reducing phases only) probably result in little to no difference in change in body weight over three to six months (MD −1.26 kg, 95% CI −2.44 to −0.09, I 2  = 47%, 1114 participants, 14 RCTs, moderate‐certainty evidence) and over one to two years (MD −0.33 kg, 95% CI −2.13 to 1.46, I 2  = 10%, 813 participants, 7 RCTs, moderate‐certainty evidence); as well in change in DBP, HbA1c and LDL cholesterol over 1 to 2 years. The evidence is very uncertain about whether there is a difference in the number of participants per group with weight loss of at least 5% at one to two years (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.20, I 2  = 0%, 106 participants, 2 RCTs, very low‐certainty evidence).  Evidence on participant‐reported adverse effects was limited, and we could not draw any conclusions about these.  Authors' conclusions There is probably little to no difference in weight reduction and changes in cardiovascular risk factors up to two years' follow‐up, when overweight and obese participants without and with T2DM are randomised to either low‐carbohydrate or balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets.  Plain language summary Low‐carbohydrate diets or balanced‐carbohydrate diets: which works better for weight loss and heart disease risks?  Key messages • There is probably little to no difference in the weight lost by people following low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets (also known as 'low‐carb diets') compared to the weight lost by people following balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets, for up to two years. • Similarly, there is probably little to no difference between the diets for changes in heart disease risks, like diastolic blood pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c, a measure of blood sugar levels over 2‐3 months) and LDL cholesterol (‘unhealthy’ cholesterol) up to two years. • This was the case in people with and without type 2 diabetes. What are low‐carbohydrate and balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets? People spend lots of money on trying to lose weight using diets, products, foods and books, and continue to debate about which diets are effective and safe. So, examining the scientific evidence behind claims made is important. Low‐carbohydrate diets are a broad category of weight‐reducing diets that manipulate and restrict carbohydrates, protein and fat in diets. There are no consistent, widely‐accepted definitions of these diets and different descriptions are used (such as, 'low‐carbohydrate, high‐protein’, 'low‐carbohydrate, high‐fat', or ‘very low‐carbohydrate’). Low‐carbohydrate diets are implemented in different ways, but they restrict grains, cereals and legumes, and other carbohydrate‐containing foods; such as dairy, most fruit and certain vegetables. These foods are then typically replaced with foods higher in fat and protein; such as meats, eggs, cheese, butter, cream, oils. Some low‐carbohydrate diets recommend eating as desired, while others recommend restricting the amount of energy eaten.  Balanced‐carbohydrate diets contain more moderate amounts of carbohydrates, protein and fats, in line with current healthy eating advice from health authorities. When used for weight reduction, balanced diets recommend restricting the amount of energy eaten by guiding people to reduce their portion sizes and choose healthier foods (e.g. lean instead of fatty meat). Low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets are widely promoted, marketed and commercialised as being more effective for weight loss, and healthier, than 'balanced'‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets were better for weight loss and heart disease risk factors than balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets in adults who were overweight or living with obesity. We wanted to find this out for people with and without type 2 diabetes. What did we do?  We searched six electronic databases and trial registries for all trials* that compared low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets with balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets in adults who were overweight or living with obesity. The trials had to last for at least three months. We compared and summarised the results of the trials and rated our confidence in the combined evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes.  *A trial is a type of study in which participants are assigned randomly to two or more treatment groups. This is the best way to ensure similar groups of participants. What did we find? We found 61 trials involving 6925 people who were overweight or living with obesity. The biggest trial was in 419 people and the smallest was in 20 people. All except one of the trials were conducted in high‐income countries worldwide, and nearly half were undertaken in the USA (26). Most trials (36) were undertaken in people who did not have heart disease or risk factors. Most people (5118 people) did not have type 2 diabetes. The average starting weight of people across the trials was 95 kg. Most studies (37) lasted for six months or less; and the longest studies (6) lasted for two years. Main results Low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets probably result in little to no difference in weight loss over the short term (trials lasting 3 to 8.5 months) and long term (trials lasting one to two years) compared to balanced‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets, in people with and without type 2 diabetes. In the short term, the average difference in weight loss was about 1 kg and in the long term, the average difference was less than 1 kg.  People lost weight on both diets in some trials. The amount of weight lost on average varied greatly with both diets across the trials from less than 1 kg in some trials and up to about 12 kg in others in the short term and long term.  Similarly, low‐carbohydrate weight‐reducing diets probably result in little to no difference in diastolic blood pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and LDL cholesterol (‘unhealthy’ cholesterol) for up to two years.  We could not draw any conclusions about unwanted effects reported by participants because very few trials reported these. What are the limitations of the evidence?  We are moderately confident in the evidence. Our confidence was lowered mainly because of concerns about how some the trials were conducted, which included that many trials did not report all their results. Further research may change these results. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up‐to‐date to June 2021.
 Effectiveness of provision of animal‐source foods for supporting optimal growth and development in children 6 to 59 months of age;  Abstract - Background Adequate nutrients early in life promote cognitive development and are critical for proper growth and functioning. The effect of individual nutrients consumed through food is often not the same as consuming the same nutrients in supplementary form due to 'food synergy', the biological and chemical interrelations that occur between nutrients. Animal‐source foods, such as eggs, meat, fish, and dairy, are energy dense and contain multiple micronutrients and essential fatty acids with high bioavailability. The benefits of animal‐source foods may include higher food synergy relative to fortified foods as well as decreasing dependence on external suppliers of fortified foods. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of animal‐source foods compared to any other feeding interventions or no intervention in improving growth and developmental outcomes in children aged 6 to 59 months. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, 18 other databases, and three trials registers up to August 2018. We also contacted authors and known experts in the field for assistance in identifying ongoing or unpublished data, and searched the reference lists of included studies and reviews, and websites of relevant organizations, for other studies that may not have been captured by our electronic searches. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials and quasi‐randomized controlled trials of any duration, where children between 5 months and 59 months (6 years) of age were provided with an animal‐source food (e.g. consumption of milk, meat, or eggs), prepared with any cooking method, compared with any intervention or no intervention. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility using prespecified criteria, extracted data, assessed risk of bias, and graded the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results Study characteristics We included 6 studies that analyzed data from 3036 children aged 5 to 50 months. The studies were conducted in China, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ecuador, Guatemala, Pakistan, the USA, and Zambia, and lasted between 5 and 12 months. Three studies were funded, in part, by government entities; one study was supported by a nonprofit organization. Two studies did not report a funding source. Three studies compared the effects of feeding an animal‐source food with a fortified (iron or iron and zinc), or unfortified cereal; two used a control group with no intervention; one compared a meat‐based diet to a dairy‐based diet. The types of animal‐source foods tested included yogurt, eggs, cheese, lyophilized (freeze‐dried) beef product, ground and frozen pork, puréed and jarred beef with gravy or pork, and powdered whey protein. We judged four studies to be at unclear risk of bias overall; three studies because they were funded by an industry with a plausible interest in the outcome of the intervention; and one study because there was insufficient information to assess five of the seven bias 'Risk of bias' domains. We judged two of the six studies to be at high risk of bias overall; one study because there was significant baseline imbalance in length‐for‐age z scores (LAZ) between groups and evidence of selective reporting; the other study because there there was both a significant baseline imbalance in LAZ and weight‐for‐age z scores (WAZ) between groups, and a large‐scale social media campaign that may have influenced care received at home in the control group. Key results Animal‐source foods versus cereal‐based foods or no intervention Five studies (2972 children) measured change in linear growth with either height‐for‐age z scores (HAZ) or LAZ. Three studies (592 children) reported a significant increase in HAZ and LAZ in the intervention group compared to the control group. Two studies (2380 children) reported a decline in LAZ in both groups. In one study (1062 children) there was no difference between the groups in the rate of decline; in the other (1318 children) the decrease in LAZ was significantly smaller in the intervention group. Five studies (2972 children) measured weight gain using WAZ. Three studies (592 children) reported a significant increase in WAZ in the intervention group compared to the control group. In two studies (2380 children), WAZ decreased in both groups. In one of these studies (1318 children), the decrease in the intervention group was significantly smaller than in the control group. In the other study (1062 children), there was no difference between the groups. Three studies (1612 children) reported impacts on all‐cause morbidity, but metrics were inconsistent between studies. One study with yogurt (402 children) reported a significant reduction in duration and incidence of diarrhea and upper respiratory infections in the intervention group. One study with eggs (148 children) reported a significant increase in the incidence of diarrhea in the intervention group, but this may have been due to cultural associations with eggs and gastrointestional problems. There were no other significant differences in fever, respiratory infections, or skin conditions between groups. The third study (1062 children) found no differences between intervention and control groups across morbidity measures. No studies reported data on anemia. Meat‐based diet versus dairy‐based diet One study (64 children) measured change in LAZ and WAZ in infants fed either a meat‐based diet or dairy‐based diet. There was a significant increase in LAZ among infants consuming the meat‐based diet and a significant decrease in LAZ among infants consuming a dairy‐based diet. WAZ increased in both groups, with no significant difference between groups. The study did not assess all‐cause morbidity or anemia. Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence as very low overall due to baseline imbalances between intervention and control groups, high heterogeneity in meta‐analysis, and imprecision due to wide confidence intervals and inconsistent direction of effects. We have little confidence in the results; further research is likely to change the estimate of magnitude and direction of treatment effect. Authors' conclusions Given the limited quality of the evidence, we are uncertain of the effects of the provision of animal‐source food versus cereal products or no intervention on the growth or development of children. More adequately powered trials with deliberately selected animal‐source foods are needed. Plain language summary Animal‐source foods for growth and development in children 6 to 59 months of age What is the aim of this review? We reviewed the evidence about the effect of animal‐source foods on the growth and development of children between 6 and 59 months of age. What is the rationale for studying this? The nutrition a child receives during the first five years of life is important for his or her growth and development. Animal‐source foods such as meat, fish, eggs, or dairy provide critical nutrients. Compared to foods such as iron‐fortified cereal products, the nutrients in animal‐source foods may be better absorbed by, and used in, the body. What studies were included? We included 6 studies with a total of 3036 children aged between 5 months and 50 months of age at enrollment. The interventions were conducted in China, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ecuador, Guatemala, Pakistan, USA, and Zambia, and lasted between 5 and 12 months. Three studies compared animal‐source foods to a fortified (iron‐fortified or iron and zinc‐fortified) or unfortified cereal product. Two studies compared animal‐source foods to no intervention. One study compared meat to dairy. The types of animal‐source foods provided included beef, pork, eggs, yogurt, cheese, and powdered whey protein. Three studies were funded in part by government entities and in part by an agency with a commercial interest in the results of the studies; we rated these studies as at unclear risk of other bias. One study was supported by a nonprofit organization. Two studies did not report a funding source. What were the main results? Animal‐source foods versus cereal‐based foods or no intervention Five studies (2972 children) reported data on growth (measured as height‐for‐age or length‐for‐age) and weight gain (measured as weight‐for‐age). Three studies (592 children) reported increases in weight‐for‐age as well as height‐for‐age or length‐for‐age in the intervention group, compared to the control group. Of the two remaining studies, one study (1062 children) found both groups decreased in both weight‐for‐age and length‐for‐age, with no differences between the groups. In the other study (1318 children), both groups also decreased for these outcomes, but the decrease was smaller in the intervention group compared to the control group. Three studies (1612 children) reported data on disease. One study with yogurt (402 children) found that children who received yogurt were less likely to experience diarrhea and respiratory infection and recovered faster when they did. One study with eggs (148 children) showed an increase in the incidence of diarrhea in children fed eggs, but this may have been due to cultural associations between eggs and gastrointestional problems. There were no differences in fever, respiratory infections, or skin conditions between the groups. The third study (1062 children) found no differences between the intervention and control groups for any measures of disease. No studies reported data on anemia. Meat‐based diet versus dairy‐based diet One study (64 children) reported data on growth (measured as length‐for age) and weight gain (measured as weight‐for‐age). Infants consuming a meat‐based diet showed a significant increase in length‐for‐age compared to infants consuming a dairy‐based diet who experienced a decrease in length for age. Both groups experienced an increase in weight‐for‐age but there was no difference between them. The study did not measure disease or anemia. Overall results Given the limited and very low‐quality evidence overall, we are uncertain of the effects of giving children animal‐source food versus cereal products or no intervention on children's growth and development. What was the quality of evidence? We rated the quality of the evidence as very low overall. We found some evidence to suggest that animal‐source foods increase growth and weight gain, and other evidence that suggests they do not. The amount of growth and weight gain also varied widely between studies. In addition, we had serious concerns about bias, including the unclear role of industry sponsors. Future findings are very likely to change our confidence in our estimate of the effects of animal‐source foods on growth and weight gain. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched the scientific literature up to August 2018.
 Lifestyle interventions for chronic gout;  Abstract - Background Although lifestyle interventions are commonly recommended in the management of patients with chronic gout, the evidence from trial data for their benefits and safety has not been previously examined in a systematic review. Objectives The objective of this systematic review was to evaluate the benefits and safety of lifestyle interventions for the treatment of people with chronic gout. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE and EMBASE for studies on 5 April 2013. We also searched the 2010 to 2011 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) and European League against Rheumatism (EULAR) abstracts and performed a handsearch of the reference lists of included articles. Selection criteria Studies were included if they were randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials (RCTs or CCTs) which compared lifestyle interventions to another therapy (active or placebo) in patients with chronic gout. Outcomes of interest were changes in gout attack frequency, joint pain, serum urate levels, tophus size, function, quality of life and adverse effects. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied methods recommended by The Cochrane Collaboration for the selection, appraisal, data collection and synthesis of studies. We assessed the quality of the body of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results Only one study (120 participants), at moderate risk of bias, was included in the review. Patients were randomised to one of three interventions: either skim milk powder (SMP) enriched with glycomacropeptide (GMP) and G600, non‐enriched SMP or lactose powder, over a three‐month period. The frequency of acute gout attacks, measured as the number of flares per month, decreased in all three groups over the three‐month study period. Low quality evidence indicated that there was no difference between the SMP/GMP/G600 group and combined control groups (SMP and lactose powder) at three months (mean difference (MD) ‐0.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.76 to 0.34). There were no significant between‐group differences in terms of withdrawals due to adverse effects (risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% CI 0.53 to 3.03), and serious adverse events resulting in hospitalisation (2/40 SMP/GMP/G600 group versus 3/80 controls; RR 1.33, 95% CI 0.23 to 7.66). Gastrointestinal adverse effects were the most commonly reported. Pain from self reported gout flares, measured on a 10‐point Likert scale, improved more in the SMP/GMP/G600 group compared to controls (MD ‐1.03, 95% CI ‐1.96 to ‐0.10), an absolute difference of 10% (absolute risk difference ‐0.10, 95% CI ‐0.20 to ‐0.01). This is unlikely to be of clinical significance. There was no significant difference in physical function between SMP/GMP/G600 and the control groups at three‐month followup (MD ‐0.03, 95% CI ‐0.14 to 0.08). Tophus regression and serum urate normalisation were not reported in this study. Authors' conclusions While there is good evidence from observational studies of an association between various lifestyle risk factors and gout development, there is a paucity of high‐quality evidence from randomised controlled trials to either support or refute the use of lifestyle modifications for improving outcomes in people with chronic gout. Plain language summary Lifestyle interventions for chronic gout This summary of a Cochrane review presents what we know from research about the effect of lifestyle modifications in the treatment of people with chronic gout. There was one study included in this review which looked at the benefits and safety of consuming skim milk powder (SMP) enriched with two components of dairy products (glycomacropeptide (GMP) and G600 milk fat extract) compared to standard skim milk or lactose powder in reducing the frequency of gout attacks over a three‐month period. The review shows that, in people with chronic gout : Compared with standard skim milk or lactose powder, SMP enriched with GMP and G600 may not reduce the frequency of gout attacks, may not improve physical function, but may reduce pain. We do not know if consuming these dairy preparations improves tophus size (tophi are gout crystal deposits commonly found in skin, on the surface of joints or in cartilage) or blood uric acid levels, as these were not reported. We do not have precise information about side effects and complications. Possible side effects may include nausea or diarrhoea. What is gout and what are lifestyle interventions? Gout is a very common form of painful joint inflammation (arthritis) caused by urate crystals forming either within or around joints. The inflammation can lead to pain, redness and swelling of affected joints, making the area difficult to touch or move. Some of the reasons why people get gout include their genetic makeup, being overweight, ingesting certain medications (e.g. diuretics), having impaired kidney function and lifestyle habits such as drinking excessive amounts of alcohol and sugar‐sweetened drinks. Although medications are the mainstay of gout treatment, given the recognised association between certain lifestyle risk factors and gout development, lifestyle changes such as losing weight, stopping smoking, exercising more, drinking more coffee and dairy products, and consuming less sugar‐sweetened drinks, alcoholic beverages, meat and seafood are commonly recommended to people with chronic gout. Best estimate of what happens to people with gout who consume enriched skim milk powder: Gout attacks People who consumed enriched skim milk powder had 0.21 fewer gout attacks per month at 3 months (or 2.5 fewer gout attacks per year) . ‐ People who consumed enriched skim milk powder had 0.49 gout attacks per month (or 6 gout attacks per year). ‐ People who consumed standard skim milk powder or lactose had 0.70 gout attacks per month (or 8 gout attacks per year). Withdrawals due to adverse events 4 more people out of 100 who consumed enriched skim milk powder discontinued the supplement at 3 months (4% more withdrawals absolute change, from 10% fewer to 18% more). ‐ 18 out of 100 stopped consuming enriched skim milk powder. ‐ 14 out of 100 stopped consuming standard skim milk powder or lactose. Pain (lower score means less pain) People who consumed enriched skim milk powder rated their pain 1 point lower on a 0 to 10 point pain scale (10% absolute improvement; 20% to 1% improvement) at 3 months. ‐ People who consumed enriched skim milk powder rated their pain to be 0.67 points on a scale of 0 to 10. ‐ People who consumed standard skim milk powder or lactose rated their pain to be 1.7 points on a scale of 0 to 10. Physical function (lower score means better function) People who consumed enriched skim milk powder rated their function 0.03 better (0.14 better to 0.08 worse) on a 0 to 3 point scale (1% absolute improvement; 5% improvement to 3% worse) at 3 months. ‐ People who consumed enriched skim milk powder rated their function to be 0.08 points on a scale of 0 to 3. ‐ People who consumed standard skim milk powder or lactose rated their function to be 0.11 points on a scale of 0 to 3. Serious adverse events 1 more person out of 100 who consumed enriched skim milk powder reported a serious adverse event. ‐ 5 out of 100 who consumed enriched skim milk powder had a serious adverse event. ‐ 4 out of 100 who consumed standard skim milk powder or lactose had a serious adverse event.
 Mediterranean‐style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease;  Abstract - Background The Seven Countries study in the 1960s showed that populations in the Mediterranean region experienced lower coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality probably as a result of different dietary patterns. Later observational studies have confirmed the benefits of adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors but clinical trial evidence is more limited. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of a Mediterranean‐style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2018, Issue 9); MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to 25 September 2018); Embase (Ovid, 1980 to 2018 week 39); Web of Science Core Collection (Thomson Reuters, 1900 to 26 September 2018); DARE Issue 2 of 4, 2015 ( Cochrane Library ); HTA Issue 4 of 4, 2016 ( Cochrane Library ); NHS EED Issue 2 of 4, 2015 ( Cochrane Library ). We searched trial registers and applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD (primary prevention) and those with established CVD (secondary prevention). Both of the following key components were required to reach our definition of a Mediterranean‐style diet: high monounsaturated/saturated fat ratio (use of olive oil as main cooking ingredient and/or consumption of other traditional foods high in monounsaturated fats such as tree nuts) and a high intake of plant‐based foods, including fruits, vegetables and legumes. Additional components included: low to moderate red wine consumption; high consumption of whole grains and cereals; low consumption of meat and meat products and increased consumption of fish; moderate consumption of milk and dairy products. The intervention could be dietary advice, provision of relevant foods, or both. The comparison group received either no intervention, minimal intervention, usual care or another dietary intervention. Outcomes included clinical events and CVD risk factors. We included only studies with follow‐up periods of three months or more defined as the intervention period plus post intervention follow‐up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We conducted four main comparisons: 1. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus no intervention or minimal intervention for primary prevention; 2. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for primary prevention; 3. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus usual care for secondary prevention; 4. Mediterranean dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for secondary prevention. Main results In this substantive review update, 30 RCTs (49 papers) (12,461 participants randomised) and seven ongoing trials met our inclusion criteria. The majority of trials contributed to primary prevention: comparisons 1 (nine trials) and 2 (13 trials). Secondary prevention trials were included for comparison 3 (two trials) and comparison 4 (four trials plus an additional two trials that were excluded from the main analyses due to published concerns regarding the reliability of the data). Two trials reported on adverse events where these were absent or minor (low‐ to moderate‐quality evidence). No trials reported on costs or health‐related quality of life. Primary prevention The included studies for comparison 1 did not report on clinical endpoints (CVD mortality, total mortality or non‐fatal endpoints such as myocardial infarction or stroke). The PREDIMED trial (included in comparison 2) was retracted and re‐analysed following concerns regarding randomisation at two of 11 sites. Low‐quality evidence shows little or no effect of the PREDIMED (7747 randomised) intervention (advice to follow a Mediterranean diet plus supplemental extra‐virgin olive oil or tree nuts) compared to a low‐fat diet on CVD mortality (hazard ratio (HR) 0.81, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 1.32) or total mortality (HR 1.0, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.24) over 4.8 years. There was, however, a reduction in the number of strokes with the PREDIMED intervention (HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.80), a decrease from 24/1000 to 14/1000 (95% CI 11 to 19), moderate‐quality evidence). For CVD risk factors for comparison 1 there was low‐quality evidence for a possible small reduction in total cholesterol (‐0.16 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.32 to 0.00) and moderate‐quality evidence for a reduction in systolic (‐2.99 mmHg (95% CI ‐3.45 to ‐2.53) and diastolic blood pressure (‐2.0 mmHg, 95% CI ‐2.29 to ‐1.71), with low or very low‐quality evidence of little or no effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. For comparison 2 there was moderate‐quality evidence of a possible small reduction in LDL cholesterol (‐0.15 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.27 to ‐0.02) and triglycerides (‐0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.16 to ‐0.01) with moderate or low‐quality evidence of little or no effect on total or HDL cholesterol or blood pressure. Secondary prevention For secondary prevention, the Lyon Diet Heart Study (comparison 3) examined the effect of advice to follow a Mediterranean diet and supplemental canola margarine compared to usual care in 605 CHD patients over 46 months and there was low‐quality evidence of a reduction in adjusted estimates for CVD mortality (HR 0.35, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.82) and total mortality (HR 0.44, 95% CI 0.21 to 0.92) with the intervention. Only one small trial (101 participants) provided unadjusted estimates for composite clinical endpoints for comparison 4 (very low‐quality evidence of uncertain effect). For comparison 3 there was low‐quality evidence of little or no effect of a Mediterranean‐style diet on lipid levels and very low‐quality evidence for blood pressure. Similarly, for comparison 4 where only two trials contributed to the analyses there was low or very low‐quality evidence of little or no effect of the intervention on lipid levels or blood pressure. Authors' conclusions Despite the relatively large number of studies included in this review, there is still some uncertainty regarding the effects of a Mediterranean‐style diet on clinical endpoints and CVD risk factors for both primary and secondary prevention. The quality of evidence for the modest benefits on CVD risk factors in primary prevention is low or moderate, with a small number of studies reporting minimal harms. There is a paucity of evidence for secondary prevention. The ongoing studies may provide more certainty in the future. Plain language summary Mediterranean‐style diet for the prevention of cardiovascular disease It is well established that diet plays a major role in cardiovascular disease risk. The traditional Mediterranean dietary pattern is of particular interest because of observations from the 1960s that populations in countries of the Mediterranean region, such as Greece and Italy, had lower mortality from cardiovascular disease compared with northern European populations or the US, probably as a result of different eating habits. This review assessed the effects of providing dietary advice to follow a Mediterranean‐style diet or provision of foods relevant to the diet (or both) to healthy adults, people at increased risk of cardiovascular disease and those with cardiovascular disease, in order to prevent the occurrence or recurrence of cardiovascular disease and reduce the risk factors associated with it. Definitions of a Mediterranean dietary pattern vary and we included only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions that reported both of the following key components: a high monounsaturated/saturated fat ratio (use of olive oil as main cooking ingredient and/or consumption of other traditional foods high in monounsaturated fats such as tree nuts) and a high intake of plant‐based foods, including fruits, vegetables and legumes. Additional components included: low to moderate red wine consumption; high consumption of whole grains and cereals; low consumption of meat and meat products and increased consumption of fish; moderate consumption of milk and dairy products. The control group was no intervention or minimal intervention, usual care or another dietary intervention. We found 30 RCTs (49 papers) that met these criteria. The trials varied enormously in the participants recruited and the different dietary interventions. We grouped studies to look at the effects of following a Mediterranean‐style diet into the following four categories to help us with our interpretation of the results: 1. Mediterranean dietary intervention compared to no intervention or a minimal intervention to prevent the onset of cardiovascular disease; 2. Mediterranean dietary intervention compared to another dietary intervention to prevent the onset of cardiovascular disease; 3. Mediterranean dietary intervention compared to usual care for people with cardiovascular disease to prevent recurrence; 4. Mediterranean dietary intervention compared to another dietary intervention for people with cardiovascular disease to prevent recurrence. Few trials reported on the occurrence of cardiovascular disease either in those with or without disease to begin with. A large trial in people at high risk of cardiovascular disease found a benefit of the Mediterranean dietary intervention compared to a low‐fat diet on the risk of having a stroke, but not on heart attacks, death from heart disease or other causes. A further study in people with cardiovascular disease found a benefit of the Mediterranean dietary intervention on death from heart disease or other causes. We rated these two studies as providing low to moderate‐quality evidence. We had to exclude two studies from our analyses as concerns had been raised that the data were unreliable. The other trials in the review measured risk factors for cardiovascular disease. There was low to moderate‐quality evidence for some beneficial changes in lipid levels and blood pressure with a Mediterranean‐style diet in people without disease. In people with cardiovascular disease already there was very low to low‐quality evidence that there was no effect of a Mediterranean‐style diet on risk factors. Two trials reported side effects of the diet that were either absent or minor. The review concludes that, despite the large number of included trials, there is still uncertainty regarding the effects of a Mediterranean‐style diet on cardiovascular disease occurrence and risk factors in people both with and without cardiovascular disease already. We did find seven studies that are still ongoing and when we have the results from these we will incorporate them into the review to help reduce the uncertainty.
 Omega‐6 fats for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease;  Abstract - Background Omega‐6 fats are polyunsaturated fats vital for many physiological functions, but their effect on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is debated. Objectives To assess effects of increasing omega‐6 fats (linoleic acid (LA), gamma‐linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo‐gamma‐linolenic acid (DGLA) and arachidonic acid (AA)) on CVD and all‐cause mortality. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase to May 2017 and clinicaltrials.gov and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform to September 2016, without language restrictions. We checked trials included in relevant systematic reviews. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing higher versus lower omega‐6 fat intake in adults with or without CVD, assessing effects over at least 12 months. We included full texts, abstracts, trials registry entries and unpublished studies. Outcomes were all‐cause mortality, CVD mortality, CVD events, risk factors (blood lipids, adiposity, blood pressure), and potential adverse events. We excluded trials where we could not separate omega‐6 fat effects from those of other dietary, lifestyle or medication interventions. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened titles/abstracts, assessed trials for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias of included trials. We wrote to authors of included studies. Meta‐analyses used random‐effects analysis, while sensitivity analyses used fixed‐effects and limited analyses to trials at low summary risk of bias. We assessed GRADE quality of evidence for 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results We included 19 RCTs in 6461 participants who were followed for one to eight years. Seven trials assessed the effects of supplemental GLA and 12 of LA, none DGLA or AA; the omega‐6 fats usually displaced dietary saturated or monounsaturated fats. We assessed three RCTs as being at low summary risk of bias. Primary outcomes : we found low‐quality evidence that increased intake of omega‐6 fats may make  little or no difference to all‐cause mortality  (risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.88 to 1.12, 740 deaths, 4506 randomised, 10 trials) or  CVD events  (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.15, 1404 people experienced events of 4962 randomised, 7 trials). We are  uncertain whether increasing omega‐6 fats affects CVD mortality  (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.55, 472 deaths, 4019 randomised, 7 trials),  coronary heart disease events  (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.17, 1059 people with events of 3997 randomised, 7 trials),  major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events  (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.20, 817 events, 2879 participants, 2 trials) or  stroke  (RR 1.36, 95% CI 0.45 to 4.11, 54 events, 3730 participants, 4 trials), as we assessed the evidence as being of very low quality. We found  no evidence of dose‐response or duration effects  for any primary outcome, but there was a suggestion of greater protection in participants with lower baseline omega‐6 intake across outcomes. Additional key outcomes : we found increased intake of omega‐6 fats  may reduce myocardial infarction  (MI) risk (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.02, 609 events, 4606 participants, 7 trials, low‐quality evidence). High‐quality evidence suggests increasing omega‐6 fats  reduces total serum cholesterol  a little in the long term (mean difference (MD) −0.33 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.50 to −0.16, I 2  = 81%; heterogeneity partially explained by dose, 4280 participants, 10 trials). Increasing omega‐6 fats  probably has little or no effect on adiposity  (body mass index (BMI) MD −0.20 kg/m 2 , 95% CI −0.56 to 0.16, 371 participants, 1 trial, moderate‐quality evidence). It may make  little or no difference to serum triglycerides  (MD −0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.23 to 0.21, 834 participants, 5 trials),  HDL  (MD −0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.03 to 0.02, 1995 participants, 4 trials) or  low‐density lipoprotein  (MD −0.04 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.21 to 0.14, 244 participants, 2 trials, low‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions This is the most extensive systematic assessment of effects of omega‐6 fats on cardiovascular health, mortality, lipids and adiposity to date, using previously unpublished data. We found no evidence that increasing omega‐6 fats reduces cardiovascular outcomes other than MI, where 53 people may need to increase omega‐6 fat intake to prevent 1 person from experiencing MI. Although benefits of omega‐6 fats remain to be proven, increasing omega‐6 fats may be of benefit in people at high risk of MI. Increased omega‐6 fats reduce serum total cholesterol but not other blood fat fractions or adiposity. Plain language summary Omega‐6 fats to prevent and treat heart and circulatory diseases Review question We reviewed randomised trials (participants had an equal chance to be assigned to either treatment) examining effects of higher omega‐6 fats compared to lower omega‐6 fats on deaths and heart and circulatory diseases (cardiovascular diseases (CVD), which include heart attacks and strokes). Background Omega‐6 fats are essential, we must obtain some from food. They are important for regulating energy production (part of metabolism), bone, skin and hair health. Many foods contain omega‐6 fats, particularly vegetable oils and nuts. Omega‐6 fats include linoleic acid (LA), gamma‐linolenic acid (GLA), dihomo‐gamma‐linolenic acid (DGLA) and arachidonic acid (AA). Some evidence suggests that a higher intake of omega‐6 fats, along with a lower intake of saturated fat (from animal sources such as meat and cheese) can reduce coronary heart disease. In contrast, there is concern that high levels of omega‐6 fats may worsen cardiovascular risk by increasing inflammation. Overall, there is no conclusive evidence on the benefits or harms of omega‐6 fat intake on heart and circulatory diseases or on other health outcomes. Study characteristics Evidence in this review is current to May 2017. We found 19 studies recruiting 6461 adults. These studies assessed the effects of higher compared to lower omega‐6 fat intake on heart and circulatory diseases as well as deaths. We found that three trials were highly trustworthy (with good designs that produce reliable evidence). Studies took place in North America, Asia, Europe and Australia, and eight were funded only by national or charitable agencies. Participants increased their omega‐6 fats or maintained their usual fats for at least one year and up to eight years. Key results We found that increasing omega‐6 fats may make little or no difference to deaths or cardiovascular events but may reduce risk of heart attacks (low‐quality evidence). Evidence was weakened by study design problems, small numbers of events, low numbers of participants from developing countries, and few women. Evidence suggests that increasing omega‐6 fats reduces blood cholesterol (high‐quality evidence), probably has little or no effect on body weight adjusted for height (all moderate‐quality evidence), and may make little or no difference to triglycerides, high‐density lipoprotein (HDL, the 'good' cholesterol) or low‐density lipoprotein (LDL, the 'bad' cholesterol, low‐quality evidence).
 Interventions to prevent obesity in children aged 12 to 18 years old;  Abstract - Background Prevention of obesity in adolescents is an international public health priority. The prevalence of overweight and obesity is over 25% in North and South America, Australia, most of Europe, and the Gulf region. Interventions that aim to prevent obesity involve strategies that promote healthy diets or ‘activity’ levels (physical activity, sedentary behaviour and/or sleep) or both, and work by reducing energy intake and/or increasing energy expenditure, respectively. There is uncertainty over which approaches are more effective, and numerous new studies have been published over the last five years since the previous version of this Cochrane Review. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions that aim to prevent obesity in adolescents by modifying dietary intake or ‘activity’ levels, or a combination of both, on changes in BMI, zBMI score and serious adverse events. Search methods We used standard, extensive Cochrane search methods. The latest search date was February 2023. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in adolescents (mean age 12 years and above but less than 19 years), comparing diet or 'activity' interventions (or both) to prevent obesity with no intervention, usual care, or with another eligible intervention, in any setting. Studies had to measure outcomes at a minimum of 12 weeks post baseline. We excluded interventions designed primarily to improve sporting performance. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our outcomes were BMI, zBMI score and serious adverse events, assessed at short‐ (12 weeks to < 9 months from baseline), medium‐ (9 months to < 15 months) and long‐term (≥ 15 months) follow‐up. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results This review includes 74 studies (83,407 participants); 54 studies (46,358 participants) were included in meta‐analyses. Sixty studies were based in high‐income countries. The main setting for intervention delivery was schools (57 studies), followed by home (nine studies), the community (five studies) and a primary care setting (three studies). Fifty‐one interventions were implemented for less than nine months; the shortest was conducted over one visit and the longest over 28 months. Sixty‐two studies declared non‐industry funding; five were funded in part by industry. Dietary interventions versus control The evidence is very uncertain about the effects of dietary interventions on body mass index (BMI) at short‐term follow‐up (mean difference (MD) ‐0.18, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.41 to 0.06; 3 studies, 605 participants), medium‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.65, 95% CI ‐1.18 to ‐0.11; 3 studies, 900 participants), and standardised BMI (zBMI) at long‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.14, 95% CI ‐0.38 to 0.10; 2 studies, 1089 participants); all very low‐certainty evidence. Compared with control, dietary interventions may have little to no effect on BMI at long‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.30, 95% CI ‐1.67 to 1.07; 1 study, 44 participants); zBMI at short‐term (MD ‐0.06, 95% CI ‐0.12 to 0.01; 5 studies, 3154 participants); and zBMI at medium‐term (MD 0.02, 95% CI ‐0.17 to 0.21; 1 study, 112 participants) follow‐up; all low‐certainty evidence. Dietary interventions may have little to no effect on serious adverse events (two studies, 377 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Activity interventions versus control Compared with control, activity interventions do not reduce BMI at short‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.64, 95% CI ‐1.86 to 0.58; 6 studies, 1780 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and probably do not reduce zBMI at medium‐ (MD 0, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.05; 6 studies, 5335 participants) or long‐term (MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.12 to 0.02; 1 study, 985 participants) follow‐up; both moderate‐certainty evidence. Activity interventions do not reduce zBMI at short‐term follow‐up (MD 0.02, 95% CI ‐0.01 to 0.05; 7 studies, 4718 participants; high‐certainty evidence), but may reduce BMI slightly at medium‐term (MD ‐0.32, 95% CI ‐0.53 to ‐0.11; 3 studies, 2143 participants) and long‐term (MD ‐0.28, 95% CI ‐0.51 to ‐0.05; 1 study, 985 participants) follow‐up; both low‐certainty evidence. Seven studies (5428 participants; low‐certainty evidence) reported data on serious adverse events: two reported injuries relating to the exercise component of the intervention and five reported no effect of intervention on reported serious adverse events. Dietary and activity interventions versus control Dietary and activity interventions, compared with control, do not reduce BMI at short‐term follow‐up (MD 0.03, 95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.13; 11 studies, 3429 participants; high‐certainty evidence), and probably do not reduce BMI at medium‐term (MD 0.01, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.11; 8 studies, 5612 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) or long‐term (MD 0.06, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.16; 6 studies, 8736 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) follow‐up. They may have little to no effect on zBMI in the short term, but the evidence is very uncertain (MD ‐0.09, 95% CI ‐0.2 to 0.02; 3 studies, 515 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), and they may not reduce zBMI at medium‐term (MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.1 to 0.01; 6 studies, 3511 participants; low‐certainty evidence) or long‐term (MD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.05 to 0.01; 7 studies, 8430 participants; low‐certainty evidence) follow‐up. Four studies (2394 participants) reported data on serious adverse events (very low‐certainty evidence): one reported an increase in weight concern in a few adolescents and three reported no effect. Authors' conclusions The evidence demonstrates that dietary interventions may have little to no effect on obesity in adolescents. There is low‐certainty evidence that activity interventions may have a small beneficial effect on BMI at medium‐ and long‐term follow‐up. Diet plus activity interventions may result in little to no difference. Importantly, this updated review also suggests that interventions to prevent obesity in this age group may result in little to no difference in serious adverse effects. Limitations of the evidence include inconsistent results across studies, lack of methodological rigour in some studies and small sample sizes. Further research is justified to investigate the effects of diet and activity interventions to prevent childhood obesity in community settings, and in young people with disabilities, since very few ongoing studies are likely to address these. Further randomised trials to address the remaining uncertainty about the effects of diet, activity interventions, or both, to prevent childhood obesity in schools (ideally with zBMI as the measured outcome) would need to have larger samples. Plain language summary Do dietary and activity strategies help prevent obesity in children and young people aged 12 to 18 years? Key messages ‐ Strategies to encourage adolescents to change their diet or activity levels (or both), to prevent them becoming overweight or developing obesity make no or very little difference to their body mass index (BMI; an estimate of the amount of body fat according to height and weight). ‐ Based on the very little information available about serious adverse events, there appears to be little or no effect of dietary or activity strategies, or both, to results in serious harms (e.g. injuries). ‐ Due to a lack of evidence, future research should focus on community settings (e.g. in youth clubs) and research involving adolescents with disabilities. Why is preventing obesity in children and young people important? More adolescents are developing overweight and obesity worldwide. Being overweight as an adolescent can cause health problems, and people may be affected psychologically and in their social life. Puberty and moving into adulthood is a challenging time, and many struggle with their mental health. Overweight adolescents are likely to be overweight or obese as adults and continue to experience poor physical and mental health. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if strategies to help adolescents modify their diet or activity (or both) were effective at preventing obesity. We also wanted to know if these strategies were associated with any serious harms. What did we do? We searched scientific databases for studies that looked at ways of preventing obesity in children aged 12 to 18 years. We excluded studies aimed at adolescents who were already overweight or living with obesity. However, we included studies where the sample was a whole group (e.g. a school), which may have included those living with overweight or obesity. We only included studies if the methods they used aimed to change the children's diet, their level of activity (i.e. increasing physical activity or reducing inactive time), or both. We looked only for studies that randomly placed children into groups receiving different strategies (which may include changing nothing). We assessed the rigour of the studies to get a sense of how confident we were in their results. We grouped studies together for analysis depending on whether they aimed to improve diet, activity, or both. What did we find? We found 74 studies involving 83,407 children and young people. Sixty studies were based in high‐income countries (e.g. USA and in Europe). In 57 studies, the strategies were tried in schools, although 12 were based at home or other places like community settings (five studies) such as youth groups. Fifty‐one strategies were implemented for fewer than nine months; the shortest intervention lasted one visit and the longest over 28 months. Sixty‐two studies declared non‐industry funding; five studies were partly funded by industry (food suppliers, a PlayStation manufacturer, a gym equipment supplier, a healthcare device manufacturer and a private healthcare facility). Our analyses included results from 54 studies of 46,358 adolescents (20 studies did not report their results in a way that could be included in our analyses). We found that adolescents who were helped with a strategy to change their diet or activity levels (or both) either did not reduce their BMI, or any reduction was meagre, compared to adolescents who were not given a strategy. Only a few studies reported any possible harms of the interventions, and none identified serious harms. What are the limitations of the evidence? Overall, we have limited confidence in the beneficial effects of these interventions in preventing obesity in children and adolescents. It is difficult to be confident that funding more studies, at least more school‐based studies, would produce a much higher level of confidence in the results. Four main factors reduced our confidence in the evidence. 1. Results were very inconsistent across the different studies. 2. Many studies had limitations in how they were done (e.g. in some studies, the methods used to randomly place people into groups were not adequate or the results of some of the studies were not analysed correctly). 3. There were not enough studies reporting particular types of outcomes, such as BMI (an estimate of the amount of body fat according to height and weight) or zBMI (comparison of a child’s BMI with other children of the same age and sex) for a particular duration of follow‐up to be certain about the results for some comparisons. Also, certain settings (e.g. community settings) were under‐represented. 4. Results from some studies were not reported in a way that we could include them in our analyses (e.g. without any detail of the difference in change between the intervention and control groups) and this may have an impact on the results of our analyses. This review does not provide sufficient information to be able to assess how well strategies work for adolescents with disabilities, or whether those implemented in community settings are effective. How up to date is this evidence? This review supersedes our previous review. The evidence is up‐to‐date until February 2023.
 Interventions to prevent obesity in children aged 5 to 11 years old;  Abstract - Background Prevention of obesity in children is an international public health priority given the prevalence of the condition (and its significant impact on health, development and well‐being). Interventions that aim to prevent obesity involve behavioural change strategies that promote healthy eating or 'activity' levels (physical activity, sedentary behaviour and/or sleep) or both, and work by reducing energy intake and/or increasing energy expenditure, respectively. There is uncertainty over which approaches are more effective and numerous new studies have been published over the last five years, since the previous version of this Cochrane review. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions that aim to prevent obesity in children by modifying dietary intake or ‘activity’ levels, or a combination of both, on changes in BMI, zBMI score and serious adverse events. Search methods We used standard, extensive Cochrane search methods. The latest search date was February 2023. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in children (mean age 5 years and above but less than 12 years), comparing diet or 'activity' interventions (or both) to prevent obesity with no intervention, usual care, or with another eligible intervention, in any setting. Studies had to measure outcomes at a minimum of 12 weeks post baseline. We excluded interventions designed primarily to improve sporting performance. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our outcomes were body mass index (BMI), zBMI score and serious adverse events, assessed at short‐ (12 weeks to < 9 months from baseline), medium‐ (9 months to < 15 months) and long‐term (≥ 15 months) follow‐up. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results This review includes 172 studies (189,707 participants); 149 studies (160,267 participants) were included in meta‐analyses. One hundred forty‐six studies were based in high‐income countries. The main setting for intervention delivery was schools (111 studies), followed by the community (15 studies), the home (eight studies) and a clinical setting (seven studies); one intervention was conducted by telehealth and 31 studies were conducted in more than one setting. Eighty‐six interventions were implemented for less than nine months; the shortest was conducted over one visit and the longest over four years. Non‐industry funding was declared by 132 studies; 24 studies were funded in part or wholly by industry. Dietary interventions versus control Dietary interventions, compared with control, may have little to no effect on BMI at short‐term follow‐up (mean difference (MD) 0, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.10 to 0.10; 5 studies, 2107 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and at medium‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.15 to 0.12; 9 studies, 6815 participants; low‐certainty evidence) or zBMI at long‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.10 to 0.01; 7 studies, 5285 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Dietary interventions, compared with control, probably have little to no effect on BMI at long‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.17, 95% CI ‐0.48 to 0.13; 2 studies, 945 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and zBMI at short‐ or medium‐term follow‐up (MD ‐0.06, 95% CI ‐0.13 to 0.01; 8 studies, 3695 participants; MD ‐0.04, 95% CI ‐0.10 to 0.02; 9 studies, 7048 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Five studies (1913 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) reported data on serious adverse events: one reported serious adverse events (e.g. allergy, behavioural problems and abdominal discomfort) that may have occurred as a result of the intervention; four reported no effect. Activity interventions versus control Activity interventions, compared with control, may have little to no effect on BMI and zBMI at short‐term or long‐term follow‐up (BMI short‐term: MD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.17 to 0.13; 14 studies, 4069 participants; zBMI short‐term: MD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.02; 6 studies, 3580 participants; low‐certainty evidence; BMI long‐term: MD ‐0.07, 95% CI ‐0.24 to 0.10; 8 studies, 8302 participants; zBMI long‐term: MD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.04; 6 studies, 6940 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Activity interventions likely result in a slight reduction of BMI and zBMI at medium‐term follow‐up (BMI: MD ‐0.11, 95% CI ‐0.18 to ‐0.05; 16 studies, 21,286 participants; zBMI: MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.09 to ‐0.02; 13 studies, 20,600 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Eleven studies (21,278 participants; low‐certainty evidence) reported data on serious adverse events; one study reported two minor ankle sprains and one study reported the incident rate of adverse events (e.g. musculoskeletal injuries) that may have occurred as a result of the intervention; nine studies reported no effect. Dietary and activity interventions versus control Dietary and activity interventions, compared with control, may result in a slight reduction in BMI and zBMI at short‐term follow‐up (BMI: MD ‐0.11, 95% CI ‐0.21 to ‐0.01; 27 studies, 16,066 participants; zBMI: MD ‐0.03, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.00; 26 studies, 12,784 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and likely result in a reduction of BMI and zBMI at medium‐term follow‐up (BMI: MD ‐0.11, 95% CI ‐0.21 to 0.00; 21 studies, 17,547 participants; zBMI: MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.07 to ‐0.02; 24 studies, 20,998 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Dietary and activity interventions compared with control may result in little to no difference in BMI and zBMI at long‐term follow‐up (BMI: MD 0.03, 95% CI ‐0.11 to 0.16; 16 studies, 22,098 participants; zBMI: MD ‐0.02, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.01; 22 studies, 23,594 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Nineteen studies (27,882 participants; low‐certainty evidence) reported data on serious adverse events: four studies reported occurrence of serious adverse events (e.g. injuries, low levels of extreme dieting behaviour); 15 studies reported no effect. Heterogeneity was apparent in the results for all outcomes at the three follow‐up times, which could not be explained by the main setting of the interventions (school, home, school and home, other), country income status (high‐income versus non‐high‐income), participants' socioeconomic status (low versus mixed) and duration of the intervention. Most studies excluded children with a mental or physical disability. Authors' conclusions The body of evidence in this review demonstrates that a range of school‐based 'activity' interventions, alone or in combination with dietary interventions, may have a modest beneficial effect on obesity in childhood at short‐ and medium‐term, but not at long‐term follow‐up. Dietary interventions alone may result in little to no difference. Limited evidence of low quality was identified on the effect of dietary and/or activity interventions on severe adverse events and health inequalities; exploratory analyses of these data suggest no meaningful impact. We identified a dearth of evidence for home and community‐based settings (e.g. delivered through local youth groups), for children living with disabilities and indicators of health inequities. Plain language summary Do dietary and activity strategies help prevent obesity in children aged 5 to 11 years? Key messages ‐ Strategies for changing activity levels, or both activity levels and diet, of children to help prevent them developing overweight or obesity might be effective in making small reductions in body mass index (BMI) in children aged 5 to 11 years. ‐ There is very little information about whether the strategies resulted in serious adverse events (e.g. injuries), but from what we found there appears to be little or no effect. ‐ This change in BMI, when provided to many children across a whole population, is useful for parents concerned about their children becoming overweight as they move into adulthood and for governments in trying to tackle the problems of obesity through the life course. Why is preventing obesity in children important? More children are developing overweight and obesity worldwide. Being overweight as a child can cause health problems, and people may be affected psychologically and in their social life. Children that are overweight are likely to be overweight as adults and continue to experience poor physical and mental health. Indeed, childhood obesity is associated with type 2 diabetes and heart disease in adulthood and middle‐age mortality. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if strategies to help people modify their diet or activity (or both) are effective at preventing obesity in children aged 5 to 11 years. We also wanted to find out if these strategies were associated with any serious adverse events. What did we do? We searched many scientific databases to find studies that looked at ways of preventing obesity in children. We included studies aimed at children aged 5 to 11 years. We did not include studies only aimed at children who were already overweight or were already living with obesity. However, we included studies in which children who were overweight or living with obesity were included in the analysis. We only included studies if the methods they used were aimed at changing children's diet, or their level of activity (i.e. increasing physical activity or reducing inactive time), or both. We looked only for studies that randomly placed people into groups receiving different strategies (which may include changing nothing). We assessed the rigour of the studies to get a sense of how confident we were in their results. We grouped studies together for analysis depending on whether they aimed to improve diet, activity, or both. What did we find? We found 172 studies that involved 189,707 children. One hundred forty‐six studies were based in high‐income countries (e.g. the USA and in Europe). In 111 studies, the strategies were tried in schools, though 15 were based in the community, eight in the home and seven in clinical settings; one intervention was conducted by telehealth and 31 studies were conducted in more than one setting. Eighty‐six strategies were implemented for less than nine months, with the shortest being conducted over one visit and the longest over four years. Non‐industry funding was declared by 132 studies; 24 studies were funded in part or wholly by industry (e.g. food suppliers, pharmaceutical industry and private healthcare services). Our statistical analyses included results from 149 studies of 160,267 children. We found that children who were helped with a strategy to change their activity levels alone or in combination with a strategy to change their diet may have their BMI reduced, compared with children who were not given any strategy. This means that these children may have been able to minimise their excess weight gain by a small amount which, for public health, is important. In contrast, children who were helped with a strategy to change their diet only did not have their BMI reduced. Only a few studies reported any possible harms of the strategies, and no serious harms were identified in these. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence is moderate to very low. However, it is difficult to be confident that funding more studies, at least more school‐based studies, would produce a much higher level of confidence in the results. Four main factors reduced our confidence in the evidence. 1. Results were very inconsistent across the different studies. 2. A lot of the studies had limitations in how they were done. 3. There were not enough studies reporting particular types of outcomes for a particular duration of follow‐up to be certain about the results for some comparisons, and also certain settings (e.g. community settings) were under‐represented. 4. Results from some studies were not reported in a way such that we could include them in our analyses (e.g. without any detail of the difference between the strategies examined) and this may have an impact on the results of our analyses. This review does not provide sufficient information to be able to assess how well strategies work for children with disabilities, or whether those implemented in community settings are effective. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This review updates our previous review. The evidence is up‐to‐date to February 2023.
 Dietary interventions for adults with chronic kidney disease;  Abstract - Background Dietary changes are routinely recommended in people with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on the basis of randomised evidence in the general population and non‐randomised studies in CKD that suggest certain healthy eating patterns may prevent cardiovascular events and lower mortality. People who have kidney disease have prioritised dietary modifications as an important treatment uncertainty. Objectives This review evaluated the benefits and harms of dietary interventions among adults with CKD including people with end‐stage kidney disease (ESKD) treated with dialysis or kidney transplantation. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Specialised Register (up to 31 January 2017) through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Studies contained in the Specialised Register are identified through search strategies specifically designed for CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE; handsearching conference proceedings; and searching the International Clinical Trials Register (ICTRP) Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐randomised RCTs of dietary interventions versus other dietary interventions, lifestyle advice, or standard care assessing mortality, cardiovascular events, health‐related quality of life, and biochemical, anthropomorphic, and nutritional outcomes among people with CKD. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened studies for inclusion and extracted data. Results were summarised as risk ratios (RR) for dichotomous outcomes or mean differences (MD) or standardised MD (SMD) for continuous outcomes, with 95% confidence intervals (CI) or in descriptive format when meta‐analysis was not possible. Confidence in the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Main results We included 17 studies involving 1639 people with CKD. Three studies enrolled 341 people treated with dialysis, four studies enrolled 168 kidney transplant recipients, and 10 studies enrolled 1130 people with CKD stages 1 to 5. Eleven studies (900 people) evaluated dietary counselling with or without lifestyle advice and six evaluated dietary patterns (739 people), including one study (191 people) of a carbohydrate‐restricted low‐iron, polyphenol enriched diet, two studies (181 people) of increased fruit and vegetable intake, two studies (355 people) of a Mediterranean diet and one study (12 people) of a high protein/low carbohydrate diet. Risks of bias in the included studies were generally high or unclear, lowering confidence in the results. Participants were followed up for a median of 12 months (range 1 to 46.8 months). Studies were not designed to examine all‐cause mortality or cardiovascular events. In very‐low quality evidence, dietary interventions had uncertain effects on all‐cause mortality or ESKD. In absolute terms, dietary interventions may prevent one person in every 3000 treated for one year avoiding ESKD, although the certainty in this effect was very low. Across all 17 studies, outcome data for cardiovascular events were sparse. Dietary interventions in low quality evidence were associated with a higher health‐related quality of life (2 studies, 119 people: MD in SF‐36 score 11.46, 95% CI 7.73 to 15.18; I 2  = 0%). Adverse events were generally not reported. Dietary interventions lowered systolic blood pressure (3 studies, 167 people: MD ‐9.26 mm Hg, 95% CI ‐13.48 to ‐5.04; I 2  = 80%) and diastolic blood pressure (2 studies, 95 people: MD ‐8.95, 95% CI ‐10.69 to ‐7.21; I 2  = 0%) compared to a control diet. Dietary interventions were associated with a higher estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (5 studies, 219 people: SMD 1.08; 95% CI 0.26 to 1.97; I 2  = 88%) and serum albumin levels (6 studies, 541 people: MD 0.16 g/dL, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.24; I 2  = 26%). A Mediterranean diet lowered serum LDL cholesterol levels (1 study, 40 people: MD ‐1.00 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐1.56 to ‐0.44). Authors' conclusions Dietary interventions have uncertain effects on mortality, cardiovascular events and ESKD among people with CKD as these outcomes were rarely measured or reported. Dietary interventions may increase health‐related quality of life, eGFR, and serum albumin, and lower blood pressure and serum cholesterol levels. Based on stakeholder prioritisation of dietary research in the setting of CKD and preliminary evidence of beneficial effects on risks factors for clinical outcomes, large‐scale pragmatic RCTs to test the effects of dietary interventions on patient outcomes are required. Plain language summary Dietary patterns for adults with chronic kidney disease What is the issue? People who have kidney disease can experience a lower life expectancy, complications including heart disease, and may need treatment for severe kidney failure, such as dialysis. Patients and doctors wish to identify treatments that protect people against kidney failure or heart disease. For both doctors and people who have kidney disease, lifestyle changes such as diet are very important as possible ways to improve health and well‐being, and provide people with a chance to 'self‐manage' their care for kidney disease. What did we do? We combined all studies looking at dietary changes for people who kidney disease including people treated with dialysis or who have a kidney transplant. What did we find? We found 17 studies involving 1639 people who had chronic kidney disease that looked into whether diet changes or advice improved their health. Studies included men and women with mainly moderate or severe kidney disease. Diets involved increasing fruit and vegetable intake, increasing poultry and fish, higher nut and olive oil use, and some increases in cereals and legumes (e.g. beans), and less red meat, sugar, and salt. We looked particularly at three key outcomes: the risk of death, the risk of advanced kidney disease requiring dialysis, and quality of life. There were four studies involving people who have had a kidney transplant and three studies involving people treated with dialysis. After combining the available studies, it was uncertain whether making healthy diet changes prevented heart complications as most studies did not measure these. Diet changes may improve life quality. We did see that some risk factors for future disease, such as blood pressure and cholesterol, were lower following diet counselling or healthier eating. The quality of the included studies was often very low meaning we could not be sure that future studies would find similar results. Conclusions We are very uncertain whether dietary changes improve well‐being for people with kidney disease because the available research studies were not designed to learn about these. Diet changes may lower blood pressure and cholesterol, but the longer term impact of these effects on well‐being is not proven. This means we still need large and good‐quality research studies to help understand the impact of diet on the health of people with kidney disease.
 Taxation of the fat content of foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes;  Abstract - Background Overweight and obesity are increasing worldwide and are considered to be a major public health issue of the 21st century. Introducing taxation of the fat content in foods is considered a potentially powerful policy tool to reduce consumption of foods high in fat or saturated fat, or both. Objectives To assess the effects of taxation of the fat content in food on consumption of total fat and saturated fat, energy intake, overweight, obesity, and other adverse health outcomes in the general population. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, MEDLINE, Embase, and 15 other databases and trial registers on 12 September 2019. We handsearched the reference lists of all records of included studies, searched websites of international organizations and institutions (14 October 2019), and contacted review advisory group members to identify planned, ongoing, or unpublished studies (26 February 2020). Selection criteria In line with Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care Group (EPOC) criteria, we included the following study types: randomized controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐randomized controlled trials (cRCTs), non‐randomized controlled trials (nRCTs), controlled before‐after (CBA) studies, and interrupted time series studies. We included studies that evaluated the effects of taxes on the fat content in foods. Such a tax could be expressed as sales, excise, or special value added tax (VAT) on the final product or an intermediary product. Eligible interventions were taxation at any level, with no restriction on the duration or the implementation level (i.e. local, regional, national, or multinational). Eligible study populations were children (zero to 17 years) and adults (18 years or older) from any country and setting. We excluded studies that focused on specific subgroups only (e.g. people receiving pharmaceutical intervention; people undergoing a surgical intervention; ill people who are overweight or obese as a side effect, such as those with thyroiditis and depression; and people with chronic illness). Primary outcomes were total fat consumption, consumption of saturated fat, energy intake through fat, energy intake through saturated fat, total energy intake, and incidence/prevalence of overweight or obesity. We did not exclude studies based on country, setting, comparison, or population. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods for all phases of the review. Risk of bias of the included studies was assessed using the criteria of Cochrane’s ‘Risk of bias’ tool and the EPOC Group’s guidance. Results of the review are summarized narratively and the certainty of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. These steps were done by two review authors, independently. Main results We identified 23,281 records from searching electronic databases and 1173 records from other sources, leading to a total of 24,454 records. Two studies met the criteria for inclusion in the review. Both included studies investigated the effect the Danish tax on saturated fat contained in selected food items between 2011 and 2012. Both studies used an interrupted time series design. Neither included study had a parallel control group from another geographic area. The included studies investigated an unbalanced panel of approximately 2000 households in Denmark and the sales data from a specific Danish supermarket chain (1293 stores). Therefore, the included studies did not address individual participants, and no restriction regarding age, sex, and socioeconomic characteristics were defined. We judged the overall risk of bias of the two included studies as unclear. For the outcome total consumption of fat, a reduction of 41.8 grams per week per person in a household (P < 0.001) was estimated. For the consumption of saturated fat, one study reported a reduction of 4.2% from minced beef sales, a reduction of 5.8% from cream sales, and an increase of 0.5% to sour cream sales (no measures of statistical precision were reported for these estimates). These estimates are based on a restricted number of food types and derived from sales data; they do not measure individual intake. Moreover, these estimates do not account for other relevant sources of fat intake (e.g. packaged or processed food) or other food outlets (e.g. restaurants or cafeterias); hence, we judged the evidence on the effect of taxation on total fat consumption or saturated fat consumption to be very uncertain. We did not identify evidence on the effect of the intervention on energy intake or the incidence or prevalence of overweight or obesity. Authors' conclusions Given the very low quality of the evidence currently available, we are unable to reliably establish whether a tax on total fat or saturated fat is effective or ineffective in reducing consumption of total fat or saturated fat. There is currently no evidence on the effect of a tax on total fat or saturated fat on total energy intake or energy intake through saturated fat or total fat, or preventing the incidence or reducing the prevalence of overweight or obesity. Plain language summary Does a tax on the fat content of foods reduce obesity and help people to eat less fat and less saturated fat? What is obesity? Body mass index (BMI) is usually a useful measure to show whether people are a healthy weight for their height. A BMI of 18 to 25 shows a healthy weight, a BMI over 25 is considered overweight, and a BMI over 30 shows obesity. Obesity is generally caused by consuming more energy (calories) than you burn off through physical activity or exercise. The body stores the excess energy as fat. Obesity can lead to serious and life‐threatening conditions, including type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, some types of cancer, and stroke. Obesity can also affect people's quality of life (well‐being). What are fats? Fat is essential to a healthy, balanced diet. Fats help the body to absorb some vitamins, and are a source of some fatty acids that the body cannot make. The main types of fat in foods are: ‐ saturated (mostly from animal products, such as meat, cow's milk, cheese, cream, and butter); and ‐ unsaturated (mostly found in oils from plants and fish). Health guidelines usually recommend that people should: ‐ reduce the overall amount of fat they eat; ‐ limit the amount of saturated fats they eat; and ‐ eat unsaturated fats instead of saturated fats. Why we did this Cochrane Review Rates of overweight and obesity are increasing around the world and are a major public health issue. We wanted to know whether increasing the prices of foods that have a lot of fats or saturated fats could put people off eating them, and reduce obesity. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at the effects of a tax on the fat content of foods. We were interested in how a tax affected the: ‐ total amount of fat, and saturated fats eaten; ‐ total calories eaten; ‐ calories eaten from all fats and saturated fats; and ‐ rates of overweight and obesity. Search date:  we included evidence published up to September 2019. What we found We found two studies from Denmark, conducted during 2011 to 2012. One looked at how a tax on some high‐fat foods affected household demand for them; the other looked at information on supermarket sales for certain high‐fat foods (minced beef, cream, and sour cream). They compared their results with data from before the tax started. Both studies looked at a small number of foods that people bought, but not what foods people ate. They didn't measure how much total fat or saturated fat were eaten. What are the results of our review? If the amount of foods bought reflected the amount of foods eaten, then taxing the fat content of certain foods: ‐ might reduce the total amount of fats eaten by 41.8 grams a week for each person in a household, in one study of 2000 households; and ‐ might reduce the amount of saturated fats eaten (in minced beef and cream), in one study of 1293 supermarkets. No studies measured the effect of taxing the fat content of foods on calories eaten, on obesity or overweight, or on total food sales. How reliable are these results? We are not confident in the results because the evidence is only from two studies; and these studies only measured a small number of foods bought, and did not measure foods eaten. One study did not report statistics about the accuracy of its results. The results were from observational studies, in which researchers observe the effect of a factor (such as taxation) without trying to change who does, or does not, experience it. Observational studies do not give as reliable evidence as randomized controlled studies, in which the treatments people receive are decided at random. Conclusions We did not find enough reliable evidence to find out whether a tax on the fat content of foods resulted in people eating less fat, or less saturated fat. We did not find any evidence about how a tax on the fat content of foods affected obesity or overweight. The results of our review will change when further evidence becomes available.
 Fat supplementation of human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background As preterm infants do not experience the nutrient accretion and rapid growth phase of the third trimester of pregnancy, they are vulnerable to postnatal nutritional deficits, including of fat. Consequently, they require higher fat intakes compared to their full term counterparts to achieve adequate growth and development. Human milk fat provides the major energy needs of the preterm infant and also contributes to several metabolic and physiological functions. Although human milk has many benefits for this population, its fat content is highly variable and may be inadequate for their optimum growth and development. This is a 2020 update of a Cochrane Review last published in 2000. Objectives To determine whether supplementation of human milk with fat compared with unsupplemented human milk fed to preterm infants improves growth, body composition, cardio‐metabolic, and neurodevelopmental outcomes without significant adverse effects. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2019, Issue 8) in the Cochrane Library and MEDLINE via PubMed on 23 August 2019. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria Published and unpublished randomised controlled trials were eligible if they used random or quasi‐random methods to allocate preterm infants fed human milk in hospital to supplementation or no supplementation with additional fat. Data collection and analysis No new randomised controlled trials matching the selection criteria were found but we extracted data from the previously included trial due to changes in review outcomes from when the protocol was first published. Two reviewers independently abstracted data, assessed trial quality, and the quality of evidence at the outcome level using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) criteria. We planned to perform meta‐analyses using risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data and mean difference (MD) for continuous data, with their respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We planned to use a fixed‐effect model and to explore potential causes of heterogeneity via sensitivity analyses. Main results One randomised trial involving 14 preterm infants was included. This risk of bias was unclear for all methodological domains. Very low‐quality evidence means that there is uncertainty about the effect of fat supplemention on in‐hospital rates of growth in weight (MD 0.6 g/kg/day, 95% CI −2.4 to 3.6; 1 RCT, n = 14 infants,), length (MD 0.1 cm/week, 95% CI −0.08 to 0.3; 1 RCT, n = 14 infants) and head circumference (MD 0.2 cm/week, 95% CI −0.07 to 0.4; 1 RCT n = 14 infants), and on the risk of feeding intolerance (RR 3.0, 95% CI 0.1 to 64.3; 1 RCT, n = 16 infants). No data were available regarding the effects of fat supplementation on the risk of necrotising enterocolitis or neurodevelopmental outcomes. Authors' conclusions The one included trial suggests no evidence of an effect of fat supplementation of human milk on short‐term growth and feeding intolerance in preterm infants. However, the very low‐quality evidence, small sample size, few events, and low precision diminishes our confidence that these results reflect the true effect of fat supplementation of human milk in preterm infants, and no long‐term outcomes were reported. Further high‐quality research should evaluate the effect on growth, neurodevelopmental and cardio‐metabolic outcomes in the context of the development of multicomponent fortifiers. Plain language summary Fat supplementation of human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants Review question We reviewed the evidence to determine whether addition of extra fat (supplements) to human milk fed to infants born early (preterm) compared with no additional fat improves growth, body fat, obesity, heart problems, high blood sugar, and brain development, without significant side effects. Background Preterm babies at birth lack adequate fat stores because they are born before laying down nutrient stores in the rapid growth phase of the third trimester of pregnancy. Consequently, they require higher fat intakes compared to their full term counterparts to achieve adequate growth and development. Fat provides approximately half of the calories in human milk and supports growth and brain development. Although human milk has many benefits for the preterm baby, it may contain variable and insufficient quantities of fat for adequate growth and development. Inadequate supply of fat in preterm infants fed human milk may adversely affect their growth and development. Therefore, additional fat may be added to human milk, usually by adding commercially prepared fat mixtures to a small amount (e.g. 20 mL) of expressed breast milk. Study characteristics We included one trial with very low‐quality evidence and involving 14 preterm infants. The search is up to date as of August 2019. Key results Addition of extra fat to human milk for preterm infants showed no clear benefits with regards to short‐term rates of weight gain, length gain, and head growth. There was no evidence that the extra fat increased the risk of feeding intolerance. No data were available regarding the effects of addition of extra fat on long‐term growth, body fat, obesity, high blood sugar, or brain development. There were also limited data to assess side effects. Conclusions There was insufficient high‐quality evidence on the benefits and harms of the addition of extra fat to human milk in preterm infants, and no long‐term outcomes have been reported. Since addition of extra fat to human milk is currently done as part of multi‐nutrient fortification, future trials should evaluate the effect of the fat component on short‐ and long‐term growth, body fat, obesity, high blood sugar, or brain development. The right amount and composition of extra fat needed, side effects, and delivery practices should also be evaluated.
 Early versus late parenteral nutrition for critically ill term and late preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Recently conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) suggest that late commencement of parenteral nutrition (PN) may have clinical benefits in critically ill adults and children. However, there is currently limited evidence regarding the optimal timing of commencement of PN in critically ill term and late preterm infants. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and safety of early versus late PN in critically ill term and late preterm infants. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (5 April 2019), MEDLINE Ovid (1966 to 5 April 2019), Embase Ovid (1980 to 5 April 2019), EMCare (1995 to 5 April 2019) and MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 5 April 2019). We searched for ongoing or recently completed clinical trials, and also searched the grey literature and reference lists of relevant publications. Selection criteria We included RCTs comparing early versus late initiation of PN in term and late preterm infants. We defined early PN as commencing within 72 hours of admission, and late PN as commencing after 72 hours of admission. Infants born at 37 weeks' gestation or more were defined as term, and infants born between 34 and 36 +6  weeks' gestation were defined as late preterm. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected the trials, extracted the data and assessed the risk of bias. Treatment effects were expressed using risk ratio (RR) and risk difference (RD) for dichotomous outcomes and mean difference (MD) for continuous data. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results Two RCTs were eligible for inclusion. Data were only available from a subgroup (including 209 term infants) from one RCT in children (aged from birth to 17 years) conducted in Belgium, the Netherlands and Canada. In that RCT, children with medium to high risk of malnutrition were included if a stay of 24 hours or more in the paediatric intensive care unit (PICU) was expected. Early PN and late PN were defined as initiation of PN within 24 hours and after day 7 of admission to PICU, respectively. The risk of bias for the study was considered to be low for five domains and high for two domains. The subgroup of term infants that received late PN had significantly lower risk of in‐hospital all‐cause mortality (RR 0.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.14 to 0.87; RD ‐0.10, 95% CI ‐0.18 to ‐0.02; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) = 10; 1 trial, 209 participants) and neonatal mortality (death from any cause in the first 28 days since birth) (RR 0.29, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; RD ‐0.09, 95% CI ‐0.16 to ‐0.01; NNTB = 11; 1 trial, 209 participants). There were no significant differences in rates of healthcare‐associated blood stream infections, growth parameters and duration of hospital stay between the two groups. Neurodevelopmental outcomes were not reported. The quality of evidence was considered to be low for all outcomes, due to imprecision (owing to the small sample size and wide confidence intervals) and high risk of bias in the included studies. Authors' conclusions Whilst late commencement of PN in term and late preterm infants may have some benefits, the quality of the evidence was low and hence our confidence in the results is limited. Adequately powered RCTs, which evaluate short‐term as well as long‐term neurodevelopmental outcomes, are needed. Plain language summary Early versus late intravenous nutrition in critically ill term and late preterm babies Review question:  to evaluate the benefits and risks of early (within 72 hours of admission) versus late (after 72 hours of admission) commencement of intravenous nutrition in unwell term babies (those born at 37 weeks of pregnancy or more) and late preterm babies (those born between 34 and 37 weeks of pregnancy). Background:  when very unwell term babies and late preterm babies are unable to tolerate milk feeds due to their illness, it is necessary to give nutrition (such as glucose, amino acids and fat) to these babies via an intravenous drip (a tube that is inserted directly into a vein). Recent studies in sick children and adults suggest that it is better to administer only intravenous glucose initially and to delay giving intravenous amino acids and fat by about a week. Study characteristics:  this review found two small studies that evaluated the effects of early versus late commencement of intravenous amino acids and fat in full term babies. However, relevant results were available from only one study, with evidence up to date as of 5 April 2019. Key results:  late commencement of intravenous nutrition resulted in increased survival during hospital stay and in the first 28 days of birth.The timing of intravenous nutrition was not associated with an increased risk of hospital‐acquired blood stream infections, growth and duration of hospital stay. Neurodevelopmental outcomes were not reported. However, the quality of the evidence was considered to be low because the sample size was very small and the results were from only one study. Conclusions:  while there were some benefits of late commencement of intravenous nutrition in term and late preterm babies, the quality of the evidence was low and so our confidence in the results is limited. Further trials are needed which investigate the best time to start intravenous nutrition in unwell newborn babies.
 Polyunsaturated fatty acids for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease;  Abstract - Background Evidence on the health effects of total polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) is equivocal. Fish oils are rich in omega‐3 PUFA and plant oils in omega‐6 PUFA. Evidence suggests that increasing PUFA‐rich foods, supplements or supplemented foods can reduce serum cholesterol, but may increase body weight, so overall cardiovascular effects are unclear. Objectives To assess effects of increasing total PUFA intake on cardiovascular disease and all‐cause mortality, lipids and adiposity in adults. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase to April 2017 and clinicaltrials.gov and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform to September 2016, without language restrictions. We checked trials included in relevant systematic reviews. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing higher with lower PUFA intakes in adults with or without cardiovascular disease that assessed effects over 12 months or longer. We included full texts, abstracts, trials registry entries and unpublished data. Outcomes were all‐cause mortality, cardiovascular disease mortality and events, risk factors (blood lipids, adiposity, blood pressure), and adverse events. We excluded trials where we could not separate effects of PUFA intake from other dietary, lifestyle or medication interventions. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened titles and abstracts, assessed trials for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias. We wrote to authors of included trials for further data. Meta‐analyses used random‐effects analysis, sensitivity analyses included fixed‐effects and limiting to low summary risk of bias. We assessed GRADE quality of evidence. Main results We included 49 RCTs randomising 24,272 participants, with duration of one to eight years. Eleven included trials were at low summary risk of bias, 33 recruited participants without cardiovascular disease. Baseline PUFA intake was unclear in most trials, but 3.9% to 8% of total energy intake where reported. Most trials gave supplemental capsules, but eight gave dietary advice, eight gave supplemental foods such as nuts or margarine, and three used a combination of methods to increase PUFA. Increasing PUFA intake probably has  little or no effect on all‐cause mortality  (risk 7.8% vs 7.6%, risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.07, 19,290 participants in 24 trials), but  probably slightly reduces risk of coronary heart disease events  from 14.2% to 12.3% (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.06, 15 trials, 10,076 participants) and  cardiovascular disease events  from 14.6% to 13.0% (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.01, 17,799 participants in 21 trials), all moderate‐quality evidence. Increasing PUFA  may slightly reduce risk of coronary heart disease death  (6.6% to 6.1%, RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.06, 9 trials, 8810 participants) and stroke  (1.2% to 1.1%, RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.44, 11 trials, 14,742 participants, though confidence intervals include important harms), but has  little or no effect on cardiovascular mortality  (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.26, 16 trials, 15,107 participants) all low‐quality evidence. Effects of increasing PUFA on  major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events  and  atrial fibrillation  are unclear as evidence is of very low quality. Increasing PUFA intake  probably slightly decreases triglycerides  (by 15%, MD ‐0.12 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.20 to ‐0.04, 20 trials, 3905 participants), but has little or no effect on  total cholesterol  (mean difference (MD) ‐0.12 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.23 to ‐0.02, 26 trials, 8072 participants), high‐density lipoprotein  (HDL)  (MD ‐0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.01, 18 trials, 4674 participants) or low‐density lipoprotein  (LDL)  (MD ‐0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.06, 15 trials, 3362 participants). Increasing PUFA probably has  little or no effect on adiposity  (body weight MD 0.76 kg, 95% CI 0.34 to 1.19, 12 trials, 7100 participants). Effects of increasing PUFA on  serious adverse events  such as pulmonary embolism and bleeding are unclear as the evidence is of very low quality. Authors' conclusions This is the most extensive systematic review of RCTs conducted to date to assess effects of increasing PUFA on cardiovascular disease, mortality, lipids or adiposity. Increasing PUFA intake probably slightly reduces risk of coronary heart disease and cardiovascular disease events, may slightly reduce risk of coronary heart disease mortality and stroke (though not ruling out harms), but has little or no effect on all‐cause or cardiovascular disease mortality. The mechanism may be via TG reduction. Plain language summary Polyunsaturated fatty acids for prevention and treatment of diseases of the heart and circulation Review question We reviewed randomised trials (participants have an equal chance to be assigned to either treatment) examining effects of increasing intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on deaths and diseases of the heart and circulation (cardiovascular diseases), including heart attacks and stroke. Background We eat PUFA in our usual food, but quantities of PUFA eaten vary. There is some evidence that increasing the amount of PUFA we eat can reduce our blood cholesterol and make us less likely to develop cardiovascular disease, particularly if PUFAs are eaten instead of saturated fats (fats from animal sources such as meat and cheese). But eating more PUFA may increase our body weight, and omega‐6 fats (one component of PUFA) may worsen cardiovascular risk by increasing inflammation. Evidence on the benefits or harms of increasing PUFA intake on diseases of the heart and circulation, or on other health outcomes, is inconclusive. Trial characteristics Evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to 27 April 2017. We included 49 trials randomising 24,272 participants, for one to eight years. These trials assessed effects of eating more, compared to less PUFA, on diseases of the heart and circulation, and deaths. Twelve trials were very trustworthy (had low risk of bias overall). Participants were men and women, some with existing illnesses and some not. Trials took place in North America, Asia, Europe and Australia, and sixteen were funded only by national or charitable agencies. Key results Increasing PUFA probably makes little or no difference (neither benefit nor harm) to our risk of death (moderate‐quality evidence), and may make little or no difference to our risk of dying from cardiovascular disease (low‐quality evidence). However, increasing PUFA probably slightly reduces our risk of heart disease events and of combined heart and stroke events (moderate‐quality evidence). Fifty three people would need to eat more PUFA to prevent one person experiencing a heart disease event, and 63 people to prevent one person experiencing a heart or stroke event. Increasing PUFA may very slightly reduce risk of death due to heart disease, as well as stroke, but harm is possible (low‐quality evidence). PUFA probably slightly reduces fats circulating in the blood (triglycerides, moderate‐quality evidence but without effects on other lipids or adiposity). The evidence mainly comes from dietary‐advice trials of men living in high‐income countries.
 Caregiver involvement in interventions for improving children's dietary intake and physical activity behaviors;  Abstract - Background Poor diet and insufficient physical activity are major risk factors for non‐communicable diseases. Developing healthy diet and physical activity behaviors early in life is important as these behaviors track between childhood and adulthood. Parents and other adult caregivers have important influences on children's health behaviors, but whether their involvement in children's nutrition and physical activity interventions contributes to intervention effectiveness is not known. Objectives • To assess effects of caregiver involvement in interventions for improving children's dietary intake and physical activity behaviors, including those intended to prevent overweight and obesity • To describe intervention content and behavior change techniques employed, drawing from a behavior change technique taxonomy developed and advanced by Abraham, Michie, and colleagues (Abraham 2008; Michie 2011; Michie 2013; Michie 2015) • To identify content and techniques related to reported outcomes when such information was reported in included studies Search methods In January 2019, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 11 other databases, and three trials registers. We also searched the references lists of relevant reports and systematic reviews. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs evaluating the effects of interventions to improve children's dietary intake or physical activity behavior, or both, with children aged 2 to 18 years as active participants and at least one component involving caregivers versus the same interventions but without the caregiver component(s). We excluded interventions meant as treatment or targeting children with pre‐existing conditions, as well as caregiver‐child units residing in orphanages and school hostel environments. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures outlined by Cochrane. Main results We included 23 trials with approximately 12,192 children in eligible intervention arms. With the exception of two studies, all were conducted in high‐income countries, with more than half performed in North America. Most studies were school‐based and involved the addition of healthy eating or physical education classes, or both, sometimes in tandem with other changes to the school environment. The specific intervention strategies used were not always reported completely. However, based on available reports, the behavior change techniques used most commonly in the child‐only arm were "shaping knowledge," "comparison of behavior," "feedback and monitoring," and "repetition and substitution." In the child + caregiver arm, the strategies used most commonly included additional "shaping knowledge" or "feedback and monitoring" techniques, as well as "social support" and "natural consequences." We considered all trials to be at high risk of bias for at least one design factor. Seven trials did not contribute any data to analyses. The quality of reporting of intervention content varied between studies, and there was limited scope for meta‐analysis. Both validated and non‐validated instruments were used to measure outcomes of interest. Outcomes measured and reported differed between studies, with 16 studies contributing data to the meta‐analyses. About three‐quarters of studies reported their funding sources; no studies reported industry funding. We assessed the quality of evidence to be low or very low. Dietary behavior change interventions with a caregiver component versus interventions without a caregiver component Seven studies compared dietary behavior change interventions with and without a caregiver component. At the end of the intervention, we did not detect a difference between intervention arms in children's percentage of total energy intake from saturated fat (mean difference [MD] −0.42%, 95% confidence interval [CI] −1.25 to 0.41, 1 study, n = 207; low‐quality evidence) or from sodium intake (MD −0.12 g/d, 95% CI −0.36 to 0.12, 1 study, n = 207; low‐quality evidence). No trial in this comparison reported data for children's combined fruit and vegetable intake, sugar‐sweetened beverage (SSB) intake, or physical activity levels, nor for adverse effects of interventions. Physical activity interventions with a caregiver component versus interventions without a caregiver component Six studies compared physical activity interventions with and without a caregiver component. At the end of the intervention, we did not detect a difference between intervention arms in children's total physical activity (MD 0.20 min/h, 95% CI −1.19 to 1.59, 1 study, n = 54; low‐quality evidence) or moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) (standard mean difference [SMD] 0.04, 95% CI −0.41 to 0.49, 2 studies, n = 80; moderate‐quality evidence). No trial in this comparison reported data for percentage of children's total energy intake from saturated fat, sodium intake, fruit and vegetable intake, or SSB intake, nor for adverse effects of interventions. Combined dietary and physical activity interventions with a caregiver component versus interventions without a caregiver component Ten studies compared dietary and physical activity interventions with and without a caregiver component. At the end of the intervention, we detected a small positive impact of a caregiver component on children's SSB intake (SMD −0.28, 95% CI −0.44 to −0.12, 3 studies, n = 651; moderate‐quality evidence). We did not detect a difference between intervention arms in children's percentage of total energy intake from saturated fat (MD 0.06%, 95% CI −0.67 to 0.80, 2 studies, n = 216; very low‐quality evidence), sodium intake (MD 35.94 mg/d, 95% CI −322.60 to 394.47, 2 studies, n = 315; very low‐quality evidence), fruit and vegetable intake (MD 0.38 servings/d, 95% CI −0.51 to 1.27, 1 study, n = 134; very low‐quality evidence), total physical activity (MD 1.81 min/d, 95% CI −15.18 to 18.80, 2 studies, n = 573; low‐quality evidence), or MVPA (MD −0.05 min/d, 95% CI −18.57 to 18.47, 1 study, n = 622; very low‐quality evidence). One trial indicated that no adverse events were reported by study participants but did not provide data. Authors' conclusions Current evidence is insufficient to support the inclusion of caregiver involvement in interventions to improve children's dietary intake or physical activity behavior, or both. For most outcomes, the quality of the evidence is adversely impacted by the small number of studies with available data, limited effective sample sizes, risk of bias, and imprecision. To establish the value of caregiver involvement, additional studies measuring clinically important outcomes using valid and reliable measures, employing appropriate design and power, and following established reporting guidelines are needed, as is evidence on how such interventions might contribute to health equity. Plain language summary Effects of involving parents and other adult caregivers in children's diet and physical activity interventions Review question Does it make a difference if parents or other adult caregivers are involved in interventions to encourage children to eat healthier or be more physically active? Background Diet and physical activity behaviors are important determinants of health. Parents and other adult caregivers have an essential role in shaping children's health habits by controlling availability of and access to healthy foods and opportunities to be active; supporting, encouraging, and role‐modeling healthy behaviors; and adopting supportive feeding styles and practices. For these reasons, it often is argued that parent and caregiver involvement in children's diet and physical activity interventions is important; however, it remains unclear if involvement of parents and caregivers actually provides benefit. Objectives We assessed the effects of involving parents or other adult caregivers in children's healthy eating and physical activity interventions compared to the effects of the same child interventions without a parent or caregiver component. We were particularly interested in understanding effects on children's dietary intake, children's physical activity levels, and adverse effects of interventions. Study characteristics We found 23 studies, published between 1982 and 2019, that implemented diet interventions, physical activity interventions, or combined diet and physical activity interventions with children or adolescents, and evaluated the effects of adding an intervention component involving parents or other adult caregivers. Approximately 12,192 children aged 2 to 18 years were examined. More than half of studies took place in North America, and all but two were conducted in high‐income countries. Most studies were school‐based and involved the addition of healthy eating or physical education classes, or both, sometimes in tandem with other changes to the school environment. The breadth of information provided about intervention content varied between studies. The most commonly used intervention techniques were those aimed at shaping participants' knowledge, such as providing instruction about how to perform a behavior (e.g. dance, cooking lessons). About three‐quarters of studies reported their funding source; no studies reported industry funding. Key results The findings of this review suggest that adding a parent or caregiver component to dietary behavior change interventions or physical activity interventions may make little or no difference to children's dietary intake or physical activity levels. For interventions that target both diet and physical activity behaviors, involving a parent or caregiver probably slightly reduces children's sugar‐sweetened beverage intake by the end of the intervention. We do not know whether any of these types of interventions result in adverse effects because these data are not available. Quality of evidence Overall, the evidence from studies is of low or very low quality, which means that we are uncertain about study results. Currentness of evidence The evidence is current to January 2019.
 Early fortification of human milk versus late fortification to promote growth in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Uncertainty exists about the optimal point at which multi‐component fortifier should be added to human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants. The most common practice is to start fortification when the infant’s daily enteral feed volume reaches 100 mL/kg body weight. Another approach is to commence fortification earlier, in some cases as early as the first enteral feed. Early fortification of human milk could increase nutrient intake and growth rates but may increase the risk of feed intolerance and necrotising enterocolitis (NEC). Objectives To assess effects on growth and safety of early fortification of human milk versus late fortification in preterm infants To assess whether effects vary based upon gestational age (≤ 27 weeks; 28 to 31 weeks; ≥ 32 weeks), birth weight (< 1000 g; 1000 to 1499 g; ≥ 1500 g), small or appropriate for gestational age, or type of fortifier (bovine milk‐based human milk fortifier (HMF); human milk‐based HMF; formula powder) Search methods We used the standard strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2019, Issue 8); OVID MEDLINE (R) and Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions (R) (1946 to 15 August 2019); MEDLINE via PubMed (1 August 2018 to 15 August 2019) for the previous year; and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literatue (CINAHL) (1981 to 15 August 2019). We searched clinical trials databases and reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials that compared early versus late fortification of human milk in preterm infants. We defined early fortification as fortification started at < 100 mL/kg/d enteral feed volume or < 7 days postnatal age, and late fortification as fortification started at ≥ 100 mL/kg/d feeds or ≥ 7 days postnatal age. Data collection and analysis Both review authors assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias and independently extracted data. We analysed treatment effects in individual trials, and we reported risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data and mean difference (MD) for continuous data, with respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included two trials with a total of 237 infants. All participants were very low birth weight infants (birth weight < 1500 g). Early fortification was started at 20 mL/kg/d enteral feeds in one study and 40 mL/kg/d in the other study. Late fortification was started at 100 mL/kg/d feeds in both studies. One study used bovine milk‐based fortifier, and the other used human milk‐based fortifier. Meta‐analysis showed that early fortification may have little or no effect on growth outcomes including time to regain birth weight (MD ‐0.06 days, 95% CI ‐1.32 to 1.20 days), linear growth (MD 0.10 cm/week, 95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.22 cm/week), or head growth (MD ‐0.01 cm/week, 95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.06 cm/week) during the initial hospitalisation period. Early fortification may have little or no effect on the risk of NEC (MD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.07 to 0.06). The certainty of evidence was low for these outcomes due to risk of bias (lack of blinding) and imprecision (small sample size). Early fortification may have little or no effect on incidence of surgical NEC, time to reach full enteral feeds, extrauterine growth restriction at discharge, proportion of infants with feed interruption episodes, duration of total parenteral nutrition (TPN), duration of central venous line usage, or incidence of invasive infection, all‐cause mortality, and duration of hospital stay. The certainty of evidence was low for these outcomes due to risk of bias (lack of blinding) and imprecision (small sample size). We did not have data for other outcomes such as subsequent weight gain after birth weight is regained, parenteral nutrition‐associated liver disease, postdischarge growth, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Authors' conclusions Available evidence is insufficient to support or refute early fortification of human milk in preterm infants. Further large trials would be needed to provide data of sufficient quality and precision to inform policy and practice. Plain language summary Earlier compared to later addition of human milk fortifier to human milk to promote growth in preterm infants Review question Does adding human milk fortifier (HMF) early promote growth and improve outcomes in preterm infants compared to adding it late? Background Uncertainty exists about the optimal point at which HMF should be added to human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants. The most common practice is to start HMF when the infant’s daily feed volume reaches 100 mL/kg body weight. Another approach is to commence HMF earlier, in some cases as early as the first feed. Adding HMF early could increase nutrient intake and growth rates but may increase the risk of feed intolerance and necrotising enterocolitis. Study characteristics Evidence is up‐to‐date as of August 2019. We identified two randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of adding HMF early for preterm infants. Key results We found only limited data from two trials. There is uncertainty as to whether adding HMF early for preterm infants has an effect on important outcomes such as growth during hospital stay, necrotising enterocolitis, death before discharge, presence of growth failure at discharge, and length of hospital stay. Certainty of evidence The available evidence is insufficient to support or refute early addition of HMF to human milk to promote growth in preterm infants. More trials are needed to examine whether adding HMF early is beneficial or harmful for preterm infants.
 Agricultural and nutritional education interventions for reducing aflatoxin exposure to improve infant and child growth in low‐ and middle‐income countries;  Abstract - Background Aflatoxins are carcinogenic mycotoxins that contaminate many food crops .  Maize and groundnuts are prone to aflatoxin contamination, and are the major sources of human exposure to aflatoxins, due to their high intake as staple foods, particularly in low‐ and middle‐income countries (LMICs). Observational studies suggest an association between dietary exposure to aflatoxins during pregnancy and early childhood and linear growth in infants and young children. Objectives To assess the effects on pre‐ and postnatal growth outcomes when agricultural and nutritional education interventions during the post‐harvest period that aim to reduce aflatoxin exposure are compared to usual support or no intervention. We assessed this in infants, children, and pregnant and lactating women at the household or community level in LMICs. Search methods In July and August 2019, we searched: CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, Web of Science Core Collection, Africa‐Wide, LILACS, CAB Abstracts, Agricola, and two trials registers. We also checked the bibliographies of the included studies and contacted relevant mycotoxin organisations and researchers for additional studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and cluster‐RCTs of agricultural education and nutritional education interventions of any duration, at the household or community level, aimed at reducing aflatoxin intake by infants, children, and pregnant and lactating women, in LMICs during the post‐harvest period, compared to no intervention or usual support. We excluded studies that followed participants for less than four weeks. We assessed prespecified prenatal (at birth) and postnatal growth outcomes (during infancy, childhood, and adolescence), with linear growth (as the primary outcome), infectious disease morbidity, and unintended consequences. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed study eligibility using prespecified criteria, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias of included RCTs. We evaluated the certainty of the evidence using GRADE, and presented the main results in a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results We included three recent cluster‐RCTs reporting the effects of agricultural education plus post‐harvest technologies, compared to usual agricultural support or no intervention. The participants were pregnant women and their children, lactating women and their infants (< 6 months), women of childbearing age, and young children (< 59 months), from rural, subsistence maize‐farming communities in Kenya, Zimbabwe, and Tanzania. Two trials randomised villages to the intervention and control groups, including a total of at least 979 mother‐child pairs from 60 villages. The third trial randomised 420 households, including 189 mother‐child pairs and 231 women of childbearing age. Duration of the intervention and follow‐up ranged between five and nine months. Due to risk of attrition bias, the overall risk of bias was unclear in one trial, and high in the other two trials. None of the included studies addressed the effects of nutritional education on pre‐ and postnatal growth. One trial reported outcomes not prespecified in our review, and we were unable to obtain unpublished growth data from the second trial, even after contacting the authors. The third trial, in lactating women and their infants in Tanzania, reported on the infants' weight‐for‐age z‐score (WAZ) after six months. This trial found that providing agricultural education aimed at changing farmers' post‐harvest practices to reduce aflatoxin exposure, by using demonstrations (e.g. handsorting, de‐hulling of maize, drying sheets, and insecticides), may improve WAZ in infants from these farmers' households, on average, by 0.57 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 0.98; 1 study; 249 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), compared to infants from households where the farmers received routine agricultural extension services. Another way of reporting the effect on WAZ is to compare the proportion of underweight infants (WAZ > 2 SD below the reference median value) per group. This trial found that the intervention may reduce the proportion of underweight infants in the intervention households by 6.7% (95% CI ‐12.6 to ‐1.4; 249 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) compared to control households. No studies reported on unintended effects of agricultural and nutritional education. Authors' conclusions Evidence on the effects on child growth in LMICs of agricultural or nutritional education interventions that reduce aflatoxin exposure was very limited; no included study reported on linear growth. Very low‐certainty evidence suggested that agricultural education aimed at changing farmers' post‐harvest practices to reduce aflatoxin exposure by using demonstrations, may result in an increase in WAZ, when compared to usual or no education. Plain language summary Reducing aflatoxin intake with agricultural and nutritional education to improve growth of infants and children in low‐ and middle‐income countries Review question Does providing agricultural and nutritional education about how to reduce the intake of aflatoxins (from contaminated food crops) in households and communities in low and middle‐income countries (LMICs) improve the growth of infants and children compared to usual or no education? Background Aflatoxins are toxins produced by moulds that contaminate food crops. Maize and groundnuts are the major dietary sources of aflatoxins, as they are eaten in large amounts by many people living in LMICs. Some research from LMICs suggests that there may be a link between aflatoxin intake during pregnancy and early childhood, and growth in infants and young children. Study Characteristics We included three trials, conducted in pregnant and breastfeeding women (1168 mother‐child pairs), women of childbearing age (N = 231), and infants and young children (< 59 months old), from rural, subsistence maize‐farming communities in Kenya, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe. One trial in Tanzania, at unclear risk of bias overall, provided data for this review, since one trial did not report any outcomes relevant to this review, and we were unable to obtain unpublished growth data for another, even after contacting the study authors. The trial, conducted in breastfeeding women and their babies, studied the effects of agricultural education (demonstrations to change farmers' practices after harvesting their maize crops to reduce aflatoxins (for example, by handsorting and de‐hulling the maize, using drying sheets and insecticides) on the babies' weight, standardised for age (weight‐for‐age z‐score (WAZ)), after six months (the z‐score measures the difference between these babies and the median of a population of similar babies). Farmers in the control group received routine services from agriculture extension workers. Key results Very low‐certainty evidence from one trial suggested that the WAZ of 128 children from farmers' households who received agricultural education may improve by a z‐score of 0.57, compared to 121 children from households where farmers only received routine services. This means that a baby girl in the intervention group, with a healthy weight, would gain about 450 to 690 grams more weight between three to nine months, compared to a baby girl in the control group. This is a meaningful difference. Another way of measuring the effect is to compare the proportion of underweight infants (WAZ ≥ 2 standard deviations below the reference median value) per group, after the intervention. In this case, agricultural education may reduce the proportion of underweight children, on average, by 6.7% (very low‐certainty evidence), compared to routine services. None of the included studies addressed the effects of nutritional education on length of height, or on unintended effects of agricultural or nutritional education. Evidence about the effects on child growth of agricultural or nutritional education interventions that reduce aflatoxin exposure in LMICs was very limited. Data from one trial suggested that agricultural education, aimed at changing farmers' post‐harvest practices to reduce aflatoxin exposure, may result in the babies' increased weight‐for‐age, compared to usual or no education. The literature was searched to August 2019. Quality of the evidence We have very little confidence in the results. The true effect may be substantially different.
 Fundoplication versus postoperative medication for gastro‐oesophageal reflux in children with neurological impairment undergoing gastrostomy;  Abstract - Background Children with neurological impairments frequently experience feeding difficulties, which can lead to malnutrition and growth failure. Gastrostomy feeding is now the preferred method of providing nutritional support to children with neurological impairments who are unable to feed adequately by mouth. Complications may arise as a result of gastrostomy placement, and the development or worsening of gastro‐oesophageal reflux (GOR) has been widely reported. This has led to the frequent use of surgical antireflux treatment in the form of a fundoplication, or other antireflux procedures. Fundoplication is associated with a high recurrence rate, surgical failure, and significant morbidity and mortality. Since proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) were introduced in the 1990s, they have come to play a larger part in the medical management of GOR in children with neurological impairments. Uncontrolled studies suggest that PPIs may be a safe, appropriate treatment for GOR. Other agents currently used include milk thickeners, acid suppression drugs, acid buffering agents, gut motility stimulants and sodium alginate preparations. There are risks and benefits associated with both surgical and medical interventions and further comparison is necessary to determine the optimal treatment choice. Objectives To compare the effectiveness of antireflux surgery and antireflux medications for children with neurological impairments and GOR who are undergoing placement of a gastrostomy feeding tube. Search methods We searched the following databases on 23 March 2012: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, LILACS and ISI Web of Science. Previously, we searched the Child Health Library in June 2009. We also performed online searches of trial registries, medical journals, conference proceedings, dissertations and theses. We contacted specialists in the medical and industry setting for knowledge of completed or ongoing trials. Selection criteria We sought to include randomised controlled trials that recruited children up to the age of 18 years with neurological impairments and GOR who were undergoing gastrostomy tube insertion. Data collection and analysis The review authors worked independently to select trials; none were identified. Main results We identified no trials that satisfied the criteria for this review. Authors' conclusions There remains considerable uncertainty regarding the optimal treatment when faced with the decision of fundoplication surgery versus antireflux medications for children with GOR and neurological impairment who are undergoing gastrostomy insertion. There is a need for robust scientific evidence in order to provide data on the comparable risks or benefits of the two interventions. Plain language summary Surgery versus medication for treating acid reflux in brain‐damaged children having a feeding tube inserted Children with cerebral palsy often have oral motor impairment and need help with eating and drinking. Frequently this entails surgery to place a feeding tube (gastrostomy) directly into their stomach. They may also be found to have gastro‐oesophageal reflux (where stomach acid flows back up into the feeding tube (oesophagus)), which can be made worse by gastrostomy surgery. Reflux can be treated either with additional surgery at the same time as the gastrostomy (a fundoplication) or with antireflux medications. We carried out this review to determine which was the safest and most effective form of treatment. We found no randomised controlled trials that provided scientific evidence on which to base a conclusion, highlighting the need for a trial comparing the two interventions.
 Systemic treatments for eczema: a network meta‐analysis;  Abstract - Background Eczema is a common and chronic, relapsing, inflammatory skin disorder. It seriously impacts quality of life and economic outcomes, especially for those with moderate to severe eczema. Various treatments allow sustained control of the disease; however, their relative benefit remains unclear due to the limited number of trials directly comparing treatments. Objectives To assess the comparative efficacy and safety of different types of systemic immunosuppressive treatments for moderate to severe eczema using NMA and to generate rankings of available systemic immunosuppressive treatments for eczema according to their efficacy and safety. Search methods We searched the following databases up to August 2019: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of systemic immunosuppressive agents for moderate to severe atopic eczema when compared against placebo or any other eligible eczema treatment. Data collection and analysis We synthesised data using pair‐wise analysis and NMA to compare treatments and rank them according to their effectiveness. Effectiveness was assessed primarily by determining the proportion of participants who achieved at least 75% improvement in the Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI75) and improvement in the Patient‐Oriented Eczema Measure (POEM). Safety was evaluated primarily by considering the proportion of participants with serious adverse events (SAEs) and infection. We deemed short‐term follow‐up as ≤ 16 weeks and long‐term follow‐up as > 16 weeks. We assessed the certainty of the body of evidence from the NMA for these primary outcomes using six domains of CiNEMA grading. Main results We included a total of 74 studies, with 8177 randomised participants. Approximately 55% of participants were male, with average age of 32 years (range 2 to 84 years), although age and gender were unreported for 419 and 902 participants, respectively. Most of the included trials were placebo controlled (65%), 34% were head‐to‐head studies (15% assessed the effects of different doses of the same drug), and 1% were multi‐armed studies with both an active comparator and a placebo. All trials included participants with moderate to severe eczema, but 62% of studies did not separate data by severity; 38% of studies assessed only severe eczema. The total duration of included trials ranged from 2 weeks to 60 months, whereas treatment duration varied from a single dose (CIM331, KPL‐716) to 60 months (methotrexate (MTX)). Seventy studies were available for quantitative synthesis; this review assessed 29 immunosuppressive agents from three classes of interventions. These included (1) conventional treatments, with ciclosporin assessed most commonly; (2) small molecule treatments, including phosphodiesterase (PDE)‐4 inhibitors, tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors; and (3) biological treatments, including anti‐CD31 receptors, anti‐interleukin (IL)‐22, anti‐IL‐31, anti‐IL‐13, anti‐IL‐12/23p40, anti‐OX40, anti‐TSLP, anti‐CRTH2, and anti‐immunoglobulin E (IgE) monoclonal antibodies, but most commonly dupilumab. Most trials (73) assessed outcomes at a short‐term duration ranging from 2 to 16 weeks, whereas 33 trials assessed long‐term outcomes, with duration ranging from 5 to 60 months. All participants were from a hospital setting. Fifty‐two studies declared a source of funding, and of these, pharmaceutical companies funded 88%. We rated 37 studies as high risk; 21, unclear risk, and 16, low risk of bias, with studies most commonly at high risk of attrition bias. Network meta‐analysis suggests that dupilumab ranks first for effectiveness when compared with other biological treatments. Dupilumab is more effective than placebo in achieving EASI75 (risk ratio (RR) 3.04, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.51 to 3.69) and improvement in POEM score (mean difference 7.30, 95% CI 6.61 to 8.00) at short‐term follow‐up (high‐certainty evidence). Very low‐certainty evidence means we are uncertain of the effects of dupilumab when compared with placebo, in terms of the proportion of participants who achieve EASI75 (RR 2.59, 95% CI 1.87 to 3.60) at longer‐term follow‐up. Low‐certainty evidence indicates that tralokinumab may be more effective than placebo in achieving short‐term EASI75 (RR 2.54, 95% CI 1.21 to 5.34), but there was no evidence for tralokinumab to allow us to assess short‐term follow‐up of POEM or long‐term follow‐up of EASI75. We are uncertain of the effect of ustekinumab compared with placebo in achieving EASI75 (long‐term follow‐up: RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.40 to 3.45; short‐term follow‐up: RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.28 to 2.97; both very low certainty). We found no evidence on ustekinumab for the POEM outcome. We are uncertain whether other immunosuppressive agents that targeted our key outcomes influence the achievement of short‐term EASI75 compared with placebo due to low‐ or very low‐certainty evidence. Dupilumab and ustekinumab were the only immunosuppressive agents evaluated for longer‐term EASI75. Dupilumab was the only agent evaluated for improvement in POEM during short‐term follow‐up. Low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence indicates a lower proportion of participants with SAEs after treatment with QAW039 and dupilumab compared to placebo during short‐term follow‐up, but low‐ to very low‐certainty evidence suggests no difference in SAEs during short‐term follow‐up of other immunosuppressive agents compared to placebo. Evidence for effects of immunosuppressive agents on risk of any infection during short‐term follow‐up and SAEs during long‐term follow‐up compared with placebo was of low or very low certainty but did not indicate a difference. We did not identify differences in other adverse events (AEs), but dupilumab is associated with specific AEs, including eye inflammation and eosinophilia. Authors' conclusions Our findings indicate that dupilumab is the most effective biological treatment for eczema. Compared to placebo, dupilumab reduces eczema signs and symptoms in the short term for people with moderate to severe atopic eczema. Short‐term safety outcomes from clinical trials did not reveal new safety concerns with dupilumab. Overall, evidence for the efficacy of most other immunosuppressive treatments for moderate to severe atopic eczema is of low or very low certainty. Given the lack of data comparing conventional with newer biological treatments for the primary outcomes, there remains high uncertainty for ranking the efficacy and safety of conventional treatments such as ciclosporin and biological treatments such as dupilumab. Most studies were placebo‐controlled and assessed only short‐term efficacy of immunosuppressive agents. Further adequately powered head‐to‐head RCTs should evaluate comparative long‐term efficacy and safety of available treatments for moderate to severe eczema. Plain language summary Which oral or injected medicines work best to treat moderate to severe eczema? Why this question is important Eczema is a persistent condition that causes dry, cracked, and itchy skin. People with mild eczema have small patches of dry skin, and people with moderate eczema have larger, redder, or swollen areas of skin. People with severe eczema have red crusts and broken skin (which may ooze fluid) that develop all over the body. Although there is currently no cure for eczema, treatments that aim to relieve symptoms are available. Usually, the first treatment option is to apply creams, ointments, or liquids to the affected skin. If this does not work, it is possible to take oral or injected (systemic) medicines that work throughout the body. Many systemic medicines are available for eczema. To help people decide which one is most appropriate for managing their symptoms, we reviewed the evidence on benefits and risks of different systemic medicines for people with moderate or severe eczema. We particularly wanted to find out: • whether some medicines were more likely than others to have an important positive effect on symptoms (defined as either at least a 75% improvement on the Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI), or improvement on the Patient‐Oriented Eczema Measure (POEM)—two scales that are used by clinicians to evaluate changes in eczema symptoms); and • whether some medicines are associated with more serious unwanted events, including infection, than others. How we identified and assessed the evidence First, we searched the medical literature for randomised controlled studies (studies where people are randomly divided into different treatment groups) because these studies provide the most robust evidence about the effects of a treatment. We then compared study results and summarised the evidence from all studies. Finally, we assessed how certain the evidence was. To do this, we considered factors such as the way studies were conducted, the size of studies, and the consistency of findings across studies. Based on our assessments, we categorised the evidence as being of very low, low, moderate, or high certainty. What we found We found 74 studies that involved a total of 8177 people with moderate to severe eczema. Studies lasted between 2 weeks and 60 months. Treatments received varied from a single, one‐off dose to weekly doses for 60 months. These studies evaluated 29 different medicines by comparing them to a placebo (fake treatment) or to another medicine, or by comparing different doses of the same medicine. The medicine that was studied most frequently was dupilumab (12 studies), a laboratory‐made version of a protein, which blocks parts of the immune system involved in causing eczema. Dupilumab versus placebo High‐certainty evidence shows that, compared to a placebo or other laboratory‐made proteins, dupilumab improves the symptoms of people with moderate to severe eczema in the short term (within 16 weeks of treatment). It is unclear whether this improvement is sustained after 16 weeks because no studies have looked at changes in POEM scores beyond that time, and because the evidence from studies that measured EASI scores was of very low certainty. Dupilumab may be associated with fewer serious unwanted events than placebo (low‐certainty evidence). Other systemic medicines versus placebo Evidence on the benefits and risks of other systemic medicines compared to placebo is limited because no studies have measured their effects on symptom improvement or serious unwanted effects, or because the certainty of the evidence is low or very low. Comparing different systemic medicines with one another Reviewers found too few studies that compared different systemic medicines against one another to determine which worked best for people with moderate to severe eczema. What this means Evidence shows that, compared to placebo, dupilumab improves the symptoms of people with moderate to severe eczema within 16 weeks of treatment and may be associated with fewer serious unwanted events. Reviewers found too few robust studies to conclude whether dupilumab improves symptoms beyond 16 weeks, or whether this medicine works better than older systemic medicines. Future studies need to compare different systemic treatments beyond 16 weeks in people with moderate to severe eczema. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to August 2019.
 Fortification of staple foods with vitamin A for vitamin A deficiency;  Abstract - Background Vitamin A deficiency is a significant public health problem in many low‐ and middle‐income countries, especially affecting young children, women of reproductive age, and pregnant women. Fortification of staple foods with vitamin A has been used to increase vitamin A consumption among these groups. Objectives To assess the effects of fortifying staple foods with vitamin A for reducing vitamin A deficiency and improving health‐related outcomes in the general population older than two years of age. Search methods We searched the following international databases with no language or date restrictions: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2018, Issue 6) in the Cochrane Library; MEDLINE and MEDLINE In Process OVID; Embase OVID; CINAHL Ebsco; Web of Science (ISI) SCI, SSCI, CPCI‐exp and CPCI‐SSH; BIOSIS (ISI); POPLINE; Bibliomap; TRoPHI; ASSIA (Proquest); IBECS; SCIELO; Global Index Medicus ‐ AFRO and EMRO; LILACS; PAHO; WHOLIS; WPRO; IMSEAR; IndMED; and Native Health Research Database. We also searched clinicaltrials.gov and the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform to identify ongoing and unpublished studies. The date of the last search was 19 July 2018. Selection criteria We included individually or cluster‐randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in this review. The intervention included fortification of staple foods (sugar, edible oils, edible fats, maize flour or corn meal, wheat flour, milk and dairy products, and condiments and seasonings) with vitamin A alone or in combination with other vitamins and minerals. We included the general population older than two years of age (including pregnant and lactating women) from any country. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently screened and assessed eligibility of studies for inclusion, extracted data from included studies and assessed their risk of bias. We used standard Cochrane methodology to carry out the review. Main results We included 10 randomised controlled trials involving 4455 participants. All the studies were conducted in low‐ and upper‐middle income countries where vitamin A deficiency was a public health issue. One of the included trials did not contribute data to the outcomes of interest. Three trials compared provision of staple foods fortified with vitamin A versus unfortified staple food, five trials compared provision of staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients versus unfortified staple foods, and two trials compared provision of staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients versus no intervention. No studies compared staple foods fortified with vitamin A alone versus no intervention. The duration of interventions ranged from three to nine months. We assessed six studies at high risk of bias overall. Government organisations, non‐governmental organisations, the private sector, and academic institutions funded the included studies; funding source does not appear to have distorted the results. Staple food fortified with vitamin A versus unfortified staple food We are uncertain whether fortifying staple foods with vitamin A alone makes little or no difference for serum retinol concentration (mean difference (MD) 0.03 μmol/L, 95% CI −0.06 to 0.12; 3 studies, 1829 participants; I² = 90%,  very low‐certainty evidence ). It is uncertain whether vitamin A alone reduces the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency (risk ratio (RR) 0.45, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.05; 2 studies; 993 participants; I² = 33%,  very low‐certainty evidence ). The certainty of the evidence was mainly affected by risk of bias, imprecision and inconsistency. It is uncertain whether vitamin A fortification reduces clinical vitamin A deficiency, defined as night blindness (RR 0.11, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.98; 1 study, 581 participants,  very low‐certainty evidence ). The certainty of the evidence was mainly affected by imprecision, inconsistency, and risk of bias. Staple foods fortified with vitamin A versus no intervention No studies provided data for this comparison. Staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients versus same unfortified staple foods Fortifying staple foods with vitamin A plus other micronutrients may not increase the serum retinol concentration (MD 0.08 μmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.06 to 0.22; 4 studies; 1009 participants; I² = 95%,  low‐certainty evidence ). The certainty of the evidence was mainly affected by serious inconsistency and risk of bias. In comparison to unfortified staple foods, fortification with vitamin A plus other micronutrients probably reduces the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency (RR 0.27, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.49; 3 studies; 923 participants; I² = 0%;  moderate‐certainty evidence ). The certainty of the evidence was mainly affected by serious risk of bias. Staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients versus no intervention Fortification of staple foods with vitamin A plus other micronutrients may increase serum retinol concentration (MD 0.22 μmol/L, 95% CI 0.15 to 0.30; 2 studies; 318 participants; I² = 0%;  low‐certainty evidence ). When compared to no intervention, it is uncertain whether the intervention reduces the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.98; 2 studies; 318 participants; I² = 0%;  very low‐certainty evidence ) . The certainty of the evidence was affected mainly by serious imprecision and risk of bias. No trials reported on the outcomes of all‐cause morbidity, all‐cause mortality, adverse effects, food intake, congenital anomalies (for pregnant women), or breast milk concentration (for lactating women). Authors' conclusions Fortifying staple foods with vitamin A alone may make little or no difference to serum retinol concentrations or the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency. In comparison with provision of unfortified foods, provision of staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients may not increase serum retinol concentration but probably reduces the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency. Compared to no intervention, staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other micronutrients may increase serum retinol concentration, although it is uncertain whether the intervention reduces the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency as the certainty of the evidence has been assessed as very low. It was not possible to estimate the effect of staple food fortification on outcomes such as mortality, morbidity, adverse effects, congenital anomalies, or breast milk vitamin A, as no trials included these outcomes. The type of funding source for the studies did not appear to distort the results from the analysis. Plain language summary Fortification of staple foods with vitamin A for vitamin A deficiency What is the aim of the review? We wanted to investigate the effects of fortifying common staple foods with vitamin A, with or without other micronutrients, in populations two years of age and older. Staple foods used in public health fortification programmes have included refined sugar, edible vegetable oils and fats, rice, wheat flour, maize flours and corn meals, condiments and seasonings, and powdered or liquid milk. We searched for all the possible information on this question and found 10 eligible studies. Key messages Fortifiying staple foods with vitamin A plus other micronutrients may increase the serum retinol concentrations (an indicator of vitamin A stores in the body) and reduce the risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency (those without clinical eye signs for risk of blinding undernutrition, detected through a serum/plasma retinol 70 μmol/L or less). However, adding vitamin A alone to the staple foods may have little or no effect on vitamin A status or deficiency. What was studied in this review? Vitamin A is an essential nutrient vital for good vision, cell growth, and immunity. Many people in low‐ and middle‐income countries have vitamin A deficiency, especially young children, pregnant women, and women of reproductive age, who may not get enough to eat to cover their increased nutritional demands. Long‐term deprivation of vitamin A could lead to visual impairment, blindness, common infections of the upper respiratory tract, diarrhoea, and measles. There are several strategies to combat the vitamin A deficiency, such as supplementing the diet with vitamin A capsules, adding vitamins and minerals in powder form to energy‐containing foods, eating more vitamin A‐rich foods, and fortifying staple foods with vitamin A during processing. This review focused on the effects of fortifying staple foods with vitamin A for reducing vitamin A deficiency and improving the health of the general population older than two years of age. What are the main results of the review? We found 10 relevant studies (involving 4455 participants) from China, India, the Philippines, Bangladesh, Thailand, and Mexico. Three studies provided one study group with staple foods fortified with vitamin A alone, and another group with the same unfortified staple foods. Five studies compared staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other vitamins and minerals versus the same unfortified staple food, and two studies compared staple foods fortified with vitamin A plus other vitamins and minerals versus no intervention. No studies compared staple foods fortified with vitamin A versus no intervention. Government agencies, private agencies, non‐governmental organisations, the private sector, and academic institutions funded the studies. The source of funding does not appear to have distorted the results. The effect of fortification of staple foods with vitamin A alone on vitamin A stores and on subclinical vitamin A deficiency is uncertain. It is uncertain whether this intervention might reduce clinical vitamin A deficiency (night blindness). We are moderately confident that fortifying staple foods with vitamin A and other micronutrients may not improve vitamin A status. However, children and adolescents in low‐ and middle‐income populations who eat foods fortified with vitamin A and other micronutrients may have a lower risk of subclinical vitamin A deficiency compared to those receiving unfortified staple foods. We do not know how vitamin A fortification affects other health indicators, such as the rate of disease in the population, mortality, adverse effects, food intake, birth defects (for pregnant women), or breast milk concentration for lactating women. We considered six of the included studies to be of poor methodological quality. The review authors searched for published studies up to July 2018.
 Dietary supplements for chronic gout;  Abstract - Background Dietary supplements are frequently used for the treatment of several medical conditions, both prescribed by physicians or self administered. However, evidence of benefit and safety of these supplements is usually limited or absent. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of dietary supplementation for people with chronic gout. Search methods We updated the original search by searching CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and four trials registers (August 2020). We applied no date or language restrictions. We also handsearched the abstracts from the 2010 to 2019 American College of Rheumatology and European League against Rheumatism conferences, and checked the references of all included studies. Selection criteria We considered all published randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs that compared dietary supplements with no supplements, placebo, another supplement, or pharmacological agents for adults with chronic gout for inclusion. Dietary supplements included, but were not limited to, amino acids, antioxidants, essential minerals, polyunsaturated fatty acids, prebiotic agents, probiotic agents, and vitamins. The major outcomes were acute gout flares, study withdrawal due to adverse events (AEs), serum uric acid (sUA) reduction, joint pain reduction, participant global assessment, total number of AEs, and tophus regression. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results Two previously included RCTs (160 participants) met our inclusion criteria; we did not identify any new trials for this update. As these two trials evaluated different diet supplements (enriched skim milk powder (SMP) and vitamin C) with different outcomes (gout flare prevention for enriched SMP, and sUA reduction for vitamin C), we reported the results separately. One trial (120 participants), at unclear risk of selection and detection bias, compared SMP enriched with glycomacropeptides (GMP) with un‐enriched SMP, and with lactose, over three months. Participants were predominantly men, aged in their 50s, who had severe gout. The results for all major outcomes were imprecise, except for pain. None of the results were clinically significant. The frequency of acute gout attacks, measured as the number of flares per month, decreased in all three groups over the three‐month study period. The effects of enriched SMP (SMP/GMP/G600) compared with the combined control groups (SMP and lactose powder) at three months in terms of mean number of gout flares per month were not clinically significant (mean (standard deviation (SD)) flares per month: 0.49 (1.52) in SMP/GMP/G600 group versus 0.70 (1.28) in the control groups; absolute risk difference: mean difference (MD) ‐0.21 flares per month, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.76 to 0.34; low‐quality evidence). The number of withdrawals due to adverse effects was similar between groups (7/40 in SMP/GMP/G600 group versus 11/80 in control groups; (risk ratio (RR) 1.27, 95% CI 0.53 to 3.03); there were 4% more withdrawals in the SMP/lactose groups (10% fewer to 18% more; low‐quality evidence). Serum uric acid reduction was similar across groups (mean (SD) ‐0.025 (0.067) mmol/L in SMP/GMP/G600 group versus ‐0.010 (0.069) in control groups; MD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.01; low‐quality evidence). Pain from self‐reported gout flares (measured on a 10‐point Likert scale) improved slightly more in the GMP/G600 SMP group compared with controls (mean (SD) ‐1.97 (2.28) in SMP/GMP/G600 group versus ‐0.94 (2.25) in control groups; MD ‐1.03, 95% CI ‐1.89 to ‐0.17). This was an absolute reduction of 10% (95% CI 20% to 1% reduction; low‐quality evidence), which may not be of clinical relevance. The risk of adverse events was similar between groups (19/40 in SMP/GMP/G600 group versus 39/80 in control groups; RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.45); the absolute risk difference was 1% fewer adverse events (1% fewer to 2% more), low‐quality evidence). Gastrointestinal events such as nausea, flatulence and diarrhoea were the most commonly reported adverse effects. Data for participant global assessment were not available for analysis; the study did not report tophus regression. One trial (40 participants), at high risk of selection, performance, and detection bias, compared vitamin C alone with allopurinol, and with allopurinol plus vitamin C, in a three‐arm study. We only included data from the vitamin C versus allopurinol comparison in this review. Participants were predominantly middle‐aged men, and their severity of gout was representative of gout in general. Allopurinol reduced sUA levels more than vitamin C (MD 0.10 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.15), low‐quality evidence. The study reported no adverse events; none of the participants withdrew due to adverse events. The study did not assess the rate of gout attacks, joint pain reduction, participant global assessment, or tophus regression. Authors' conclusions While dietary supplements may be widely used for gout, this review found no high‐quality that supported or refuted the use of glycomacropeptide‐enriched skim milk powder or vitamin C for adults with chronic gout. Plain language summary Dietary supplements for chronic gout What is gout, and what are dietary supplements? Gout is caused by crystal formation in the joints, due to high uric acid levels in the blood. People have attacks of painful, warm, and swollen joints, often in the big toe. Some people develop a large buildup of crystals just beneath the skin, known as tophi. A cure can be achieved if uric acid levels in the blood return to normal for a prolonged time, making the crystal deposits dissolve. Dietary supplements are preparations, such as vitamins, essential minerals, and probiotics. Few studies evaluate their benefits, fewer evaluate their harmful side effects. Study characteristics This review is an update of the original review, published in 2014. After searching the medical literature up to August 2020, we found no new studies this time. We kept the two studies from the original review. One study (120 participants) compared enriched skim milk powder (with peptides that are thought to probably have an anti‐inflammatory effect) to standard skim milk, and to lactose powder, to try to reduce the frequency of gout attacks. The second study (40 participants) compared vitamin C with allopurinol  –  a drug commonly used in gout in an effort to reduce the uric acid levels in blood. Both studies enrolled people with gout who were predominantly middle‐aged men. In the skim milk study, participants appeared to have severe gout, as they had frequent attacks, and 20% to 43% presented with tophi. Participants in the vitamin C study appeared similar to ordinary people with gout. Key results – what happens to people with gout who drink enriched skim milk powder? Gout attacks People who drank enriched skim milk powder for three months had 0.21 fewer gout attacks per month (from 0.76 fewer to 0.34 more), or 2.5 fewer gout attacks per year: ‐ People who drank enriched skim milk powder had 0.49 gout attacks per month (or six gout attacks per year). ‐ People who drank standard skim milk powder or lactose had 0.70 gout attacks per month (or eight gout attacks per year). Withdrawals due to adverse events Four more people out of 100 who drank enriched skim milk powder discontinued the supplement by three months (4% more withdrawals). ‐ 18 out of 100 stopped drinking enriched skim milk powder. ‐ 14 out of 100 stopped drinking standard skim milk powder or lactose. Number of adverse events People who drank enriched skim milk powder for three months had lesser adverse events (1% lesser adverse events) ‐ 47 out of 100 people who drank enriched skim milk powder had an adverse event. ‐ 48 out of 100 people who drank standard skim milk powder or lactose had an adverse event. Effects on serum uric acid levels, joint pain, and overall assessment by participants were uncertain. The effect on the disappearance of tophus was not measured. Key results – what happens to people with gout who take vitamin C? Serum uric acid levels ‐ People who took vitamin C showed a reduction in serum uric acid levels of 0.014 mmol/L after eight weeks (or 2.8% reduction) ‐ People who took allopurinol showed a reduction in serum uric acid levels of 0.118 mmol/L after eight weeks (or 23.6% reduction). There were no reports of side effects or withdrawals due to side effects in either treatment group. Effects of vitamin C on gout attacks, pain reduction, overall assessment by participants, and tophus disappearance were not measured. Quality of the evidence Overall, we found low‐quality evidence in both trials. We reduced the quality of the evidence because the trials were poorly conducted and reported, the sample sizes were small, and the results suggested both benefits and harms for most outcomes. Low‐quality evidence from one study indicated that enriched skim milk, compared with standard skim milk or lactose powder, may not reduce the frequency of gout attacks or improve uric acid levels, but may reduce pain. Further research is likely to change these estimates. We do not have precise information about side effects and complications, but possible side effects may include nausea, bloating or diarrhoea. Compared with the commonly used medicine, allopurinol, low‐quality evidence from one study showed that vitamin C reduced serum uric acid levels less; the difference was probably clinically unimportant. Other possible benefits of vitamin C are uncertain, as they were not evaluated in the study. No side effects were reported. Further research is likely to change these estimates.
 Pharmacological interventions for prevention and treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in newborn infants;  Abstract - Background Upper gastrointestinal bleeding is typically a mild, self‐limiting condition that can affect both preterm and term neonates, although it can be severe particularly when associated with co‐morbidities. Pharmacological interventions with a proton pump inhibitor (PPI), H2 receptor antagonist (H2RA), antacid, bismuth and sucralfate may have effects on both the prevention and treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in infants. Objectives To assess how different pharmacological interventions (PPIs, H2RAs, antacids, sucralfate or bismuth salts) administered to preterm and term neonates for the prevention or treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding to reduce morbidity and mortality compare with placebo or no treatment, supportive care, or each other. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 6), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 12 July 2018), Embase (1980 to 12 July 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 12 July 2018). We also searched clinical trial databases, conference proceedings, the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials, and online for Chinese literature articles . Selection criteria We selected randomised, quasi‐randomised and cluster‐randomised trials involving preterm and term neonates. Trials were included if they used a proton pump inhibitor, H2 receptor antagonist, antacid, sucralfate or bismuth either for the prevention or treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the eligibility of studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed methodological quality. We conducted meta‐analysis using a fixed‐effect model. We used the GRADE approach to assess quality of evidence. Main results Eleven studies with 818 infants met the criteria for inclusion in this review. Four trials with 329 infants assessed the use of an H2 receptor antagonist for prevention of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in high‐risk newborn infants. Meta‐analysis of these four trials identified a reduction in any upper gastrointestinal bleeding when using an H2 receptor antagonist (typical risk ratio (RR) 0.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 0.58; typical risk difference (RD) −0.20, 95% CI −0.28 to −0.11; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 5, 95% CI 4 to 9). The quality of evidence was moderate. A single trial with 53 infants assessing prevention of upper gastrointestinal bleeding reported no difference in mortality in infants assigned H2 receptor antagonist versus no treatment; however the quality of evidence was very low. Seven trials with 489 infants assessed an inhibitor of gastric acid (H2 receptor antagonist or proton pump inhibitor) for treatment of gastrointestinal bleeding in newborn infants. Meta‐analysis of two trials (131 infants) showed no difference in mortality from use of a H2 receptor antagonist compared to no treatment. The quality of evidence was low. Meta‐analysis of two trials (104 infants) showed a reduction in duration of upper gastrointestinal bleeding from use of an inhibitor of gastric acid compared to no treatment (mean difference −1.06 days, 95% CI −1.28 to −0.84). The quality of evidence was very low. Meta‐analysis of six trials (451 infants) showed a reduction in continued upper gastrointestinal bleeding from use of any inhibitor of gastric acid compared to no treatment (typical RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.49; typical RD −0.26, 95% CI −0.33, −0.19; NNTB 4, 95% CI 3 to 5). The quality of evidence was low. There were no significant subgroup differences in duration of upper gastrointestinal bleeding or of continued upper gastrointestinal bleeding according to type of inhibitor of gastric acid. A single trial (38 infants) reported no difference in anaemia requiring blood transfusion from use of a H2 receptor antagonist compared to no treatment. Although no serious adverse events were reported from the use of a H2 receptor antagonist or proton pump inhibitor, some neonatal morbidities — including necrotising enterocolitis, ventilator‐associated pneumonia, duration of ventilation and respiratory support, and duration of hospital stay — were not reported. Long‐term outcome was not reported. Authors' conclusions There is moderate‐quality evidence that use of an H2 receptor antagonist reduces the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding in newborn infants at high risk of gastrointestinal bleeding. There is low‐quality evidence that use of an inhibitor of gastric acid (H2 receptor antagonist or proton pump inhibitor) reduces the duration of upper gastrointestinal bleeding and the incidence of continued gastric bleeding in newborn infants with gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is no evidence that use of an inhibitor of gastric acid in newborn infants affects mortality or the need for blood transfusion. As no study reported the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis, ventilator‐ or hospital‐associated pneumonia, sepsis, or long‐term outcome, the safety of inhibitors of gastric acid secretion is unclear. Plain language summary Pharmacological interventions to prevent and treat upper gastrointestinal bleeding in neonates Review question   To assess how different medications for reducing stomach acidity (proton pump inhibitors, histamine 2 receptor antagonists, antacids) or for protecting the stomach lining (sucralfate or bismuth salts) given to preterm and term infants help to prevent or treat upper gastrointestinal bleeding, reduce suffering of other illnesses and deaths. Background   Upper gastrointestinal bleeding is common in sick newborns admitted to neonatal intensive care. It may be associated with reflux of milk (gastroesophageal reflux) or allergy to milk proteins. Common symptoms include vomiting of material which can be either bloodstained or like coffee grounds in appearance; and black, tarry stools. When occurring in otherwise well newborns it is typically a mild, self‐limiting condition. However, upper gastrointestinal bleeding can be severe particularly when associated with other underlying conditions. Study characteristics   We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs). The search is up to date as of 12 July 2018. Key results   We found 11 trials with 818 infants. We considered no trial to be at low risk of bias. Four trials included 329 infants in neonatal intensive care units and used a histamine 2 receptor antagonist for prevention of upper gastrointestinal bleeding. These four trials demonstrated a reduction in the incidence of upper gastrointestinal bleeding with a histamine 2 receptor antagonist, but no change in mortality. Outcomes such as serious gastrointestinal problems (e.g. necrotising enterocolitis) and infections were not reported. Seven trials with 489 infants enrolled sick newborn infants with upper gastrointestinal bleeding and used either a histamine 2 receptor antagonist or a proton pump inhibitor for treatment. Use of a histamine 2 receptor antagonist or proton pump inhibitor in a treatment context was associated with a reduction of both duration of upper gastrointestinal bleeding and continued upper gastrointestinal bleeding; however it did not affect mortality or requirement for blood transfusion. No long‐term follow‐up was reported. Although there is moderate‐quality evidence that use of an inhibitor of gastric acid reduces the incidence and duration of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in newborn infants, there is insufficient safety data in this population. The implication of this is that caution should be applied when deciding whether to use an inhibitor of gastric acid in sick newborn infants until additional studies are performed. Quality of the evidence   We graded the quality of evidence for prevention of upper gastrointestinal bleeding as low and moderate. We graded the quality of evidence for the treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding as low and very low.
 Fortification of staple foods with zinc for improving zinc status and other health outcomes in the general population;  Abstract - Background Zinc deficiency is a global nutritional problem, particularly in children and women residing in settings where diets are cereal based and monotonous. It has several negative health consequences. Fortification of staple foods with zinc may be an effective strategy for preventing zinc deficiency and improving zinc‐related health outcomes. Objectives To evaluate the beneficial and adverse effects of fortification of staple foods with zinc on health‐related outcomes and biomarkers of zinc status in the general population. Search methods We searched the following databases in April 2015: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, Issue 3 of 12, 2015, the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE & MEDLINE In Process (OVID) (1950 to 8 April 2015), EMBASE (OVID) (1974 to 8 April 2015), CINAHL (1982 to April 2015), Web of Science (1900 to 9 April 2015), BIOSIS (1969 to 9 April 2015), POPLINE (1970 to April 2015), AGRICOLA, OpenGrey, BiblioMap, and Trials Register of Promoting Health Interventions (TRoPHI), besides regional databases (April 2015) and theses. We also searched clinical trial registries (17 March 2015) and contacted relevant organisations (May 2014) in order to identify ongoing and unpublished studies. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials, randomised either at the level of the individual or cluster. We also included non‐randomised trials at the level of the individual if there was a concurrent comparison group. We included non‐randomised cluster trials and controlled before‐after studies only if there were at least two intervention sites and two control sites. Interventions included fortification (central/industrial) of staple foods (cereal flours, edible fats, sugar, condiments, seasonings, milk and beverages) with zinc for a minimum period of two weeks. Participants were members of the general population who were over two years of age (including pregnant and lactating women) from any country. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the eligibility of studies for inclusion, extracted data from included studies, and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Main results We included eight trials (709 participants); seven were from middle‐income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Four trials compared the effect of zinc‐fortified staple foods with unfortified foods (comparison 1), and four compared zinc‐fortified staple foods in combination with other nutrients/factors with the same foods containing other nutrients or factors without zinc (comparison 2). The interventions lasted between one and nine months. We categorised most trials as having unclear or high risk of bias for randomisation, but low risk of bias for blinding and attrition. None of the studies in comparison 1 reported data on zinc deficiency. Foods fortified with zinc increased the serum or plasma zinc levels in comparison to foods without added zinc (mean difference (MD) 2.12 µmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.25 to 3.00 µmol/L; 3 studies; 158 participants; low‐quality evidence). Participants consuming foods fortified with zinc versus participants consuming the same food without zinc had similar risk of underweight (average risk ratio 3.10, 95% CI 0.52 to 18.38; 2 studies; 397 participants; low‐quality evidence) and stunting (risk ratio (RR) 0.88, 95% CI 0.36 to 2.13; 2 studies; 397 participants; low‐quality evidence). A single trial of addition of zinc to iron in wheat flour did not find a reduction in proportion of zinc deficiency (RR 0.17, 95% CI 0.01 to 3.94; very low‐quality evidence). We did not find a difference in serum or plasma zinc levels in participants consuming foods fortified with zinc plus other micronutrients when compared with participants consuming the same foods with micronutrients but no added zinc (MD 0.03 µmol/L, 95% CI ‐0.67 to 0.72 µmol/L; 4 studies; 250 participants; low‐quality evidence). No trial in comparison 2 provided information about underweight or stunting. There was no reported adverse effect of fortification of foods with zinc on indicators of iron or copper status. Authors' conclusions Fortification of foods with zinc may improve the serum zinc status of populations if zinc is the only micronutrient used for fortification. If zinc is added to food in combination with other micronutrients, it may make little or no difference to the serum zinc status. Effects of fortification of foods with zinc on other outcomes including zinc deficiency, children’s growth, cognition, work capacity of adults, or on haematological indicators are unknown. Given the small number of trials and participants in each trial, further investigation of these outcomes is required. Plain language summary The effects of fortification of common foods with zinc on health outcomes Background It is believed that zinc deficiency is widespread globally, particularly in children and women living in low‐ and middle‐income countries. Cereal‐based foods are rich in dietary fibre and phytates, which reduce absorption of zinc from the intestine. As people in low‐income households eat a lot of cereal‐based foods, they are more likely to develop zinc deficiency. Fortification of common staple foods with zinc alone or in combination with other vitamins and minerals has been proposed as an intervention to increase intake of zinc in populations who consume these foods. Review question We evaluated the effects of fortification of staple foods with zinc on blood zinc levels and health‐related outcomes in the general population above two years of age. Study characteristics We included eight trials (709 participants); seven were from middle‐income countries of Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America where zinc deficiency is likely to be a public health problem. Key results and quality of the evidence The effect of fortification of foods with zinc on incidence of zinc deficiency is uncertain. Fortification of foods with zinc may slightly improve the blood zinc levels of populations if zinc is the only micronutrient used for fortification. Zinc added to food in combination with other micronutrients may make little or no difference to blood zinc levels. The fortification of foods with zinc may make little or no difference on incidence of underweight or stunting. The effects of fortification of foods with zinc on other outcomes, including wasting and weight/height, are unknown. Fortification of foods with zinc does not seem to have any adverse effect on indicators of iron or copper status. Most studies included in this review involved a small number of participants and were judged to be at low or unclear risk of bias. There were also some inconsistencies in the results across different studies.
 Behavioural interventions to promote workers' use of respiratory protective equipment;  Abstract - Background Respiratory hazards are common in the workplace. Depending on the hazard and exposure, the health consequences may include: mild to life‐threatening illnesses from infectious agents, acute effects ranging from respiratory irritation to chronic lung conditions, or even cancer from exposure to chemicals or toxins. Use of respiratory protective equipment (RPE) is an important preventive measure in many occupational settings. RPE only offers protection when worn properly, when removed safely and when it is either replaced or maintained regularly. The effectiveness of behavioural interventions either directed at employers or organisations or directed at individual workers to promote RPE use in workers remains an important unanswered question. Objectives To assess the effects of any behavioural intervention either directed at organisations or at individual workers on observed or self‐reported RPE use in workers when compared to no intervention or an alternative intervention. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Work Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 07), MEDLINE (1980 to 12 August 2016), EMBASE (1980 to 20 August 2016) and CINAHL (1980 to 12 August 2016). Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), controlled before and after (CBA) studies and interrupted time‐series (ITS) comparing behavioural interventions versus no intervention or any other behavioural intervention to promote RPE use in workers. Data collection and analysis Four authors independently selected relevant studies, assessed risk of bias and extracted data. We contacted investigators to clarify information. We pooled outcome data from included studies where the studies were sufficiently similar. Main results We included 14 studies that evaluated the effect of training and education on RPE use, which involved 2052 participants. The included studies had been conducted with farm, healthcare, production line, office and coke oven workers as well as nursing students and people with mixed occupations. All included studies reported the effects of interventions as use of RPE, as correct use of RPE or as indirect measures of RPE use. We did not find any studies where the intervention was delivered and assessed at the whole organization level or in which the main focus was on positive or negative incentives. We rated the quality of the evidence for all comparisons as low to very low. Training versus no training One CBA study in healthcare workers compared training with and without a fit test to no intervention. The study found that the rate of properly fitting respirators was not considerably different in the workers who had received training with a fit test (RR 1.17, 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 0.97 to 1.10) or training without a fit test (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.42) compared to those who had no training. Two RCTs that evaluated training did not contribute to the analyses because of lack of data. Conventional training plus additions versus conventional training alone One cluster‐randomised trial compared conventional training plus RPE demonstration versus training alone and reported no significant difference in appropriate use of RPE between the two groups (RR 1.41, 95% CI 0.96 to 2.07). One RCT compared interactive training with passive training, with an information screen, and an information book. The mean RPE performance score for the active group was not different from that of the passive group (MD 2.10, 95% CI ‐0.76 to 4.96). However, the active group scored significantly higher than the book group (MD 4.20, 95% CI 0.89 to 7.51) and the screen group (MD 7.00, 95% CI 4.06 to 9.94). One RCT compared computer‐simulation training with conventional personal protective equipment (PPE) training but reported only results for donning and doffing full‐body PPE. Education versus no education One RCT found that a multifaceted educational intervention increased the use of RPE (risk ratio (RR) 1.69, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.58) at three years' follow‐up when compared to no intervention. However, there was no difference between intervention and control at one year's, two years' or four years' follow‐up. Two RCTs did not report enough data to be included in the analysis. Four CBA studies evaluated the effectiveness of education interventions and found no effect on the frequency or correctness of RPE use, except in one study for the use of an N95 mask (RR 4.56, 95% CI 1.84 to 11.33, 1 CBA) in workers. Motivational interviewing versus traditional lectures One CBA study found that participants given motivational group interviewing‐based safety education scored higher on a checklist measuring PPE use (MD 2.95, 95% CI 1.93 to 3.97) than control workers given traditional educational sessions. Authors' conclusions There is very low quality evidence that behavioural interventions, namely education and training, do not have a considerable effect on the frequency or correctness of RPE use in workers. There were no studies on incentives or organisation level interventions. The included studies had methodological limitations and we therefore need further large RCTs with clearer methodology in terms of randomised sequence generation, allocation concealment and assessor blinding, in order to evaluate the effectiveness of behavioural interventions for improving the use of RPE at both organisational and individual levels. In addition, further studies should consider some of the barriers to the successful use of RPE, such as experience of health risk, types of RPE and the employer's attitude to RPE use. Plain language summary Ways to encourage workers to wear protective equipment to stop them breathing in harmful substances It is common at many workplaces for the air to contain substances that are harmful to health. These may include bacteria and viruses, various fumes and smoke, and dusts and particles such as asbestos or grain. Depending on what and how much of it is inhaled, the health consequences may vary from mild to life‐threatening. These consequences range from feelings of irritation to short‐ and long‐term illness including cancer. In many work settings respiratory protective equipment (RPE) is used to prevent workers from inhaling harmful substances. Various ways have been introduced to teach workers how to use RPE effectively. However it is unclear how well they work. Therefore, we wanted to find out if there are interventions that can encourage workers to use RPE correctly or more often. Studies found   We searched for relevant research studies up to 20 August 2016. We found 14 studies that analysed the effectiveness of behavioural interventions to promote RPE use. We also located one ongoing study. Studies had been conducted with 2052 farm, healthcare, production line, office and coke oven workers as well as nursing students and people with mixed occupations. We did not find any studies where the researchers conducted and assessed an intervention at the level of a whole organization. What the research says   All included studies compared different education and training interventions to encourage workers to use RPE correctly or more often. We found very low quality evidence that behavioural interventions such as education and training do not increase the number of workers that use RPE or that use RPE correctly. What is the bottom line   We conclude that there is low to very low quality evidence that behavioural interventions do not encourage workers to use RPE correctly or more often. It is likely that our conclusions will change when new studies are published. We need better quality studies that look at the effectiveness of different types of interventions. These interventions should be targeted at both individuals and organisations, to improve effective RPE use. In addition, further studies should consider some of the barriers to the successful use of RPE, such as experience of health risk, types of RPE and the employer's attitude to RPE use.
 Comparison of different protein concentrations of human milk fortifier for promoting growth and neurological development in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Human milk alone may provide inadequate amounts of protein to meet the growth requirements of preterm infants because of restrictions in the amount of fluid they can tolerate. It has become common practice to feed preterm infants with breast milk fortified with protein and other nutrients but there is debate about the optimal concentration of protein in commercially available fortifiers. Objectives To compare the effects of different protein concentrations in human milk fortifier, fed to preterm infants, on growth and neurodevelopment. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search CENTRAL (2019, Issue 8), Ovid MEDLINE and CINAHL on 15 August 2019. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria We included all published and unpublished randomised, quasi‐randomised and cluster‐randomised trials comparing two different concentrations of protein in human milk fortifier. We included preterm infants (less than 37 weeks' gestational age). Participants may have been exclusively fed human milk or have been supplemented with formula. The concentration of protein was classified as low (< 1g protein/100 mL expressed breast milk (EBM)), moderate (≥ 1g to < 1.4g protein/100 mL EBM) or high (≥ 1.4g protein/100 mL EBM). We excluded trials that compared two protein concentrations that fell within the same category. Data collection and analysis We undertook data collection and analyses using the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal. Two review authors independently evaluated trials. Primary outcomes included growth, neurodevelopmental outcome and mortality. Data were synthesised using risk ratios (RR), risk differences and mean differences (MD), with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We identified nine trials involving 861 infants. There is one trial awaiting classification, and nine ongoing trials. The trials were mostly conducted in infants born < 32 weeks' gestational age or < 1500 g birthweight, or both. All used a fortifier derived from bovine milk. Two trials fed infants exclusively with mother's own milk, three trials gave supplementary feeds with donor human milk and four trials supplemented with preterm infant formula. Overall, trials were small but generally at low or unclear risk of bias. High versus moderate protein concentration of human milk fortifier There was moderate certainty evidence that a high protein concentration likely increased in‐hospital weight gain compared to moderate concentration of human milk fortifier (MD 0.66 g/kg/day, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.82; trials = 6, participants = 606). The evidence was very uncertain about the effect of high versus moderate protein concentration on length gain (MD 0.01 cm/week, 95% CI –0.01 to 0.03; trials = 5, participants = 547; very low certainty evidence) and head circumference gain (MD 0.00 cm/week, 95% CI –0.01 to 0.02; trials = 5, participants = 549; very low certainty evidence). Only one trial reported neonatal mortality, with no deaths in either group (participants = 45). Moderate versus low protein concentration of human milk fortifier A moderate versus low protein concentration fortifier may increase weight gain (MD 2.08 g/kg/day, 95% CI 0.38 to 3.77; trials = 2, participants = 176; very low certainty evidence) with little to no effect on head circumference gain (MD 0.13 cm/week, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.26; I² = 85%; trials = 3, participants = 217; very low certainty evidence), but the evidence is very uncertain. There was low certainty evidence that a moderate protein concentration may increase length gain (MD 0.09 cm/week, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.14; trials = 3, participants = 217). Only one trial reported mortality and found no difference between groups (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.05 to 5.17; participants = 112). No trials reported long term growth or neurodevelopmental outcomes including cerebral palsy and developmental delay. Authors' conclusions Feeding preterm infants with a human milk fortifier containing high amounts of protein (≥ 1.4g/100 mL EBM) compared with a fortifier containing moderate protein concentration (≥ 1 g to < 1.4 g/100 mL EBM) results in small increases in weight gain during the neonatal admission. There may also be small increases in weight and length gain when infants are fed a fortifier containing moderate versus low protein concentration (< 1 g protein/100 mL EBM). The certainty of this evidence is very low to moderate; therefore, results may change when the findings of ongoing studies are available. There is insufficient evidence to assess the impact of protein concentration on adverse effects or long term outcomes such as neurodevelopment. Further trials are needed to determine whether modest increases in weight gain observed with higher protein concentration fortifiers are associated with benefits or harms to long term growth and neurodevelopment. Plain language summary Comparison of different protein concentrations of human milk fortifier for promoting growth and neurological development in preterm infants Review question Among preterm infants, does the amount of protein used to fortify breast milk feeds result in any difference in growth and neurodevelopmental (development of the brain to improve performance or functioning (e.g. intelligence, reading ability, social skills, memory, attention or focus skills) outcomes? Background Breast milk is the best form of nutrition for preterm infants. However, as preterm infants often have difficulties tolerating large amounts of milk, they may not get the recommended amounts of protein from breast milk alone. It has become common clinical practice to fortify breast milk for preterm infants with additional nutrients with a product known as human milk fortifier. Over time the amount (concentration) of protein used in human milk fortifiers has increased, but there is debate about what the optimal protein concentration of human milk fortifier is. Study characteristics This review included nine trials involving 861 infants. Six trials compared a high versus moderate concentration of protein in the human milk fortifier, and three trials compared a moderate versus low concentration of protein. Our main outcomes were growth (e.g. weight, length, head circumference), neurodevelopment and death. Reporting was incomplete for all outcomes; most were at low or unclear risk of bias. The search is up to date as of August 2019. Key results Feeding preterm infants with a human milk fortifier that contains a high protein concentration versus a moderate protein concentration resulted in small increases in weight gain but not length gain or head growth during hospital admission after birth. There were small increases in weight gain and length gain in infants fed a human milk fortifier that contained moderate concentrations of protein compared with low concentrations. There was no clear effect of protein concentration on infant death during the initial hospitalisation. There were only limited data on other health outcomes, and this evidence suggests the amount of protein in human milk fortifier does not affect the risk of infections or feeding or bowel problems. There were no available trial data about infant growth after hospital discharge, or long term development. Conclusions Although there was some evidence that use of human milk fortifiers with a high or moderate protein concentration are associated with small increases in weight gain during hospital stay, there are no data about the impact on growth after the hospital admission or on developmental outcomes. Further well designed trials are needed to determine whether the amount of protein in human milk fortifiers is associated with benefits or harms in the longer term. Certainty of the evidence The certainty of this evidence was very low to moderate due to inconsistent results reported by some trials and potential bias related to the way some trials were conducted.
 Higher versus lower protein intake in formula‐fed low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background The ideal quantity of dietary protein for formula‐fed low birth weight infants is still a matter of debate. Protein intake must be sufficient to achieve normal growth without leading to negative effects such as acidosis, uremia, and elevated levels of circulating amino acids. Objectives To determine whether higher (≥ 3.0 g/kg/d) versus lower (< 3.0 g/kg/d) protein intake during the initial hospital stay of formula‐fed preterm infants or low birth weight infants (< 2.5 kilograms) results in improved growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes without evidence of short‐ or long‐term morbidity. Specific objectives were to examine the following comparisons of interventions and to conduct subgroup analyses if possible. 1. Low protein intake if the amount was less than 3.0 g/kg/d. 2. High protein intake if the amount was equal to or greater than 3.0 g/kg/d but less than 4.0 g/kg/d. 3. Very high protein intake if the amount was equal to or greater than 4.0 g/kg/d. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2019, Issue 8), in the Cochrane Library (August 2, 2019); OVID MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE(R) Daily, and Ovid MEDLINE(R) (to August 2, 2019); MEDLINE via PubMed (to August 2, 2019) for the previous year; and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) (to August 2, 2019). We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐randomized trials. Selection criteria We included RCTs contrasting levels of formula protein intake as low (< 3.0 g/kg/d), high (≥ 3.0 g/kg/d but < 4.0 g/kg/d), or very high (≥ 4.0 g/kg/d) in formula‐fed hospitalized neonates weighing less than 2.5 kilograms. We excluded studies if infants received partial parenteral nutrition during the study period, or if infants were fed formula as a supplement to human milk. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane and the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We identified six eligible trials that enrolled 218 infants through searches updated to August 2, 2019. Five studies compared low (< 3 g/kg/d) versus high (3.0 to 4.0 g/kg/d) protein intake using formulas that kept other nutrients constant. The trials were small (n = 139), and almost all had methodological limitations; the most frequent uncertainty was about attrition. Low‐certainty evidence suggests improved weight gain (mean difference [MD] 2.36 g/kg/d, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.31 to 3.40) and higher nitrogen accretion in infants receiving formula with higher protein content (3.0 to 4.0 g/kg/d) versus lower protein content (< 3 g/kg/d), while other nutrients were kept constant. No significant differences were seen in rates of necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, or diarrhea. We are uncertain whether high versus low protein intake affects head growth (MD 0.37 cm/week, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.58; n = 18) and length gain (MD 0.16 cm/week, 95% CI ‐0.02 to 0.34; n = 48), but sample sizes were small for these comparisons. One study compared high (3.0 to 4.0 g/kg/d) versus very high (≥ 4 g/kg/d) protein intake (average intakes were 3.6 and 4.1 g/kg/d) during and after an initial hospital stay (n = 77). Moderate‐certainty evidence shows no significant differences in weight gain or length gain to discharge, term, and 12 weeks corrected age from very high protein intake (4.1 versus 3.6 g/kg/d). Three of the 24 infants receiving very high protein intake developed uremia. Authors' conclusions Higher protein intake (≥ 3.0 g/kg/d but < 4.0 g/kg/d) from formula accelerates weight gain. However, limited information is available regarding the impact of higher formula protein intake on long‐term outcomes such as neurodevelopment. Research is needed to investigate the safety and effectiveness of protein intake ≥ 4.0 g/kg/d. Plain language summary Higher versus lower protein intake in formula‐fed low birth weight infants Review question Does feeding preterm or low birth weight infants (< 2.5 kilograms) higher protein intake during the initial hospital stay improve growth and developmental outcomes? Background Infants grow quickly and need more protein for each kilogram of body weight than older children and adults. Infants born with low birth weight, for example, those who are born prematurely, need more protein because of their fast growth rates. Study characteristics We identified six eligible trials that enrolled a total of 218 infants through searches updated to August 2, 2019. Key results Higher protein intake (3 to 4 versus less than 3 grams of protein per kilogram) resulted in slightly greater weight gain, of around 2 grams per kilogram per day. We are uncertain whether this difference in protein intake affects head and length growth because not many infants were studied. Existing research does support specific recommendations regarding formula with protein content that provides more than 4 g/kg/d. No harmful effects were observed. Certainty of evidence The review was limited in the conclusions made because differences in protein content among comparison groups in some individual trials were small and formulas differed substantially across studies; some studies included healthier and more mature preterm infants. Information on long‐term outcomes is limited.
 Interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer in women;  Abstract - Background The proportion of people living with and surviving cancer is growing. This has led to increased awareness of the importance of quality of life, including sexual function, in those affected by cancer. Sexual dysfunction is a potential long‐term complication of many cancer treatments. This includes treatments that have a direct impact on the pelvic area and genitals, and also treatments that have a more generalised (systemic) impact on sexual function. This is an update of the original Cochrane review published in Issue 4, 2007, on interventions for treating sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer for men and women. Since publication in 2007, there has been an increase in the number of trials for both men and women and this current review critiques only those for women. A review in press will present those for men. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of interventions for treating sexual dysfunction in women following treatments for cancer. To assess adverse events associated with interventions. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2015, Issue 9), MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, AMED, CINAHL, Dissertation Abstracts and the NHS Research Register. The searches were originally run in January 2007 and we updated these to September 2015. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effectiveness of a treatment for sexual dysfunction. The trial participants were women who had developed sexual dysfunction as a consequence of a cancer treatment. We sought evaluations of interventions that were pharmaceutical, mechanical, psychotherapeutic, complementary or that involved physical exercise. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted the data and assessed trial quality. We considered meta‐analysis for trials with comparable key characteristics. Main results Since the original version of this review we have identified 11 new studies in women. The one study identified in the earlier version of this review was excluded in this update as it did not meet our narrower inclusion criteria to include only interventions for the treatment, not prevention, of sexual dysfunction. In total 1509 female participants were randomised across 11 trials. All trials explored interventions following treatment either for gynaecological or breast cancer. Eight trials evaluated a psychotherapeutic or psycho‐educational intervention. Two trials evaluated a pharmaceutical intervention and one pelvic floor exercises. All involved heterosexual women. Eight studies were at a high risk of bias as they involved a sample of fewer than 50 participants per trial arm. The trials varied not only in intervention content but in outcome measurements, thereby restricting combined analysis. In the trials evaluating a psychotherapeutic intervention the effect on sexual dysfunction was mixed; in three trials benefit was found for some measures of sexual function and in five trials no benefit was found. Evidence from the other three trials, two on different pharmaceutical applications and one on exercise, differed and was limited by small sample sizes. Only the trial of a pH‐balanced vaginal gel found significant improvements in sexual function. The trials of pharmaceutical interventions measured harm: neither reported any. Only one psychological intervention trial reported that no harm occurred because of the intervention; the other trials of psychological support did not measure harm. Authors' conclusions Since the last version of this review, the new studies do not provide clear information on the impact of interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer in women. The sexual dysfunction interventions in this review are not representative of the range that is available for women, or of the wider range of cancers in which treatments are known to increase the risk of sexual problems. Further evaluations are needed. Plain language summary Interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer Background In women sexual dysfunction is a potential complication of many types of cancer treatments. This review evaluated the effectiveness of treatments (interventions) of any kind, for example drugs or exercise, for treating sexual dysfunction in women following cancer treatment. The review is an update of one published in 2007 that assessed the effectiveness of interventions for men and women. We decided to present this revised review separately for women because of the increase in the number of trials. Another review for men is underway. Study characteristics We identified 11 new trials on interventions for women in September 2015. We excluded one trial that was included in the earlier version of this review because it assessed treatment for preventing sexual dysfunction and was no longer relevant to this review. Interventions differed in their content and how the researchers measured benefit. Eight of the interventions involved psychological support such as counselling on sexual matters, or peer support. One of the others was of a testosterone cream, another tested a vaginal pH‐balanced gel and the other was of pelvic floor exercise. The findings from six of the trials are weak because they involved small numbers of women. Key results Across the trials the impact on sexual function was different. This makes it difficult to derive clear conclusions. For instance, in those that evaluated a psychological support treatment, four studies found that it improved some measures of sexual function but not others, but five found that it did not improve sexual function according to any of the measures used. For the other interventions tested, only the trial of the vaginal gel found improvements in sexual function and no side effects were reported. Only one of the psychological interventions reported that no harm occurred because of the intervention. The other trials of psychological support did not assess harm. This is an important gap as some women may find it distressing to discuss personal sexual problems as part of their treatment. Further evaluations are needed for all interventions. Current studies have only explored effectiveness in women with gynaecological and breast cancers, but there is a risk of sexual problems after treatments for other cancers. New evaluations need to involve larger numbers of participants.
 Vegan dietary pattern for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases;  Abstract - Background Diet plays a major role in the aetiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and as a modifiable risk factor is the focus of many prevention strategies. Recently vegan diets have gained popularity and there is a need to synthesise existing clinical trial evidence for their potential in CVD prevention. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of following a vegan dietary pattern for the primary and secondary prevention of CVD. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases on 4 February 2020: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase and Web of Science Core Collection. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov in January 2021. We applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD (primary prevention) and those with established CVD (secondary prevention). A vegan dietary pattern excludes meat, fish, eggs, dairy and honey; the intervention could be dietary advice, provision of relevant foods, or both. The comparison group received either no intervention, minimal intervention, or another dietary intervention. Outcomes included clinical events and CVD risk factors. We included only studies with follow‐up periods of 12 weeks or more, defined as the intervention period plus post‐intervention follow‐up. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed risks of bias. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. We conducted three main comparisons: 1. Vegan dietary intervention versus no intervention or minimal intervention for primary prevention; 2. Vegan dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for primary prevention; 3. Vegan dietary intervention versus another dietary intervention for secondary prevention. Main results Thirteen RCTs (38 papers, 7 trial registrations) and eight ongoing trials met our inclusion criteria. Most trials contributed to primary prevention: comparisons 1 (four trials, 466 participants randomised) and comparison 2 (eight trials, 409 participants randomised). We included only one secondary prevention trial for comparison 3 (63 participants randomised). None of the trials reported on clinical endpoints. Other primary outcomes included lipid levels and blood pressure. For comparison 1 there was moderate‐certainty evidence from four trials with 449 participants that a vegan diet probably led to a small reduction in total cholesterol (mean difference (MD) −0.24 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0.36 to −0.12) and low‐density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (MD −0.22 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.32 to −0.11), a very small decrease in high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) levels (MD −0.08 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.11 to −0.04) and a very small increase in triglyceride levels (MD 0.11 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.21). The very small changes in HDL and triglyceride levels are in the opposite direction to that expected. There was a lack of evidence for an effect with the vegan dietary intervention on systolic blood pressure (MD 0.94 mmHg, 95% CI −1.18 to 3.06; 3 trials, 374 participants) and diastolic blood pressure (MD −0.27 mmHg, 95% CI −1.67 to 1.12; 3 trials, 372 participants) (low‐certainty evidence). For comparison 2 there was a lack of evidence for an effect of the vegan dietary intervention on total cholesterol levels (MD −0.04 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.28 to 0.20; 4 trials, 163 participants; low‐certainty evidence). There was probably little or no effect of the vegan dietary intervention on LDL (MD −0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.21 to 0.11; 4 trials, 244 participants) or HDL cholesterol levels (MD −0.01 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.08 to 0.05; 5 trials, 256 participants) or triglycerides (MD 0.21 mmol/L, 95% CI −0.07 to 0.49; 5 trials, 256 participants) compared to other dietary interventions (moderate‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain about any effect of the vegan dietary intervention on systolic blood pressure (MD 0.02 mmHg, 95% CI −3.59 to 3.62)  or diastolic blood pressure (MD 0.63 mmHg, 95% CI −1.54 to 2.80; 5 trials, 247 participants (very low‐certainty evidence)). Only one trial (63 participants) contributed to comparison 3, where there was a lack of evidence for an effect of the vegan dietary intervention on lipid levels or blood pressure compared to other dietary interventions (low‐ or very low‐certainty evidence). Four trials reported on adverse events, which were absent or minor. Authors' conclusions Studies were generally small with few participants contributing to each comparison group. None of the included studies report on CVD clinical events. There is currently insufficient information to draw conclusions about the effects of vegan dietary interventions on CVD risk factors. The eight ongoing studies identified will add to the evidence base, with all eight reporting on primary prevention. There is a paucity of evidence for secondary prevention. Plain language summary Vegan diets for the prevention of cardiovascular disease Background It is well known that diet plays a major role in cardiovascular disease risk. This review assesses the effects of providing dietary advice to follow a vegan diet (excluding all meat, fish, eggs, dairy and honey) or providing foods relevant to the diet (or both) to healthy adults, to people at increased risk of cardiovascular disease and to those with cardiovascular disease, in order to prevent new or recurrent cardiovascular disease, and to reduce the risk factors associated with it. Study characteristics We searched key databases of medical studies up to February 2020 and found 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) (in 38 papers) that met our criteria. We grouped studies into the following three categories to help us with our interpretation of the results: 1. Vegan dietary intervention compared to no intervention or a minimal intervention to prevent the onset of cardiovascular disease; 2. Vegan dietary intervention compared to another dietary intervention to prevent the onset of cardiovascular disease; 3. Vegan dietary intervention compared to another dietary intervention for people with existing cardiovascular disease, to prevent recurrence. Key results None of the trials reported on the occurrence of cardiovascular disease either in those with or without disease to begin with. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were reported in the included studies. There was moderate‐certainty evidence for some small reductions in lipid levels with the vegan diet compared to no or minimal intervention in people without disease, but also some very small changes in measures in the opposite direction for cardiovascular benefit. In people who already had cardiovascular disease there was very limited information, as only one trial met our criteria. Four trials reported on side effects of the diet, which were either absent or minor. Certainty of the evidence Most studies had limitations in study design, so the evidence should be interpreted cautiously. In particular, the overall number of people who took part in the studies was too small to rule out the possibility of chance findings, and too small to pick up any differences in effect on our measures. Conclusions The review concludes that there is no information currently about the effects of a vegan diet on cardiovascular disease occurrence. There is limited information on the effects of the diet on those who already have cardiovascular disease, and mixed results about risk factors for those without disease. We found eight studies that are still ongoing, and when we have the results from these we will incorporate them into the review to help reduce the uncertainty.
 Dressings and topical agents for the management of open wounds after surgical treatment for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus;  Abstract - Background Sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease is a common debilitating condition that predominantly affects young adults, with a profound impact on their activities of daily living. The condition is treated surgically, and in some cases the wound in the natal cleft is left open to heal by itself. Many dressings and topical agents are available to aid healing of these wounds. Objectives To assess the effects of dressings and topical agents for the management of open wounds following surgical treatment for sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus in any care setting. Search methods In March 2021, we searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and EBSCO CINAHL Plus. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and we scanned reference lists of included studies, reviews, meta‐analyses and health technology reports to identify additional studies. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication or study setting. Selection criteria We included parallel‐group randomised controlled trials (RCTs) only. We included studies with participants who had undergone any type of sacrococcygeal pilonidal sinus disease surgery and were left with an open wound. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 11 RCTs comprising 932 participants. Two studies compared topical negative pressure wound therapy (TNPWT) with conventional open wound healing, two studies compared platelet‐rich plasma with sterile absorbent gauze, and the other seven studies compared various dressings and topical agents. All studies were at high risk of bias in at least one domain, whilst one study was judged to be at low risk of bias in all but one domain. All studies were conducted in secondary care. Mean participant ages were between 20 and 30 years, and nearly 80% of participants were male. No studies provided data on quality of life, cost‐effectiveness, pain at first dressing change or proportion of wounds healed at 6 or 12 months, and very few adverse effects were recorded in any study. It is unclear whether TNPWT reduces time to wound healing compared with conventional open wound healing (comparison 1), as the certainty of evidence is very low. The two studies provided conflicting results, with one study showing benefit (mean difference (MD) −24.01 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) −35.65 to −12.37; 19 participants), whilst the other reported no difference. It is also unclear whether TNPWT has any effect on the proportion of wounds healed by 30 days (risk ratio (RR) 3.60, 95% CI 0.49 to 26.54; 19 participants, 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). Limited data were available for our secondary outcomes time to return to normal daily activities and recurrence rate; we do not know whether TNPWT has any effect on these outcomes. Lietofix cream may increase the proportion of wounds that heal by 30 days compared with an iodine dressing (comparison 4; RR 8.06, 95% CI 1.05 to 61.68; 205 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on time to wound healing. We do not know whether hydrogel dressings reduce time to wound healing compared with wound cleaning with 10% povidone iodine (comparison 5; MD −24.54 days, 95% CI −47.72 to −1.36; 31 participants, 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on the proportion of wounds healed. It is unclear whether hydrogel dressings have any effect on adverse effects as the certainty of the evidence is very low. Platelet‐rich plasma may reduce time to wound healing compared with sterile absorbent gauze (comparison 6; MD −19.63 days, 95% CI −34.69 to −4.57; 210 participants, 2 studies; low‐certainty evidence). No studies provided data on the proportion of wounds healed. Platelet‐rich plasma may reduce time to return to normal daily activities (MD −15.49, 95% CI −28.95 to −2.02; 210 participants, 2 studies; low‐certainty evidence). Zinc oxide mesh may make little or no difference to time to wound healing compared with placebo (comparison 2; median 54 days in the zinc oxide mesh group versus 62 days in the placebo mesh group; low‐certainty evidence). We do not know whether zinc oxide mesh has an effect on the proportion of wounds healed by 30 days as the certainty of the evidence is very low (RR 2.35, 95% CI 0.49 to 11.23). It is unclear whether gentamicin‐impregnated collagen sponge reduces time to wound healing compared with no dressing (comparison 7; MD −1.40 days, 95% CI −5.05 to 2.25; 50 participants, 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The study did not provide data on the proportion of wounds healed. Dialkylcarbamoyl chloride (DACC)‐coated dressings may make little or no difference to time to wound healing compared with alginate dressings (comparison 8; median 69 (95% CI 62 to 72) days in the DACC group versus 71 (95% CI 69 to 85) days in the alginate group; 1 study, 246 participants; low‐certainty evidence). One study compared a polyurethane foam hydrophilic dressing with an alginate dressing (comparison 3) whilst another study compared a hydrocolloid dressing with an iodine dressing (comparison 9). It is unclear whether either intervention has any effect on time to wound healing as the certainty of evidence is very low. Authors' conclusions At present, the evidence that any of the dressings or topical agents contained in this review have a benefit on time to wound healing, the proportion of wounds that heal at a specific time point or on any of the secondary outcomes of our review ranges from low certainty to very low certainty. There is low‐certainty evidence on the benefit on wound healing of platelet‐rich plasma from two studies and of Lietofix cream and hydrogel dressings from single studies. Further studies are required to investigate these interventions further.   Plain language summary How effective are dressings and topical agents in the management of wounds after surgical treatment for pilonidal sinus of the buttocks? Key messages ‐ Platelet‐rich plasma (part of the participant's own blood that promotes tissue regeneration) may reduce time to wound healing compared with sterile gauze ‐ Lietofix skin repair cream may help wounds to heal by 30 days compared with a dressing with iodine (which helps to reduce bacteria in the wound) ‐ It is not clear whether hydrogel dressings (designed to keep the wound moist) reduce time to wound healing compared with wound cleaning with iodine What is pilonidal sinus disease of the buttocks? Pilonidal sinus disease of the buttocks is a common painful condition that mainly affects young adults. It occurs in the natal cleft (the groove between the buttocks). It begins as infected or inflamed hair follicles. A vacuum effect, created by the motion of the buttocks, may draw more hairs down into the inflamed area. Symptoms can be very painful and sometimes last for a long time. How is pilonidal sinus of the buttocks treated? The condition is often treated surgically, by cutting out the inflamed area containing the hair and debris, and in some cases the wounds are not closed by stitches but left open to heal naturally. A lot of dressings and topical agents (creams or lotions) are available to help these wounds heal. What did we want to find out? We wanted to see which dressings and topical agents are better for treating open wounds after surgical treatment for pilonidal sinus of the buttocks.   For each intervention we looked at: ‐ how long it took wounds to heal; ‐ the number of wounds healed after 30 days, 6 months and 1 year; ‐ whether the wounds came back; ‐ how long it took people who had been treated to return to normal daily activities; ‐ quality of life; ‐ value for money; ‐ pain during the first dressing change; ‐ harmful effects (for example surgical site infection or allergic reaction) after treatment. What did we do? We included participants of any age and either sex who had been treated in any care setting. We searched for studies where: ‐ participants had been treated for pilonidal sinus disease of the buttocks and were left with an open wound; ‐ different dressings and topical agents were compared to see how effective they were for helping wounds to heal.  What did we find? We included 11 studies with a combined total of 932 participants. Two studies compared topical negative pressure wound therapy (which applies controlled suction to the surface of the wound) with simple wound dressings. Two studies compared platelet‐rich plasma with sterile absorbent gauze. The other seven studies compared various dressings and topical agents. All the studies took place in hospitals. ‐ No studies provided data on quality of life, value for money or pain at the first dressing change. ‐ We do not know if topical negative pressure wound therapy helps wounds to heal faster than simple wound dressings. ‐ Lietofix skin repair cream may help wounds to heal by 30 days. ‐ We do not know if hydrogel dressings help wounds to heal faster or protect better against surgical site infection compared with wound cleaning with 10% povidone iodine. ‐ Platelet‐rich plasma may reduce the time to wound healing compared with sterile absorbent gauze.  ‐ Compared with placebo mesh, mesh with zinc oxide (which is thought to have healing properties) may have little or no effect on whether wounds heal by 30 days, and it is unclear if it reduces the time to wound healing. ‐ We do not know if collagen sponge soaked in antibiotic has any effect on the time to wound healing compared with no dressing. ‐ Dressings coated with dialkylcarbamoyl chloride (a substance that bacteria sticks to) may make little to no difference to wound healing time compared with alginate dressings (derived from seaweed).  What are the limitations of the evidence? We are not very confident in the evidence because there were only one or two studies in each comparison and most of the studies were very small. It is also possible that people in the studies were aware of what treatment they were getting. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence in this review is up to date to March 2021.
 Probiotics for treating eczema;  Abstract - Background Eczema is a common chronic skin condition. Probiotics have been proposed as an effective treatment for eczema; their use is increasing, as numerous clinical trials are under way. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2008, which suggested that probiotics may not be an effective treatment for eczema but identified areas in which evidence was lacking. Objectives To assess the effects of probiotics for treating patients of all ages with eczema. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to January 2017: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), in the Cochrane Library, the Global Resource of Eczema Trials (GREAT) database, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, the Allied and Complementary Medicine Database (AMED), and Latin American Caribbean Health Sciences Literature (LILACS). We searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also handsearched a number of conference proceedings. We updated the searches of the main databases in January 2018 and of trials registries in March 2018, but we have not yet incorporated these results into the review. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of probiotics (live orally ingested micro‐organisms) compared with no treatment, placebo, or other active intervention with no probiotics for the treatment of eczema diagnosed by a doctor. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures as expected by Cochrane. We recorded adverse events from the included studies and from a separate adverse events search conducted for the first review. We formally assessed reporting bias by preparing funnel plots, and we performed trial sequential analysis for the first primary outcome ‐ eczema symptoms at the end of active treatment. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome (in  italic font ). Main results We included 39 randomised controlled trials involving 2599 randomised participants. We included participants of either gender, aged from the first year of life through to 55 years (only six studies assessed adults), who had mild to severe eczema. Trials were undertaken in primary and secondary healthcare settings, mainly in Europe or Asia. Duration of treatment ranged from four weeks to six months, and duration of follow‐up after end of treatment ranged from zero to 36 months. We selected no standard dose: researchers used a variety of doses and concentrations of probiotics. The probiotics used were bacteria of the  Lactobacillus  and  Bifidobacteria  species, which were taken alone or combined with other probiotics, and were given with or without prebiotics .  Comparators were no treatment, placebo, and other treatments with no probiotics. For all results described in this abstract, the comparator was no probiotics. Active treatment ranged from six weeks to three months for all of the following results, apart from the investigator‐rated eczema severity outcome, for which the upper limit of active treatment was 16 weeks. With regard to score, the higher the score, the more severe were the symptoms. All key results reported in this abstract were measured at the end of active treatment, except for adverse events, which were measured during the active treatment period. Probiotics probably make little or no difference in participant‐ or parent‐rated symptoms of eczema (13 trials; 754 participants): symptom severity on a scale from 0 to 20 was 0.44 points lower after probiotic treatment (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.22 to 0.33;  moderate‐quality evidence ). Trial sequential analysis shows that target sample sizes of 258 and 456, which are necessary to demonstrate a minimum mean difference of ‐2 and ‐1.5, respectively, with 90% power, have been exceeded, suggesting that further trials with similar probiotic strains for this outcome at the end of active treatment may be futile. We found no evidence suggesting that probiotics make a difference in QoL for patients with eczema (six studies; 552 participants; standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.03, 95% CI ‐0.36 to 0.42;  low‐quality evidence ) when measured by the participant or the parent using validated disease‐specific QoL instruments. Probiotics may slightly reduce investigator‐rated eczema severity scores (24 trials; 1596 participants). On a scale of 0 to 103 for total Severity Scoring of Atopic Dermatitis (SCORAD), a score combining investigator‐rated eczema severity score and participant scoring for eczema symptoms of itch and sleep loss was 3.91 points lower after probiotic treatment than after no probiotic treatment (95% CI ‐5.86 to ‐1.96;  low‐quality evidence ). The minimum clinically important difference for SCORAD has been estimated to be 8.7 points. We noted significant to extreme levels of unexplainable heterogeneity between the results of individual studies. We judged most studies to be at unclear risk of bias; six studies had high attrition bias, and nine were at low risk of bias overall. We found no evidence to show that probiotics make a difference in the risk of adverse events during active treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.54, 95% CI 0.90 to 2.63; seven trials; 402 participants;  low‐quality evidence ). Studies in our review that reported adverse effects described gastrointestinal symptoms. Authors' conclusions Evidence suggests that, compared with no probiotic, currently available probiotic strains probably make little or no difference in improving patient‐rated eczema symptoms. Probiotics may make little or no difference in QoL for people with eczema nor in investigator‐rated eczema severity score (combined with participant scoring for eczema symptoms of itch and sleep loss); for the latter, the observed effect was small and of uncertain clinical significance. Therefore, use of probiotics for the treatment of eczema is currently not evidence‐based. This update found no evidence of increased adverse effects with probiotic use during studies, but a separate adverse events search from the first review revealed that probiotic treatment carries a small risk of adverse events. Results show significant, unexplainable heterogeneity between individual trial results. Only a small number of studies measured some outcomes. Future studies should better measure QoL scores and adverse events, and should report on new probiotics. Researchers should also consider studying subgroups of patients (e.g. patients with atopy or food allergies, adults) and standardising doses/concentrations of probiotics given. Plain language summary Probiotics for treating eczema Review question This Cochrane Review aimed to find out, by analysing data from randomised controlled trials (RCTs), if probiotics (bacteria, fungi, or yeasts) are effective in treating eczema of any severity in people of all ages when compared with placebo (an identical but inactive treatment), no treatment, or another treatment that does not include probiotics. We wanted to find out if treatment with probiotics improves the symptoms, quality of life, or severity of eczema in patients at the end of active treatment and during follow‐up after the active treatment has finished. Background Eczema is an itchy, non‐contagious, inflamed skin condition that affects between 5% and 20% of people at some time in their life. People with eczema have different bacteria in their gut compared to people without eczema, and sometimes they have inflammation in their gut. It has been suggested that eczema symptoms may be treated by changing the mix of gut bacteria or by reducing inflammation in the gut. Probiotics, which are live micro‐organisms taken by mouth, such as the  Lactobacillus  bacteria found in unpasteurised milk and yoghurt, might achieve this. This is an update of a previous Cochrane Review published in 2008; this update is important because more trials have been done since publication of the first review, and because use of probiotics is increasing and new treatments for eczema are needed. Study characteristics We included 39 randomised controlled clinical trials (RCTs) with 2599 participants, which we identified in searches up to January 2017. These studies included people of either gender and of all ages, although most studies assessed children who had been told by a healthcare professional that they had eczema. Participants had eczema ranging from mild to severe, and RCTs compared treatment with live micro‐organisms (probiotics) of varying dose and concentration, taken by mouth, versus no treatment, placebo, or another treatment with no probiotics. The probiotics included were bacteria of the  Lactobacillus  and  Bifidobacteria  species taken alone or in combination with other probiotics for a period ranging from four weeks up to six months. We did not look at studies that were seeking to prevent eczema. Most studies were done in Europe, and some were done in Asia, Australia, and New Zealand ‐ all in a medical setting. Most studies were conducted at a single centre. Reviewers applied no language restrictions on study selection. Ten studies were funded by companies supplying the probiotics, and another four studies did not declare the source of funding. Key results Please note that results in this summary are based on the following: a comparison of probiotic against no probiotic; treatment over six weeks to three months, except for the investigator‐rated eczema severity outcome, for which participants were treated longer (16 weeks); and outcomes measured at the end of the treatment period, apart from adverse events, which were assessed throughout treatment. Unless otherwise stated, outcomes were measured by participants or parents. The included studies assessed a variety of probiotics of differing concentrations or doses. With regard to score, the higher the score, the more severe were the symptoms. We found that currently available probiotics probably make little or no difference in reducing eczema symptoms, such as itching and sleep loss ( moderate‐quality evidence ). However, we did find that these probiotics may slightly reduce the severity of eczema scored by patients and their healthcare professionals in combination ( low‐quality evidence ), although it is uncertain if such a change is meaningful for patients. In terms of patient quality of life, we found no evidence that probiotics make a difference ( low‐quality evidence ). We found no evidence of an increase in adverse events; those reported in included studies that were related to treatment were tummy and gut upset with diarrhoea, constipation, vomiting, and colic pains ( low‐quality evidence ). Analysis suggests that further probiotic studies assessing the effects of eczema symptoms may not be worthwhile, as they are unlikely to change the outcome at the end of active treatment. Quality of the evidence The quality of evidence supporting our key findings was low, apart from one moderate rating for participant‐rated symptoms of eczema. Reasons for this include variability between studies, which could not be explained, and not enough available data.
 Higher versus lower protein intake in formula‐fed term infants;  Abstract - Background Many infants are fed infant formulas to promote growth. Some formulas have a high protein content (≥ 2.5 g per 100 kcal) to accelerate weight gain during the first year of life. The risk‐benefit balance of these formulas is unclear. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of higher protein intake versus lower protein intake in healthy, formula‐fed term infants. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, LILACS, OpenGrey, clinical trial registries, and conference proceedings in October 2022. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of healthy formula‐fed infants (those fed only formula and those given formula as a complementary food). We included infants of any sex or ethnicity who were fed infant formula for at least three consecutive months at any time from birth. We excluded quasi‐randomized trials, observational studies, and infants with congenital malformations or serious underlying diseases. We defined high protein content as 2.5 g or more per 100 kcal, and low protein content as less than 1.8 g per 100 kcal (for exclusive formula feeding) or less than 1.7 g per 100 kcal (for complementary formula feeding). Data collection and analysis Four review authors independently assessed the risk of bias and extracted data from trials, and a fifth review author resolved discrepancies. We performed random‐effects meta‐analyses, calculating risk ratios (RRs) or Peto odds ratios (Peto ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for dichotomous outcomes, and mean differences (MDs) with 95% CIs for continuous outcomes. We used the GRADE approach to evaluate the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 11 RCTs (1185 infants) conducted in high‐income countries. Seven trials (1629 infants) compared high‐protein formula against standard‐protein formula, and four trials (256 infants) compared standard‐protein formula against low‐protein formula. The longest follow‐up was 11 years. High‐protein formula versus standard‐protein formula We found very low‐certainty evidence that feeding healthy term infants high‐protein formula compared to standard‐protein formula has little or no effect on underweight (MD in weight‐for‐age z‐score 0.05 SDs, 95% CI −0.09 to 0.19; P = 0.51, I 2  = 61%; 7 studies, 1629 participants), stunting (MD in height‐for‐age z‐score 0.15 SDs, 95% CI −0.05 to 0.35; P = 0.14, I 2  = 73%; 7 studies, 1629 participants), and wasting (MD in weight‐for‐height z‐score −0.12 SDs, 95% CI −0.31 to 0.07; P = 0.20, I 2  = 94%; 7 studies, 1629 participants) in the first year of life. We found very low‐certainty evidence that feeding healthy infants high‐protein formula compared to standard‐protein formula has little or no effect on the occurrence of overweight (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.63 to 2.51; P = 0.51; 1 study, 1090 participants) or obesity (RR 1.96, 95% CI 0.59 to 6.48; P = 0.27; 1 study, 1090 participants) at five years of follow‐up. No studies reported all‐cause mortality. Feeding healthy infants high‐protein formula compared to standard‐protein formula may have little or no effect on the occurrence of adverse events such as diarrhea, vomiting, or milk hypersensitivity (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.13; P = 0.44, I 2  = 0%; 4 studies, 445 participants; low‐certainty evidence) in the first year of life. Standard‐protein formula versus low‐protein formula We found very low‐certainty evidence that feeding healthy infants standard‐protein formula compared to low‐protein formula has little or no effect on underweight (MD in weight‐for‐age z‐score 0.0, 95% CI −0.43 to 0.43; P = 0.99, I 2  = 81%; 4 studies, 256 participants), stunting (MD in height‐for‐age z‐score −0.01, 95% CI −0.36 to 0.35; P = 0.96, I 2  = 73%; 4 studies, 256 participants), and wasting (MD in weight‐for‐height z‐score 0.13, 95% CI −0.29 to 0.56; P = 0.54, I 2  = 95%; 4 studies, 256 participants) in the first year of life. No studies reported overweight, obesity, or all‐cause mortality. Feeding healthy infants standard‐protein formula compared to low‐protein formula may have little or no effect on the occurrence of adverse events such as diarrhea, vomiting, or milk hypersensitivity (Peto OR 1.55, 95% CI 0.70 to 3.40; P = 0.28, I 2  = 0%; 2 studies, 206 participants; low‐certainty evidence) in the first four months of life. Authors' conclusions We are unsure if feeding healthy infants high‐protein formula compared to standard‐protein formula has an effect on undernutrition, overweight, or obesity. There may be little or no difference in the risk of adverse effects between infants fed with high‐protein formula versus those fed with standard‐protein formula. We are unsure if feeding healthy infants standard‐protein formula compared to low‐protein formula has any effect on undernutrition. There may be little or no difference in the risk of adverse effects between infants fed with standard‐protein formula versus those fed with low‐protein formula. The findings of six ongoing studies and two studies awaiting classification studies may change the conclusions of this review. Plain language summary Higher‐protein formula versus lower‐protein formula: which works better to prevent malnutrition and obesity in infants? Key messages 1. We are unsure if high‐protein formula affects malnutrition or obesity in infants. 2. Larger studies are needed to further evaluate the benefits and potential harms of the different types of formula. 3. Future research should focus on long‐term growth and brain development. What are high‐ and low‐protein infant formulas? Infant formulas have a similar nutritional content to breast milk, and contain ingredients such as cow's milk, fats, vitamins, proteins (such as whey or soy protein), and carbohydrates. Depending on the amount of protein they contain, formulas are categorized as low‐protein (less than 1.8 g per 100 kcal), standard‐protein, or high‐protein (2.5 g or more per 100 kcal). Why is it important to study infant formula? Despite World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations, many full‐term infants around the world are fed formula instead of breast milk. Some infant formulas contain more that the recommended amount of protein; they are designed to increase weight gain in infants during the first year of life. However, we do not know the effect of high‐protein formula on malnutrition, overweight, or obesity during infancy. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out whether high protein formula is better than standard or low protein formula for preventing: 1. malnutrition (low weight for age, low height for age, or low weight or height); 2. overweight or obesity (high weight for height); and 3. other unwanted events. What did we do? We searched for studies examining higher‐protein formula compared with lower‐protein formula in healthy infants of either sex, born at nine months of pregnancy and with normal birth weight and height. We compared and summarized the results of the studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 11 eligible studies involving 1885 healthy, full‐term, formula‐fed infants. Seven studies (1629 infants) compared high‐protein formula with standard‐protein formula, and four studies (256 infants) compared standard‐protein formula with low‐protein formula. The biggest study included 1090 infants, and the smallest study included 20 infants. Ten studies were conducted in Europe and one in the USA. Most studies lasted approximately four months; only two studies lasted five years or more. Pharmaceutical companies funded all the studies. Overall, we are unsure if feeding healthy infants high‐protein formula compared to standard‐protein formula has any effect on undernutrition, overweight, or obesity in the first year of life. We are unsure if feeding healthy infants standard‐protein formula compared to low‐protein formula has any effect on undernutrition in childhood. The occurrence of unwanted events in formula‐fed infants may be unrelated to the protein content of the formula. What are the limitations of the evidence We are not confident about the evidence because the studies provided information in different ways, and the results varied considerably across studies. Moreover, some studies had many dropouts, which could have affected the results. Further research is likely to modify the results of this review. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current to October 2022.
 Short versus long feeding interval for bolus feedings in very preterm infants;  Abstract - Background There is presently no certainty about the ideal feeding intervals for preterm infants. Shorter feeding intervals of, for example, two hours, have the theoretical advantage of allowing smaller volumes of milk. This may have the potential to reduce the incidence and severity of gastro‐oesophageal reflux. Longer feeding intervals have the theoretical advantage of allowing more gastric emptying between two feeds. This potentially provides periods of rest (and thus less hyperaemia) for an immature digestive tract. Objectives To determine the safety of shorter feeding intervals (two hours or shorter) versus longer feeding intervals (three hours or more) and to compare the effects in terms of days taken to regain birth weight and to achieve full feeding. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to run comprehensive searches in CENTRAL (2020, Issue 6) and Ovid MEDLINE and Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions, and CINAHL on 25 June 2020. We searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria We included RCTs and quasi‐RCTs comparing short (e.g. one or two hours) versus long (e.g. three or four hours) feeding intervals in preterm infants of any birth weight, all or most of whom were less than 32 weeks' gestation. Infants could be of any postnatal age at trial entry, but eligible infants should not have received feeds before study entry, with the exception of minimal enteral feeding. We included studies of nasogastric or orogastric bolus feeding, breast milk or formula, in which the feeding interval is the intervention. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Our primary outcomes were days taken to achieve full enteral feeding and days to regain birth weight. Our other outcomes were duration of hospital stay, episodes of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) and growth during hospital stay (weight, length and head circumference). Main results We included four RCTs, involving 417 infants in the review. One study involving 350 infants is awaiting classification. All studies compared two‐hourly versus three‐hourly feeding interval. The risk of bias of the included studies was generally low, but all studies had high risk of performance bias due to lack of blinding of the intervention. Three studies were included in meta‐analysis for the number of days taken to achieve full enteral feeding (351 participants). The mean days to achieve full feeds was between eight and 11 days. There was little or no difference in days taken to achieve full enteral feeding between two‐hourly and three‐hourly feeding, but this finding was of low certainty (mean difference (MD) ‒0.62, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‒1.60 to 0.36). There was low‐certainty evidence that the days taken to regain birth weight may be slightly longer in infants receiving two‐hourly feeding than in those receiving three‐hourly feeding (MD 1.15, 95% CI 0.11 to 2.20; 3 studies, 350 participants). We are uncertain whether shorter feeding intervals have any effect on any of our secondary outcomes including the duration of hospital stay (MD ‒3.36, 95% CI ‒9.18 to 2.46; 2 studies, 207 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) and the risk of NEC (typical risk ratio 1.07, 95% CI 0.54 to 2.11; 4 studies, 417 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No study reported growth during hospital stay. Authors' conclusions The low‐certainty evidence we found in this review suggests that there may be no clinically important differences between two‐ and three‐hourly feeding intervals. There is insufficient information about potential feeding complications and in particular NEC. No studies have looked at the effect of other feeding intervals and there is no long‐term data on neurodevelopment or growth. Plain language summary Short versus long feeding interval for bolus feedings in very preterm infants Review question Are short feeding intervals (for example, two hours or shorter) better tolerated than long feeding intervals (three hours or longer) for regular milk feeds in very preterm infants? Background Feeding very preterm infants, less than 32 weeks' gestation at birth, is a major challenge. They have an immature gut which may lead to problems, varying from mild (feeding intolerance) to moderate (regurgitation of milk from the stomach) to severe (such as necrotising enterocolitis; NEC). NEC is an infectious complication leading to irreparable loss of parts of the bowel. The feeding interval, that is, the time interval between each feed, might matter but determining the appropriate feeding interval is a major challenge. Both short intervals, typically less than three hours, and longer intervals of three or more hours have their own risks. When the interval is short, a smaller volume of milk can be given more frequently. The infant might tolerate smaller volumes better, but their gut might not have sufficient time to rest between each feeding. Study characteristics We searched medical databases up 25 June 2020. We found four studies (involving 417 infants), all conducted in middle‐income countries. All four studies compared two‐hourly with three‐hourly feeding interval. All studies involved very low birth weight infants with a gestational age (time since the beginning of the woman's last menstrual period) range from 29 weeks to 35 weeks. Key results When we combined the results of the studies, they suggested little or no difference between the two‐ and three‐hourly feeding intervals. We are uncertain whether there is any difference between two‐ and three‐hourly feeding in terms of days to achieve full enteral (tube) feeding because the results were imprecise and there were biases in the studies. Days taken to regain the birth weight, after the usual initial drop in weight during the first days after birth, may be slightly longer in infants receiving two‐hourly feeds, but we are uncertain of the importance of this. We did not have enough data to determine whether there was any difference in any of the adverse outcomes that the studies reported. However, because only a small number of infants experienced NEC, we are uncertain whether there is any difference between the groups. There was no information on the effect of feeding interval on death, infant growth during hospital stay and neurodevelopmental outcome (brain development in childhood), and there was no information about other feeding intervals such as one‐hourly or four‐hourly feeds. There is one study awaiting classification as we need more information. Quality of evidence The quality of the evidence in this review was low. Therefore, there may be no clinically important differences between two‐ and three‐hourly feeding intervals.
 Carbohydrate supplementation of human milk to promote growth in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Preterm infants are born with low glycogen stores and require higher glucose intake to match fetal accretion rates. In spite of the myriad benefits of breast milk for preterm infants, it may not adequately meet the needs of these rapidly growing infants. Supplementing human milk with carbohydrates may help. However, there is a paucity of data on assessment of benefits or harms of carbohydrate supplementation of human milk to promote growth in preterm infants. This is a 2020 update of a Cochrane Review first published in 1999. Objectives To determine whether human milk supplemented with carbohydrate compared with unsupplemented human milk fed to preterm infants improves growth, body composition, and cardio‐metabolic and neurodevelopmental outcomes without significant adverse effects. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2019, Issue 8) in the Cochrane Library and MEDLINE via PubMed on 22 August 2019. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria Published and unpublished controlled trials were eligible if they used random or quasi‐random methods to allocate preterm infants in hospital fed human milk to supplementation or no supplementation with additional carbohydrate. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently abstracted data and assessed trial quality and the quality of evidence at the outcome level using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) method. We planned to perform meta‐analyses using risk ratios (RRs) for dichotomous data and mean differences (MDs) for continuous data, with their respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We planned to use a fixed‐effect model and to explore potential causes of heterogeneity via sensitivity analyses. We contacted study authors for additional information. Main results One unblinded, quasi‐randomised controlled trial (RCT) assessing effects of carbohydrate supplementation of human milk in the form of a prebiotic in 75 preterm infants was eligible for inclusion in this review. We identified two publications of the same trial, which reported different methods regarding blinding and randomisation. Study authors confirmed that these publications pertain to the same trial, but they have not yet clarified which method is correct. Our analyses showed very low certainty evidence of an effect of carbohydrate supplementation on weight by 30 days of age age (MD 160.4 grams, 95% CI 12.4 to 308.4 grams), and no effect on risk of feeding intolerance (RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.36 to 1.15) or necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) (RR 0.2, 95% CI 0.02 to 1.3). Duration of hospital stay was shorter in the prebiotic group than in the control group (median difference 9 days). No data were available for assessing effects of carbohydrate supplementation on long‐term growth and neurodevelopment. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain whether carbohydrate supplementation of human milk affects any outcomes in preterm infants. The only trial included in this review presented very low‐quality evidence, and study authors provided uncertain information about study methods and analysis. The evidence may be limited in its applicability because researchers included a small sample of preterm infants from a single centre. Future trials could assess the safety and efficacy of different types and concentrations of carbohydrate supplementation for preterm infants fed human milk. However, we do not envisage that further trials of digestible carbohydrates will be conducted, as this is currently done as a component of multi‐nutrient human milk fortification. Plain language summary Carbohydrate supplementation of human milk to promote growth in preterm infants Review question Does addition of extra carbohydrate to human milk fed to preterm infants compared with no additional carbohydrate improve growth, body fat, obesity, heart problems, high blood sugar, and brain development without causing significant side effects? Background Not enough carbohydrate intake in preterm infants may result in poor growth and development. Breast milk is the best food for preterm infants, but feeding them only breast milk may be nutritionally inadequate. Adding carbohydrate to breast milk may help. However, not enough data can be found on assessing the benefits and harms of adding carbohydrate to breast milk to promote growth in preterm infants. Study characteristics We found one trial involving 75 preterm infants with very low‐quality evidence on the effects of adding extra prebiotics (a type of carbohydrate) to human milk in preterm infants. A second publication by the same study authors reported different methods regarding blinding and randomisation of the trial. Study authors confirmed that these publications describe the same trial but have not yet clarified which method is accurate. We were unable to reproduce the analyses from the data presented. The search is up to date as of August 2019. Key results Prebiotic carbohydrate supplementation increased the mean weight of preterm infants at day 30 and resulted in a shorter hospital stay compared with control. No evidence shows a clear difference in risk of feeding intolerance or necrotising enterocolitis between the prebiotic‐supplemented and unsupplemented groups. No other data were available to show the effects of adding extra carbohydrate to human milk on short‐ and long‐term growth, body fat, obesity, brain development, and heart problems. Conclusions Evidence on the short‐ and long‐term effects of adding extra carbohydrate to human milk in preterm infants is lacking. This systematic review found very low‐quality evidence on the effects of adding prebiotic carbohydrate to human milk in preterm infants, along with uncertainties about methods and analysis. The single trial included a small sample of Iranian preterm infants, and so the evidence may be considered as not generalisable. However, the outcomes assessed are common to all preterm infants, and the trial shows that adding prebiotic carbohydrate to human milk is possible in developing countries. Further research is needed to assess the benefits and harms of different types and concentrations of carbohydrate supplementation for preterm infants fed human milk. Currently, digestible carbohydrate supplementation in preterm infants is provided as a component of multi‐nutrient human milk fortification.
 Vitamin K for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease;  Abstract - Background A deficiency in vitamin K has been associated with increased calcium deposition and coronary artery calcification, which may lead to cardiovascular disease. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of vitamin K supplementation as a single nutrient supplement for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases: the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, Issue 8 of 12, 2014); MEDLINE (Ovid, 1946 to September week 2 2014); EMBASE Classic + EMBASE (Ovid, 1947 to September 18 2014); Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI‐EXPANDED) and Conference Proceedings Citation Index, Science (CPCI‐S) (both 1990 to 17 September 2014) on Web of Science (Thomson Reuters); Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects (DARE); Health Technology Assessment Database and Health Economics Evaluations Database (Issue 3 of 4, 2014). We searched trial registers and reference lists of reviews for further studies. We applied no language restrictions. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials of vitamin K supplementation as a single nutrient supplement, lasting at least three months, and involving healthy adults or adults at high risk of cardiovascular disease. The comparison group was no intervention or placebo. The outcomes of interest were cardiovascular disease clinical events and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion, abstracted the data and assessed the risk of bias. Main results We included only one small trial (60 participants randomised) which overall was judged to be at low risk of bias. The study examined two doses of menaquinone (vitamin K2) over 3 months in healthy participants aged 40 to 65 years. The primary focus of the trial was to examine the effects of menaquinone (subtype MK7) on different matrix Gla proteins (MGP ‐ vitamin K dependent proteins in the vessel wall) at different doses, but the authors also reported blood pressure and lipid levels. The trial did not report on our primary outcomes (cardiovascular disease clinical events) as it was small, short term and conducted in healthy participants. In terms of cardiovascular disease risk factors, no effects were seen for vitamin K2 on blood pressure or lipid levels, although the trial was small and findings are limited. The trial did not report any of our other secondary outcomes. Authors' conclusions The very limited results of this review highlight the lack of evidence currently available to determine the effectiveness of vitamin K supplementation for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, and demonstrate the need for further high quality trials in this area. Plain language summary Vitamin K supplementation to prevent cardiovascular disease Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) refers to a group of conditions affecting the heart and blood vessels. CVD is a global burden and varies between regions, and this variation has been linked in part to dietary factors. Such factors are important because they can be modified to help with CVD prevention and management.This review assessed the effectiveness of vitamin K supplementation as a single supplement at reducing cardiovascular death, all‐cause death, non‐fatal endpoints (such as heart attacks, strokes and angina) and CVD risk factors in healthy adults and adults at high risk of CVD. Study characteristics We searched scientific databases for randomised controlled trials (clinical trials where people are allocated at random to one of two or more treatments) looking at the effects of vitamin K supplementation in healthy adults or those at high risk of developing CVD. We did not include people who already had CVD (e.g. heart attacks and strokes). The evidence is current to September 2014. Key results Only one small trial met our inclusion criteria. It included 60 participants aged 40 to 65 years. This study looked at the effects of vitamin K2 supplements on CVD risk factors (blood pressure and lipid levels) over three months in healthy participants. No differences in these risk factors were seen between the comparison groups, but this was a small study and the findings are limited. The trial did not look at fatal and non‐fatal cardiovascular endpoints as it was small and short term. The evidence is currently extremely limited and further high‐quality trials are needed so that the effectiveness of vitamin K supplementation for CVD prevention can be determined. Quality of the evidence The only trial identified for this review was judged to be at low risk of bias (so there was less chance of arriving at the wrong conclusions because of favouritism by the participants or researchers). However the evidence is limited to one small trial and no firm conclusions can be reached at this time.
 Branched‐chain amino acid supplementation for improving growth and development in term and preterm neonates;  Abstract - Background Branched‐chain amino acids (BCAAs) play a vital role in neonatal nutrition. Optimal BCAA supplementation might improve neonatal nutrient storage, leading to better physical and neurological development and other outcomes. Objectives To determine the effect of BCAA supplementation on physical growth and neurological development in term and preterm neonates. We planned to make the following comparisons: parenteral nutrition with and without BCAA supplementation; enteral BCAA supplementation versus no supplementation; and any type of supplementation including enteral, parenteral and both ways versus no supplementation. To investigate the supplementation effectiveness for different dosages assessed in the eligible trials. Search methods We conducted comprehensive searches using Cochrane Neonatal's standard search strategies: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 6), MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL (up to July 2016). We updated the search with CENTRAL (2019, Issue 8), MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL (up to August 2019). We also searched clinical trials registries and reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We planned to include individual and cluster‐randomised and quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing BCAA supplementation versus placebo or no supplementation in term and preterm neonates. We excluded trials presented only as abstracts and cross‐over trials. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed the eligibility of all potential studies identified from the search strategy. We planned to extract data using a pilot‐tested standard data extraction form and assess risk of bias of the included studies following the methods described in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We planned to analyse treatment effects and report their effect estimates as per dichotomous or continuous data with 95% confidence intervals. We planned to conduct subgroup analysis to investigate heterogeneity, and perform sensitivity analysis where possible. We planned to use fixed‐effect meta‐analysis to combine data wherever appropriate. We planned to assess evidence quality using the GRADE approach. Main results We did not identify any potentially eligible studies that met the inclusion criteria in this review. Authors' conclusions We found no trial data to support or refute the idea that BCAA supplementation affects physical and neurological development and other outcomes in term and preterm neonates. Plain language summary Branched‐chain amino acid supplementation for improving nutrition in term and preterm neonates Review question Does supplementation of branched‐chain amino acids (BCAAs) improve physical and neurological development and other health outcomes in term and preterm neonates? Background Although leucine, isoleucine and valine—a group of essential amino acids—play an important role in neonatal nutrition, the optimal dosages are still unknown. Neonates usually consume BCAAs from breast milk and artificial formula, and those treated in hospitals due to various problems, including premature birth, asphyxia (lack of oxygen) and infections, may take them in from infusion solutions. Suboptimal intake of BCAAs can be caused by poor sucking and by inappropriate infusion therapy as well, which might lead to poor growth and neurological impairment. Thus, we attempted to reveal whether BCAA supplementation can improve health outcomes in term and preterm neonates. Study characteristics We did not find any eligible randomised controlled trials that assessed the effect of BCAA supplementation for term and preterm neonates. The evidence is up to date as of August 2019. Key results and conclusions This review is unable to suggest the effect of BCAA supplementation on physical growth and neurological development in term and preterm neonates. Future studies are required as this assessment is very important in the neonatal field.
 Breastfeeding or breast milk for procedural pain in neonates;  Abstract - Background Pain in the neonate is associated with acute behavioural and physiological changes. Cumulative pain is associated with morbidities, including adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. Studies have shown a reduction in changes in physiological parameters and pain score measurements following pre‐emptive analgesic administration in neonates experiencing pain or stress. Non‐pharmacological measures (such as holding, swaddling and breastfeeding) and pharmacological measures (such as acetaminophen, sucrose and opioids) have been used for analgesia. This is an update of a review first published in 2006 and updated in 2012. Objectives The primary objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk in reducing procedural pain in neonates. The secondary objective was to conduct subgroup analyses based on the type of control intervention, gestational age and the amount of supplemental breast milk given. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and trial registries (ICTRP, ISRCTN and clinicaltrials.gov) in August 2022; searches were limited from 2011 forwards. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs of breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk versus no treatment/other measures in neonates. We included both term (≥ 37 completed weeks postmenstrual age) and preterm infants (< 37 completed weeks' postmenstrual age) up to a maximum of 44 weeks' postmenstrual age. The study must have reported on either physiological markers of pain or validated pain scores. Data collection and analysis We assessed the methodological quality of the trials using the information provided in the studies and by personal communication with the authors. We extracted data on relevant outcomes, estimated the effect size and reported this as a mean difference (MD). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results Of the 66 included studies, 36 evaluated breastfeeding, 29 evaluated supplemental breast milk and one study compared them against each other. The procedures conducted in the studies were: heel lance (39), venipuncture (11), intramuscular vaccination (nine), eye examination for retinopathy of prematurity (four), suctioning (four) and adhesive tape removal as procedure (one). We noted marked heterogeneity in the control interventions and pain assessment measures amongst the studies. Since many studies included multiple arms with breastfeeding/supplemental breast milk as the main comparator, we were not able to synthesise all interventions together. Individual interventions are compared to breastfeeding/supplemental breast milk and reported. The numbers of studies/participants presented with the findings are not taken from pooled analyses (as is usual in Cochrane Reviews), but are the overall totals in each comparison. Overall, the included studies were at low risk of bias except for masking of intervention and outcome assessment, where nearly one‐third of studies were at high risk of bias. Breastfeeding versus control Breastfeeding may reduce the increase in heart rate compared to holding by mother, skin‐to‐skin contact, bottle feeding mother's milk, moderate concentration of sucrose/glucose (20% to 33%) with skin‐to‐skin contact (low‐certainty evidence, 8 studies, 784 participants). Breastfeeding likely reduces the duration of crying compared to no intervention, lying on table, rocking, heel warming, holding by mother, skin‐to‐skin contact, bottle feeding mother's milk and moderate concentration of glucose (moderate‐certainty evidence, 16 studies, 1866 participants). Breastfeeding may reduce percentage time crying compared to holding by mother, skin‐to‐skin contact, bottle feeding mother's milk, moderate concentration sucrose and moderate concentration of sucrose with skin‐to‐skin contact (low‐certainty evidence, 4 studies, 359 participants). Breastfeeding likely reduces the Neonatal Infant Pain Scale (NIPS) score compared to no intervention, holding by mother, heel warming, music, EMLA cream, moderate glucose concentration, swaddling, swaddling and holding (moderate‐certainty evidence, 12 studies, 1432 participants). Breastfeeding may reduce the Neonatal Facial Coding System (NFCS) score compared to no intervention, holding, pacifier and moderate concentration of glucose (low‐certainty evidence, 2 studies, 235 participants). Breastfeeding may reduce the Douleur Aigue Nouveau‐né (DAN) score compared to positioning, holding or placebo (low‐certainty evidence, 4 studies, 709 participants). In the majority of the other comparisons there was little or no difference between the breastfeeding and control group in any of the outcome measures. Supplemental breast milk versus control Supplemental breast milk may reduce the increase in heart rate compared to water or no intervention (low‐certainty evidence, 5 studies, 336 participants). Supplemental breast milk likely reduces the duration of crying compared to positioning, massage or placebo (moderate‐certainty evidence, 11 studies, 1283 participants). Supplemental breast milk results in little or no difference in percentage time crying compared to placebo or glycine (low‐certainty evidence, 1 study, 70 participants). Supplemental breast milk results in little or no difference in NIPS score compared to no intervention, pacifier, moderate concentration of sucrose, eye drops, gentle touch and verbal comfort, and breast milk odour and verbal comfort (low‐certainty evidence, 3 studies, 291 participants). Supplemental breast milk may reduce NFCS score compared to glycine (overall low‐certainty evidence, 1 study, 40 participants). DAN scores were lower when compared to massage and water; no different when compared to no intervention, EMLA and moderate concentration of sucrose; and higher when compared to rocking or pacifier (low‐certainty evidence, 2 studies, 224 participants). Due to the high number of comparator interventions, other measures of pain were assessed in a very small number of studies in both comparisons, rendering the evidence of low certainty. The majority of studies did not report on adverse events, considering the benign nature of the intervention. Those that reported on adverse events identified none in any participants. Subgroup analyses were not conducted due to the small number of studies. Authors' conclusions Moderate‐/low‐certainty evidence suggests that breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk may reduce pain in neonates undergoing painful procedures compared to no intervention/positioning/holding or placebo or non‐pharmacological interventions. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that moderate concentration (20% to 33%) glucose/sucrose may lead to little or no difference in reducing pain compared to breastfeeding. The effectiveness of breast milk for painful procedures should be studied in the preterm population, as there are currently a limited number of studies that have assessed its effectiveness in this population. Plain language summary Breastfeeding or breast milk for procedural pain in newborn babies Review question We investigated how well breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk (expressed breast milk given via feeding tube or by placing breast milk in baby's mouth) works as a pain reliever in newborn babies while they undergo painful procedures (e.g. vaccination, heel prick, blood sampling for tests or eye examinations). The babies' pain responses (e.g. changes in heart rate, oxygen level, blood pressure, percentages of crying time, duration of crying etc.) were assessed by health care professionals to measure the pain that babies are experiencing. Background Breastfeeding may provide pain relief for newborn babies undergoing painful procedures. Medication for pain relief is commonly given for major painful procedures, but may not be given for minor painful procedures such as blood sampling (by heel prick or taking a sample from a vein). There are different forms of non‐drug strategies that can be used to reduce pain in babies, such as holding or swaddling them, sucking on a pacifier, or giving sweet solutions (such as sucrose or glucose). Different studies done in newborn babies have shown that breastfeeding may be a good way to reduce the pain they feel when subjected to minor painful procedures. These studies have been done in full‐term babies, and they have shown that breastfeeding may be effective by demonstrating that it reduces babies' crying time and various pain scores that have been validated for babies. Breast milk given by syringe has not shown the same efficacy as breastfeeding itself. Very few studies have been done in preterm babies, and so new studies are needed to determine if the use of supplemental breast milk in these small babies is effective in reducing their pain. Study characteristics We searched the medical literature thoroughly up to 1 August 2022 for studies that investigated the pain‐relieving effect of breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk for minor medical procedures in newborn full‐term and preterm neonates We included randomised trials only, as they provide the most reliable medical evidence. We identified 66 studies that reported on a total of more than 6200 infants in this Cochrane Review. Thirty‐six studies evaluated breastfeeding, 29 studies evaluated supplemental breast milk, while one study compared both against each other. In over half of the studies, pain relief was during a heel prick procedure. In others, it was during vaccination, drawing blood from a vein or other procedures. The studies used a variety of comparative groups, for example, placebo, no intervention, maternal holding, skin‐to‐skin contact, similar volume of water, a pacifier, routine care, various concentrations of sucrose or glucose, 'facilitated tucking' (holding the infant in a flexed position with arms close to the body and hands placed to promote sucking), swaddling, heel warmth, anaesthetic cream for the skin, or a combination of these. The studies used a wide variety of pain scales as well as changes in heart rate and blood pressure and cry duration to assess pain. Study funding sources The studies included in the review were not externally funded according to information given in the reports. Key results Newborn babies in the breastfeeding group experienced a lower heart rate, shorter duration of cry, lower percentage of cry time and lower scores on the Neonatal Infant Pain Scale than babies who received no intervention. Moderate concentrations of glucose/sucrose may have similar effectiveness to breastfeeding. Studies of supplemental breast milk showed variable results. Supplemental breast milk was found to have a lower increase in heart rate when compared to water, and a lower duration of crying when compared to placebo. What are the limitations of the evidence We are moderately confident that breastfeeding reduces pain as assessed by heart rate, cry duration or validated pain scale compared to no intervention. Supplemental breast milk for painful procedures may reduce pain when compared to no intervention or placebo. Due to the high number of comparator groups, other measures of pain were assessed in a very small number of studies. The majority of the studies did not report on any unwanted or harmful effects of treatment. Those that did this identified no unwanted or harmful effects of treatment in any infants.
 Continuous nasogastric milk feeding versus intermittent bolus milk feeding for preterm infants less than 1500 grams;  Abstract - Background Milk feedings can be given via nasogastric tube either intermittently, typically over 10 to 20 minutes every two or three hours, or continuously, using an infusion pump. Although the theoretical benefits and risks of each method have been proposed, their effects on clinically important outcomes remain uncertain.  Objectives To examine the evidence regarding the effectiveness of continuous versus intermittent bolus tube feeding of milk in preterm infants less than 1500 grams. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to run comprehensive searches in the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2020, Issue 7) in the Cochrane Library; Ovid MEDLINE and Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions; and CINAHL (Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature) on 17 July 2020. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria We included RCTs and quasi‐RCTs comparing continuous versus intermittent bolus nasogastric milk feeding in preterm infants less than 1500 grams. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed all trials for relevance and risk of bias. We used the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal to extract data. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Primary outcomes were: age at full enteral feedings; feeding intolerance; days to regain birth weight; rate of gain in weight, length and head circumference; and risk of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC). Main results We included nine randomised trials (919 infants) in this updated Cochrane Review. One study is awaiting classification. Seven of the nine included trials reported data from infants with a maximum weight of between 1000 grams and 1400 grams. Two of the nine trials included infants weighing up to 1500 grams. Type(s) of milk feeds varied, including human milk (either mother's own milk or pasteurised donor human milk), preterm formula, or mixed feeding regimens. In some instances, preterm formula was initially diluted. Earlier studies also used water to initiate feedings. We judged six trials as unclear or high risk of bias for random sequence generation. We judged four trials as unclear for allocation concealment. We judged all trials as high risk of bias for blinding of care givers, and seven as unclear or high risk of bias for blinding of outcome assessors. We downgraded the certainty of evidence for imprecision, due to low numbers of participants in the trials, and/or wide 95% confidence intervals, and/or for risk of bias. Continuous compared to intermittent bolus (nasogastric and orogastric tube) milk feeding Babies receiving continuous feeding may reach full enteral feeding almost one day later than babies receiving intermittent feeding (mean difference (MD) 0.84 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.13 to 1.81; 7 studies, 628 infants; low‐certainty evidence).  It is uncertain if there is any difference between continuous feeding and intermittent feeding in terms of number of days of feeding interruptions (MD ‐3.00 days, 95% CI ‐9.50 to 3.50; 1 study, 171 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). It is uncertain if continuous feeding has any effect on days to regain birth weight (MD ‐0.38 days, 95% CI ‐1.16 to 0.41; 6 studies, 610 infants; low‐certainty evidence). The certainty of evidence is low and the 95% confidence interval is consistent with possible benefit and possible harm. It is uncertain if continuous feeding has any effect on rate of gain in weight compared with intermittent feeding (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.09, 95% CI ‐0.27 to 0.46; 5 studies, 433 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). Continuous feeding may result in little to no difference in rate of gain in length compared with intermittent feeding (MD 0.02 cm/week, 95% CI ‐0.04 to 0.08; 5 studies, 433 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Continuous feeding may result in little to no difference in rate of gain in head circumference compared with intermittent feeding (MD 0.01 cm/week, 95% CI ‐0.03 to 0.05; 5 studies, 433 infants; low‐certainty evidence). It is uncertain if continuous feeding has any effect on the risk of NEC compared with intermittent feeding (RR 1.19, 95% CI 0.67 to 2.11; 4 studies, 372 infants; low‐certainty evidence). The certainty of evidence is low and the 95% confidence interval is consistent with possible benefit and possible harm. Authors' conclusions Although babies receiving continuous feeding may reach full enteral feeding slightly later than babies receiving intermittent feeding, the evidence is of low certainty. However, the clinical risks and benefits of continuous and intermittent nasogastric tube milk feeding cannot be reliably discerned from current available randomised trials. Further research is needed to determine if either feeding method is more appropriate for the initiation of feeds. A rigorous methodology should be adopted, defining feeding protocols and feeding intolerance consistently for all infants. Infants should be stratified according to birth weight and gestation, and possibly according to illness. Plain language summary Continuous nasogastric milk feeding versus intermittent bolus milk feeding for preterm infants less than 1500 grams Review question Is continuously feeding through a tube placed into the stomach through the nose or mouth better than feedings given every two to three hours through a tube, in premature, very low birth weight babies? Background Preterm infants born weighing less than 1500 grams are not able to coordinate sucking, swallowing, and breathing. Feeding into the stomach (enteral feeding) helps with gastrointestinal tract development and growth. Therefore, in addition to feeding through a tube into a vein (parenterally), preterm infants may be fed milk through a tube placed either up their nose and into the stomach (nasogastric feeding) or through their mouth and into the stomach (orogastric feeding). Usually, a set amount of milk is given over 10 to 20 minutes every two to three hours (intermittent bolus gavage feeding). Some clinicians prefer to feed preterm infants continuously. Each feeding method has potential beneficial effects but may also have harmful effects. Study characteristics We included nine studies that involved 919 babies. One further study is awaiting classification. Seven of the nine included trials reported data from infants with a maximum weight of between 1000 grams and 1400 grams. Two of the nine trials included infants weighing up to 1500 grams. The search is up to date as of 17 July 2020. Key results Babies receiving continuous feeding may reach full enteral feeding slightly later than babies receiving intermittent feeding. Full enteral feeding is defined as the baby taking a specified volume of human or formula milk feeds by the required route. This promotes the development of the gastrointestinal system, reduces the risk of infection from intravenous catheters used to deliver parenteral nutrition, and may reduce the length of hospital stay.   It is uncertain if there is any difference between continuous feeding and intermittent feeding in terms of number of days to regain birth weight, days of feeding interruptions, and rate of gain in weight. Continuous feeding may result in little to no difference in rate of gain in length or head circumference compared with intermittent feeding. It is uncertain if continuous feeding has any effect on the risk of necrotising enterocolitis (a common and serious intestinal disease among premature babies) compared with intermittent feeding. Certainty of evidence The certainty of the evidence is low to very low because of the low numbers of babies in the studies and because the studies were conducted in ways that may have introduced errors in their results.
 Antibiotics and antiseptics for surgical wounds healing by secondary intention;  Abstract - Background Following surgery, incisions are usually closed by fixing the edges together with sutures (stitches), staples, adhesives (glue) or clips. This process helps the cut edges heal together and is called 'healing by primary intention'. However, a minority of surgical wounds are not closed in this way. Where the risk of infection is high or there has been significant loss of tissue, wounds may be left open to heal by the growth of new tissue rather than by primary closure; this is known as 'healing by secondary intention'. There is a risk of infection in open wounds, which may impact on wound healing, and antiseptic or antibiotic treatments may be used with the aim of preventing or treating such infections. This review is one of a suite of Cochrane reviews investigating the evidence on antiseptics and antibiotics in different types of wounds. It aims to present current evidence related to the use of antiseptics and antibiotics for surgical wounds healing by secondary intention (SWHSI). Objectives To assess the effects of systemic and topical antibiotics, and topical antiseptics for the treatment of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. Search methods In November 2015 we searched: The Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register; The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations); Ovid EMBASE and EBSCO CINAHL. We also searched three clinical trials registries and the references of included studies and relevant systematic reviews. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication or study setting. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials which enrolled adults with a surgical wound healing by secondary intention and assessed treatment with an antiseptic or antibiotic treatment. Studies enrolling people with skin graft donor sites were not included, neither were studies of wounds with a non‐surgical origin which had subsequently undergone sharp or surgical debridement or other surgical treatments or wounds within the oral or aural cavities. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, risk of bias assessment and data extraction. Main results Eleven studies with a total of 886 participants were included in the review. These evaluated a range of comparisons in a range of surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. In general studies were small and some did not present data or analyses that could be easily interpreted or related to clinical outcomes. These factors reduced the quality of the evidence. Two comparisons compared different iodine preparations with no antiseptic treatment and found no clear evidence of effects for these treatments. The outcome data available were limited and what evidence there was low quality. One study compared a zinc oxide mesh dressing with a plain mesh dressing. There was no clear evidence of a difference in time to wound healing between groups. There was some evidence of a difference in measures used to assess wound infection (wound with foul smell and number of participants prescribed antibiotics) which favoured the zinc oxide group. This was low quality evidence. One study reported that sucralfate cream increased the likelihood of healing open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy compared to a petrolatum cream (RR: 1.50, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.99) over a three week period. This evidence was graded as being of moderate quality. The study also reported lower wound pain scores in the sucralfate group. There was a reduction in time to healing of open wounds following haemorrhoidectomy when treated with Triclosan post‐operatively compared with a standard sodium hypochlorite solution (mean difference ‐1.70 days, 95% CI ‐3.41 to 0.01). This was classed as low quality evidence. There was moderate quality evidence that more open wounds resulting from excision of pyomyositis abscesses healed when treated with a honey‐soaked gauze compared with a EUSOL‐soaked gauze over three weeks' follow‐up (RR: 1.58, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.42). There was also some evidence of a reduction in the mean length of hospital stay in the honey group. Evidence was taken from one small study that only had 43 participants. There was moderate quality evidence that more Dermacym®‐treated post‐operative foot wounds in people with diabetes healed compared to those treated with iodine (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.93). Again estimates came from one small study with 40 participants. Authors' conclusions There is no robust evidence on the relative effectiveness of any antiseptic/antibiotic/anti‐bacterial preparation evaluated to date for use on SWHSI. Where some evidence for possible treatment effects was reported, it stemmed from single studies with small participant numbers and was classed as moderate or low quality evidence. This means it is likely or very likely that further research will have an important impact on our confidence in the estimate of effect, and may change this estimate. Plain language summary Antibiotics and antiseptics for surgical wounds healing by secondary intention What are surgical wounds healing by secondary intention? These are surgical wounds which are left open to heal through the growth of new tissue, rather than being closed in the usual way with stitches or other methods which bring the wound edges together. This is usually done when there is a high risk of infection or a large amount of tissue has been lost from the wound. Wounds which are often treated in this way include chronic wounds in the cleft between the buttocks (pilonidal sinuses) and some types of abscesses. Why use antibiotics and antiseptics to treat surgical wounds healing by secondary intention? One reason for allowing a wound to heal by secondary intention after surgery is that the risk of infection in that wound is thought to be high. If a wound has already become infected, then antibiotics or antiseptics are used to kill or slow the growth of the micro‐organisms causing the infection and prevent it from getting worse or spreading. This may also help the wound to heal. Even where wounds are not clearly infected, they usually have populations of micro‐organisms present. It is thought that they may heal better if these populations are reduced by antibacterial agents. However, the relationship between infection and micro‐organism populations in wounds and wound healing is not very clear. What we found In November 2015 we searched for as many studies as possible that both had a randomised controlled design and looked at the use of an antibiotic or antiseptic in participants with surgical wounds healing by secondary intention. We found 11 studies which included a total of 886 participants.These all looked at different comparisons. Several different types of wounds were included. Studies looked at wounds after diabetic foot amputation, pilonidal sinus surgery, treatment of various types of abscess, surgery for haemorrhoids, complications after caesarean section and healing of openings created by operations such as colostomy. Most studies compared a range of different types of antibacterial treatments to treatments without antibacterial activity, but four compared different antibacterial treatments. Although some of the trials suggested that one treatment may be better than another, this evidence was limited by the size of the studies and the ways they were carried out and reported. All of the studies had low numbers of participants and in some cases these numbers were very small. Many of the studies did not report important information about how they were carried out, so it was difficult to tell whether the results presented were likely to be true. More, better quality, research is needed to find out the effects of antimicrobial treatments on surgical wounds which are healing by secondary intention. Assessed as up to date November 2015.
 Oropharyngeal colostrum in preventing mortality and morbidity in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Placing a small volume of colostrum directly onto the buccal mucosa of preterm infants during the early neonatal period may provide immunological and growth factors that stimulate the immune system and enhance intestinal growth. These benefits could potentially reduce the risk of infection and necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) and improve survival and long‐term outcome. Objectives To determine if early (within the first 48 hours of life) oropharyngeal administration of mother’s own fresh or frozen/thawed colostrum can reduce rates of NEC, late‐onset invasive infection, and/or mortality in preterm infants compared with controls. To assess trials for evidence of safety and harm (e.g. aspiration pneumonia). To compare effects of early oropharyngeal colostrum (OPC) versus no OPC, placebo, late OPC, and nasogastric colostrum. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2017, Issue 8), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to August 2017), Embase (1980 to August 2017), and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL; 1982 to August 2017). We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and recently completed trials ( clinicaltrials.gov ; the World Health Organization International Trials Registry ( www.whoint/ictrp/search/en/ ), and  the ISRCTN Registry ), conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. We performed the last search in August 2017. We contacted trial investigators regarding unpublished studies and data. Selection criteria We searched for published and unpublished randomised controlled trials comparing early administration of oropharyngeal colostrum (OPC) versus sham administration of water, oral formula, or donor breast milk, or versus no intervention. We also searched for studies comparing early OPC versus early nasogastric or nasojejunal administration of colostrum. We considered only trials that included preterm infants at < 37 weeks' gestation. We did not limit the review to any particular region or language. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened retrieved articles for inclusion and independently conducted data extraction, data analysis, and assessments of 'Risk of bias' and quality of evidence. We graded evidence quality using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. We contacted study authors for additional information or clarification when necessary. Main results We included six studies that compared early oropharyngeal colostrum versus water, saline, placebo, or donor, or versus no intervention, enrolling 335 preterm infants with gestational ages ranging from 25 to 32 weeks' gestation and birth weights of 410 to 2500 grams. Researchers found no significant differences between OPC and control for primary outcomes ‐ incidence of NEC (typical risk ratio (RR) 1.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 4.02; six studies, 335 infants; P = 0.51; I² = 0%; very low‐quality evidence), incidence of late‐onset infection (typical RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.56 to 1.33; six studies, 335 infants; P = 0.50; I² = 0%; very low‐quality evidence), and death before hospital discharge (typical RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.34 to 1.71; six studies, 335 infants; P = 0.51; I² = 0%; very low‐quality evidence). Similarly, meta‐analysis showed no difference in length of hospital stay between OPC and control groups (mean difference (MD) 0.81, 95% CI ‐5.87 to 7.5; four studies, 293 infants; P = 0.65; I² = 49%). Days to full enteral feeds were reduced in the OPC group with MD of ‐2.58 days (95% CI ‐4.01 to ‐1.14; six studies, 335 infants; P = 0.0004; I² = 28%; very low‐quality evidence). The effect of OPC was uncertain because of small sample sizes and imprecision in study results (very low‐quality evidence). No adverse effects were associated with OPC; however, data on adverse effects were insufficient, and no numerical data were available from the included studies. Overall the quality of included studies was low to very low across all outcomes. We downgraded GRADE outcomes because of concerns about allocation concealment and blinding, reporting bias, small sample sizes with few events, and wide confidence intervals. Authors' conclusions Large, well‐designed trials would be required to evaluate more precisely and reliably the effects of oropharyngeal colostrum on important outcomes for preterm infants. Plain language summary Maternal colostrum provided into the mouth of preterm babies to prevent complications and improve outcomes Review question Does providing a very small volume of maternal colostrum into the mouth of preterm babies (oropharyngeal colostrum (OPC)) prevent complications and improve health outcomes? Background Placing a small volume of colostrum ‐ the first milk produced by the mother during the first few days of life ‐ directly onto the inside of the cheeks of preterm infants may provide immunological and growth factors that stimulate the immune system and enhance growth of the intestine. These benefits could potentially reduce infections, including severe infections in the intestine known as necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), thereby improving survival and long‐term outcomes. Study characteristics We searched for both published and unpublished studies comparing oropharyngeal colostrum versus a control such as water, placebo, or no oral priming. We included only clinical trials reporting outcomes in preterm babies (< 37 weeks' gestation). The evidence is up‐to‐date as of August 2017. We did not limit the review to any particular region or language. Key results Six studies were eligible for inclusion, involving 335 preterm infants with gestational ages ranging from 25 to 32 weeks' gestation and birth weights of 410 to 2500 grams. Reviewers noted no differences between OPC and control for rate of NEC, infection, or death before hospital discharge. Similarly, they observed no difference in length of hospital stay between OPC and control babies. Infants who received OPC achieved full milk feeds on average 2.5 days earlier than those given placebo or no intervention. However, included studies were small, data were insufficient, and study designs were not ideal. Combining study data did not provide sufficient evidence to recommend the use of colostrum for oral priming to prevent complications in preterm infants. Five of the included studies reported no harms (adverse effects); however, no numerical data are available from these studies. Included studies were of very low quality; therefore the effects of OPC remain uncertain. Conclusions Larger, better quality clinical trials would be needed to evaluate more precisely and reliably the effects of OPC on important outcomes for preterm infants. .
 Fortification of rice with vitamins and minerals for addressing micronutrient malnutrition;  Abstract - Background Rice fortification with vitamins and minerals has the potential to increase the nutrition in rice‐consuming countries where micronutrient deficiencies exist. Globally, 490 million metric tonnes of rice are consumed annually. It is the dominant staple food crop of around three billion people. Objectives To determine the benefits and harms of rice fortification with vitamins and minerals (iron, vitamin A, zinc or folic acid) on micronutrient status and health‐related outcomes in the general population. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and 16 other databases all up to 10 December 2018. We searched ClinicalTrials.gov, and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 10 December 2018. Selection criteria We included randomised and quasi‐randomised trials (with either individual or cluster randomisation) and controlled before‐and‐after studies. Participants were populations older than two years of age (including pregnant women) from any country. The intervention was rice fortified with at least one micronutrient or a combination of several micronutrients (iron, folic acid, zinc, vitamin A or other vitamins and minerals) compared with unfortified rice or no intervention. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Two review authors independently screened studies and extracted data. Main results We included 17 studies (10,483 participants) and identified two ongoing studies. Twelve included studies were randomised‐controlled trials (RCTs), with 2238 participants after adjusting for clustering in two cluster‐RCTs, and five were non‐randomised studies (NRS) with four controlled before‐and‐after studies and one cross‐sectional study with a control (8245 participants). Four studies were conducted in India, three in Thailand, two in the Philippines, two in Brazil, one each in Bangladesh, Burundi, Cambodia, Indonesia, Mexico and the USA. Two studies involved non‐pregnant, non‐lactating women and 10 involved pre‐school or school‐age children. All 17 studies reported fortification with iron. Of these, six studies fortified rice with iron only; 11 studies had other micronutrients added (iron, zinc and vitamin A, and folic acid). One study had one arm each with vitamin A alone and carotenoid alone. Elemental iron content ranged from 0.2 to 112.8 mg/100 g uncooked rice given for a period varying from two weeks to 48 months. Thirteen studies did not clearly describe either sequence generation or allocation concealment. Eleven studies had a low attrition rate. There was no indication of selective reporting in the studies. We considered two RCTs at low overall risk of bias and 10 at high overall risk of bias. One RCT was at high or unclear risk of bias for most of the domains. All controlled before‐and‐after studies had a high risk or unclear risk of bias in most domains. The included studies were funded by Government, private and non‐governmental organisations, along with other academic institutions. The source of funding does not appear to have altered the results. We used the NRS in the qualitative synthesis but we excluded them from the quantitative analysis and review conclusions since they provided mostly contextual information and limited quantitative information. Rice fortified with iron alone or in combination with other micronutrients versus unfortified rice (no micronutrients added) Fortification of rice with iron (alone or in combination with other micronutrients) may make little or no difference in the risk of having anaemia (risk ratio (RR) 0.72, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54 to 0.97; I 2  = 74%; 7 studies, 1634 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and may reduce the risk of iron deficiency (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.51 to 0.84; 8 studies, 1733 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Rice fortification may increase mean haemoglobin (mean difference (MD) 1.83, 95% CI 0.66 to 3.00; I 2  = 54%; 11 studies, 2163 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and it may make little or no difference to vitamin A deficiency (with vitamin A as one of the micronutrients in the fortification arm) (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.36 to 1.29; I 2  = 37%; 4 studies, 927 participants; low‐certainty evidence). One study reported that fortification of rice (with folic acid as one of the micronutrients) may improve serum or plasma folate (nmol/L) (MD 4.30, 95% CI 2.00 to 6.60; 215 participants; low‐certainty evidence). One study reported that fortification of rice with iron alone or with other micronutrients may slightly increase hookworm infection (RR 1.78, 95% CI 1.18 to 2.70; 785 participants; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain about the effect of fortified rice on diarrhoea (RR 3.52, 95% CI 0.18 to 67.39; 1 study, 258 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Rice fortified with vitamin A alone or in combination with other micronutrients versus unfortified rice (no micronutrients added) One study had one arm providing fortified rice with vitamin A only versus unfortified rice. Fortification of rice with vitamin A (in combination with other micronutrients) may increase mean haemoglobin (MD 10.00, 95% CI 8.79 to 11.21; 1 study, 74 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Rice fortified with vitamin A may slightly improve serum retinol concentration (MD 0.17, 95% CI 0.13 to 0.21; 1 study, 74 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No studies contributed data to the comparisons of rice fortification versus no intervention. The studies involving folic acid and zinc also involved iron in the fortification arms and hence we reported them as part of the first comparison. Authors' conclusions Fortification of rice with iron alone or in combination with other micronutrients may make little or no difference in the risk of having anaemia or presenting iron deficiency and we are uncertain about an increase in mean haemoglobin concentrations in the general population older than 2 years of age. Fortification of rice with iron and other micronutrients such as vitamin A or folic acid may make little or no difference in the risk of having vitamin A deficiency or on the serum folate concentration. There is limited evidence on any adverse effects of rice fortification. Plain language summary Fortification of rice with vitamins and minerals for addressing micronutrient malnutrition What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to assess whether rice fortification with one or more vitamins and minerals in the general population aged two years or older improves nutritional status. Key messages Fortification of rice with iron alone or in combination with other micronutrients may make little or no difference in the risk of having anaemia but probably reduces the risk of iron deficiency and increases mean haemoglobin concentrations in population aged two years or above. If vitamin A is added, it may reduce the risk of having vitamin A deficiency and when folic acid is added, fortified rice may slightly increase serum folate concentrations. What was studied in this review? Micronutrient malnutrition compromises the health and well‐being of populations in many low‐ and middle‐income countries. Fortification is the addition of nutrients to foods to improve their nutritional quality. Rice is widely consumed as a staple food and is suitable for adopting as a food vehicle for fortification. This review addresses the benefits and harms of rice fortification with vitamins and minerals on micronutrient status along with health‐related outcomes, among participants aged two years and above, in addition to outcomes relevant to deficiencies in iron, vitamin A, zinc and folate. What are the main results of the review? We identified 17 studies (involving 10,483 participants) from Bangladesh, Brazil, Burundi, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Philippines, Thailand and USA. Twelve were randomised studies (2238 participants); 10 involved children, and two studies involved non‐pregnant non‐lactating women. In addition to iron, some studies had vitamin A, zinc or folic acid as fortifying agents, alone or in combination. Five non‐randomised studies (8245 participants), were assessed to augment the information on implementation and impact of fortification. The included studies were funded by government, private and non‐governmental organisations, along with other academic institutions. The source of funding does not appear to have altered the results. We are uncertain about whether rice fortification with iron and other micronutrients reduces the risk of having anaemia although this intervention may increase mean haemoglobin concentrations (a biomarker of anaemia). We are uncertain if fortification of rice with iron alone or in combination with other micronutrients as compared to without any fortification, reduces the risk of iron deficiency. Furthermore, consumption of vitamin A in the fortified rice, may make little difference on haemoglobin and serum retinol concentrations (a biomarker of vitamin A nutrition). We do not know whether fortification of rice has any adverse effects, in the mid‐ or long‐term, as the evidence was very limited. We found that the overall certainty of the evidence ranged from very low to low. Also, all studies used iron to fortify rice, so the effect of isolated nutrients may be hidden. There was no significant publication bias across the studies. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for studies that had been published up to 10 December 2018.
 Interventions for postburn pruritus;  Abstract - Background Postburn pruritus (itch) is a common and distressing symptom experienced on healing or healed burn or donor site wounds. Topical, systemic, and physical treatments are available to control postburn pruritus; however, it remains unclear how effective these are. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for treating postburn pruritus in any care setting. Search methods In September 2022, we searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE (including In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations), Ovid Embase, and EBSCO CINAHL Plus. We also searched clinical trials registries and scanned references of relevant publications to identify eligible trials. There were no restrictions with respect to language, publication date, or study setting. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled people with postburn pruritus to compare an intervention for postburn pruritus with any other intervention, placebo or sham intervention, or no intervention. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 25 RCTs assessing 21 interventions with 1166 randomised participants. These 21 interventions can be grouped into six categories: neuromodulatory agents (such as doxepin, gabapentin, pregabalin, ondansetron), topical therapies (such as CQ‐01 hydrogel, silicone gel, enalapril ointment, Provase moisturiser, beeswax and herbal oil cream), physical modalities (such as massage therapy, therapeutic touch, extracorporeal shock wave therapy, enhanced education about silicone gel sheeting), laser scar revision (pulsed dye laser, pulsed high‐intensity laser, fractional CO2 laser), electrical stimulation (transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation), and other therapies (cetirizine/cimetidine combination, lemon balm tea). Most RCTs were conducted at academic hospitals and were at a high risk of performance, attrition, and detection bias. While 24 out of 25 included studies reported change in burn‐related pruritus, secondary outcomes such as cost‐effectiveness, pain, patient perception, wound healing, and participant health‐related quality of life were not reported or were reported incompletely. Neuromodulatory agents versus antihistamines or placebo There is low‐certainty evidence that doxepin cream may reduce burn‐related pruritus compared with oral antihistamine (mean difference (MD) ‐2.60 on a 0 to 10 visual analogue scale (VAS), 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐3.79 to ‐1.42; 2 studies, 49 participants). A change of 2 points represents a minimal clinically important difference (MCID). Due to very low‐certainty evidence, it is uncertain whether doxepin cream impacts the incidence of somnolence as an adverse event compared to oral antihistamine (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% CI 0.32 to 1.25; 1 study, 24 participants). No data were reported on pain in the included study. There is low‐certainty evidence that gabapentin may reduce burn‐related pruritus compared with cetirizine (MD ‐2.40 VAS, 95% CI ‐4.14 to ‐0.66; 1 study, 40 participants). A change of 2 points represents a MCID. There is low‐certainty evidence that gabapentin reduces the incidence of somnolence compared to cetirizine (RR 0.02, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.38; 1 study, 40 participants). No data were reported on pain in the included study. There is low‐certainty evidence that pregabalin may result in a reduction in burn‐related pruritus intensity compared with cetirizine with pheniramine maleate (MD ‐0.80 VAS, 95% CI ‐1.24 to ‐0.36; 1 study, 40 participants). A change of 2 points represents a MCID. There is low‐certainty evidence that pregabalin reduces the incidence of somnolence compared to cetirizine (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.69; 1 study, 40 participants). No data were reported on pain in the included study. There is moderate‐certainty evidence that ondansetron probably results in a reduction in burn‐related pruritus intensity compared with diphenhydramine (MD ‐0.76 on a 0 to 10 numeric analogue scale (NAS), 95% CI ‐1.50 to ‐0.02; 1 study, 38 participants). A change of 2 points represents a MCID. No data were reported on pain and adverse events in the included study. Topical therapies versus relevant comparators There is moderate‐certainty evidence that enalapril ointment probably decreases mean burn‐related pruritus compared with placebo control (MD ‐0.70 on a 0 to 4 scoring table for itching, 95% CI ‐1.04 to ‐0.36; 1 study, 60 participants). No data were reported on pain and adverse events in the included study. Physical modalities versus relevant comparators Compared with standard care, there is low‐certainty evidence that massage may reduce burn‐related pruritus (standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐0.86, 95% CI ‐1.45 to ‐0.27; 2 studies, 166 participants) and pain (SMD ‐1.32, 95% CI ‐1.66 to ‐0.98). These SMDs equate to a 4.60‐point reduction in pruritus and a 3.74‐point reduction in pain on a 10‐point VAS. A change of 2 VAS points in itch represents a MCID. No data were reported on adverse events in the included studies. There is low‐certainty evidence that extracorporeal shock wave therapy (ESWT) may reduce burn‐related pruritus compared with sham stimulation (SMD ‐1.20, 95% CI ‐1.65 to ‐0.75; 2 studies, 91 participants). This equates to a 5.93‐point reduction in pruritus on a 22‐point 12‐item Pruritus Severity Scale. There is low‐certainty evidence that ESWT may reduce pain compared with sham stimulation (MD 2.96 on a 0 to 25 pressure pain threshold (PPT), 95% CI 1.76 to 4.16; 1 study, 45 participants). No data were reported on adverse events in the included studies. Laser scar revision versus untreated or placebo controls There is moderate‐certainty evidence that pulsed high‐intensity laser probably results in a reduction in burn‐related pruritus intensity compared with placebo laser (MD ‐0.51 on a 0 to 1 Itch Severity Scale (ISS), 95% CI ‐0.64 to ‐0.38; 1 study, 49 participants). There is moderate‐certainty evidence that pulsed high‐intensity laser probably reduces pain compared with placebo laser (MD ‐3.23 VAS, 95% CI ‐5.41 to ‐1.05; 1 study, 49 participants). No data were reported on adverse events in the included studies. Authors' conclusions There is moderate to low‐certainty evidence on the effects of 21 interventions. Most studies were small and at a high risk of bias related to blinding and incomplete outcome data. Where there is moderate‐certainty evidence, practitioners should consider the applicability of the evidence for their patients. Plain language summary What are the treatments for postburn itch and how effective are they? Key messages Neuromodulatory agents, such as gabapentin and pregabalin, are drugs that can help manage how the body senses and responds to itch. These drugs may reduce postburn itch compared with oral antihistamines. Physical modalities showed variance in their effectiveness at reducing postburn itch. Massage therapy and extracorporeal shock wave therapy probably reduce postburn itch compared with relevant controls, while therapeutic touch may increase postburn itch compared with nursing presence. Topical interventions also showed variance in their effectiveness at reducing postburn itch. Enalapril ointment probably reduces postburn itch compared with placebo control, while Provase moisturiser may have no effect on postburn itch compared with control moisturiser. What is postburn pruritus (itch)? Postburn pruritus is a common and well‐recognised condition that typically presents in two distinct time frames and clinical contexts. First is transient wound healing pruritus, which occurs early in acute wound healing and is very common but short‐lived. The second is burn scar pruritus, which is long‐lasting and somewhat resistant to treatment. What did we want to find out? We wanted to see which interventions compared with their relative comparators would reduce burn‐related itch. For each intervention, we looked at: ‐ change in burn‐related itch; ‐ harmful effects (for example, drowsiness) after treatment; ‐ value for money; ‐ pain; ‐ participants' perceived satisfaction with the intervention; ‐ wound healing; ‐ quality of life. What did we do? We included studies that recruited participants of any age, and either sex, who experienced itch on the burn, grafted, or donor site and were treated in any care setting. We searched for studies where: ‐ participants had established burn‐related itch (but not those that were at risk for burn‐related itch); ‐ participants were randomised to assess the effect of different interventions with respect to relevant comparators. What did we find? We included 25 studies evaluating 21 interventions with a total of 1166 participants. Six studies compared neuromodulatory agents with antihistamine or placebo comparators. Four studies compared different types of lasers with either untreated or placebo comparators. Two studies compared electrical stimulation with either standard care or sham stimulation. Six studies compared different types of physical modalities (e.g. massage therapy, therapeutic touch, extracorporeal shock wave therapy, enhanced education on silicone gel sheeting) with relevant comparators. Five studies compared different types of topical therapies (e.g. silicone gel, hydrogel, enalapril ointment, Provase moisturiser, and beeswax and herbal oil cream) with relevant comparators. The other two studies compared different combination and herbal therapies. ‐ While all studies reported change in burn‐related itch, only four reported harmful effects. Value for money, participants' perceived satisfaction with the intervention, and wound healing were not reported in any of the included studies. ‐ In terms of neuromodulatory agents, while gabapentin, pregabalin, and doxepin may be more effective in reducing postburn itch compared with oral antihistamines, we have higher confidence that ondansetron probably reduces postburn itch compared with oral antihistamines. ‐ In terms of topical therapies, CQ‐01 (hydrogel) may be more effective in reducing postburn itch compared with relevant controls. Enalapril ointment probably reduces postburn itch compared with placebo control. Silicone gel cream and Provase moisturiser may have little to no effect on postburn itch. The impact of beeswax and herbal oil cream on postburn itch could not be determined due to unavailable data. ‐ In terms of physical modalities, enhanced education on silicone gel sheeting may be more effective in reducing postburn itch compared with conventional education. Massage therapy and extracorporeal shock wave therapy may be more effective in reducing postburn itch compared with relevant controls. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are not very confident in the evidence because there were only one or two studies available for each comparison and most of the studies recruited a small number of participants (46 participants on average). Most studies used methods that could introduce errors in their results, such as participants being aware of which treatment group they were assigned to. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This summary is up‐to‐date as of September 2022.
 Dietary interventions for multiple sclerosis‐related outcomes;  Abstract - Background Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a common demyelinating disease of the central nervous system. Although the exact pathogenesis remains unknown, the leading theory is that it results from immune system dysregulation. Approved disease‐modifying therapy appears to modulate the immune system to improve MS‐related outcomes. There is substantial interest in the ability of dietary interventions to influence MS‐related outcomes. This is an update of the Cochrane Review 'Dietary interventions for multiple sclerosis' (Farinotti 2003; Farinotti 2007; Farinotti 2012). Objectives To assess the effects of dietary interventions (including dietary plans with recommendations for specific whole foods, macronutrients, and natural health products) compared to placebo or another intervention on health outcomes (including MS‐related outcomes and serious adverse events) in people with MS. Search methods On 30 May 2019, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science. We also searched ClinicalTrials.gov, World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), and Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations (NDLTD). We checked reference lists in identified trials and requested information from trial authors to identify any additional published or unpublished data. Selection criteria We included any randomized controlled trial (RCT) or controlled clinical trial (CCT) examining the effect of a dietary intervention versus placebo or another intervention among participants with MS on MS‐related outcomes, including relapses, disability progression, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Planned primary outcomes were number of participants experiencing relapse and change in disability progression, according to a validated disability scale at the last reported follow‐up. Secondary outcomes included MRI activity, safety, and patient‐reported outcomes. We entered and analysed data in Review Manager 5. Main results We found 41 full‐text articles examining 30 trials following full‐text review. Participants were adults with MS, defined by established criteria, presenting to MS clinics in Europe, North America, and the Middle East. Study design varied considerably, although all trials had at least one methodological issue leading to unknown or high risk of bias. Trials examined: supplementation to increase polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (11 trials); a variety of antioxidant supplements (10 trials); dietary programmes (3 trials); and other dietary supplements (e.g. acetyl L‐carnitine, biotin, creatine, palmitoylethanolamide, probiotic, riboflavin) (6 trials). In three trials comparing PUFAs with monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), the evidence was very uncertain concerning difference in relapses (risk ratio (RR) 1.02, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.88 to 1.20; 3 studies, 217 participants; 75% in the PUFA group versus 74% in the MUFA group; very low‐certainty evidence). Among four trials comparing PUFAs with MUFAs, there may be little to no difference in global impression of deterioration (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.03; 4 studies, 542 participants; 40% in the PUFA group versus 47% in the MUFA group; low‐certainty evidence). In two trials comparing PUFAs with MUFAs (102 participants), there was very low‐certainty evidence for change in disability progression. None of the PUFA versus MUFA trials examined MRI outcomes. In one trial comparing PUFAs with MUFAs (40 participants), there were no serious adverse events; based on low‐certainty evidence. In two trials comparing different PUFAs (omega‐3 versus omega‐6), there may be little to no difference in relapses (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.66; 2 studies, 129 participants; 30% in the omega‐3 versus 29% in the omega‐6 group; low‐certainty evidence). Among three trials comparing omega‐3 with omega‐6, there may be little to no difference in change in disability progression, measured as mean change in Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) (mean difference (MD) 0.00, 95% CI ‐0.30 to 0.30; 3 studies, 166 participants; low‐certainty evidence). In one trial comparing omega‐3 with omega‐6, there was likely no difference in global impression of deterioration (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.91; 1 study, 86 participants; 29% in omega‐3 versus 29% in omega‐6 group; moderate‐certainty evidence). In one trial comparing omega‐3 with omega‐6 (86 participants), there was likely no difference in number of new T1‐ weighted gadolinium‐enhancing lesions, based on moderate‐certainty evidence. In four trials comparing omega‐3 with omega‐6, there may be little to no difference in serious adverse events (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.38 to 3.31; 4 studies, 230 participants; 6% in omega‐3 versus 5% in omega‐6 group; low‐certainty evidence). In four trials examining antioxidant supplementation with placebo, there may be little to no difference in relapses (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.64; 4 studies, 345 participants; 17% in the antioxidant group versus 17% in the placebo group; low‐certainty evidence). In six trials examining antioxidant supplementation with placebo, the evidence was very uncertain concerning change in disability progression, measured as mean change of EDSS (MD ‐0.19, 95% CI ‐0.49 to 0.11; 6 studies, 490 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). In two trials examining antioxidant supplementation with placebo, there may be little to no difference in global impression of deterioration (RR 0.99, 95% 0.50 to 1.93; 2 studies, 190 participants; 15% in the antioxidant group versus 15% in the placebo group; low‐certainty evidence). In two trials examining antioxidant supplementation with placebo, the evidence was very uncertain concerning difference in gadolinium‐enhancing lesions (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.09 to 4.88; 2 studies, 131 participants; 11% in the antioxidant group versus 16% in the placebo group; very low‐certainty evidence). In three trials examining antioxidant supplementation versus placebo, there may be little to no difference in serious adverse events (RR. 0.72, 95% CI 0.17 to 3.08; 3 studies, 222 participants; 3% in the antioxidant group versus 4% in the placebo group; low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions There are a variety of controlled trials addressing the effects of dietary interventions for MS with substantial variation in active treatment, comparator, and outcomes of interest. PUFA administration may not differ when compared to alternatives with regards to relapse rate, disability worsening, or overall clinical status in people with MS, but evidence is uncertain. Similarly, at present, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether supplementation with antioxidants or other dietary interventions have any impact on MS‐related outcomes. Plain language summary Dietary interventions for multiple sclerosis‐related outcomes Review question We assessed the effects of any dietary intervention for multiple sclerosis (MS) (with the exception of vitamin D, which is the subject of a separate Cochrane Review). We used the evidence from randomized controlled trials which are a type of study whereby people are allocated at random to receive one of the clinical interventions. Background MS is a disorder where there is damage to the connecting fibres (white matter) in the brain and spinal cord. This can result in a variety of neurological symptoms, including weakness, vision loss, sensory alteration, incoordination, and problems with bowel and bladder. The cause is unknown, but the leading theory is that the body's own immune system plays a role in the disease. Approved treatments for MS work by regulating the immune system. There is interest in whether dietary interventions, such as specific diets or dietary supplements may influence MS. Study characteristics From our search of the literature, we found 41 full‐text reports of 30 trials, studying a variety of dietary interventions. Eleven trials examined polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), 10 examined a variety of antioxidant supplements, three examined dietary programmes, and six trials examined other dietary supplements. Key results and certainty of the evidence Among clinical trials comparing PUFAs to monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), there may be little to no difference in MS relapses or global impression of deterioration. A single trial comparing PUFAs with MUFAs reported no serious adverse events. Among trials comparing one PUFA type to another, there may be little to no difference in MS relapses or disability progression. There was likely no difference in global impression of deterioration or enhancing MS lesions by PUFA type. There may be little to no difference in serious adverse events by PUFA type. Among studies examining antioxidant supplementation, there may be little to no difference in MS relapses or global impression of deterioration. There was very low‐certainty evidence regarding the effect of antioxidant versus placebo on disability worsening and enhancing MS lesions. There may be little to no difference in serious adverse events between antioxidant and placebo. Otherwise, studies of dietary programmes and other dietary supplements were too different to group together for analysis. Many of the trials had problems with their design or implementation that could have affected our confidence in the results. At present, there is insufficient high‐certainty evidence as to whether dietary interventions change the course of MS. The evidence is current to May 2019.
 Lactoferrin for the postoperative management of term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery;  Abstract - Background Neonates who have undergone gastrointestinal surgery are particularly susceptible to infectious complications in the postoperative period. This may be due in part to disruption of the integrity of the gut and its altered intestinal microflora. Lactoferrin is a whey protein found in milk and is an important innate mammalian defence mechanism. Lactoferrin has been reported to have antimicrobial and anti‐inflammatory properties. It has also been reported to help establish a healthy gut microflora and aid in the intestinal immune system. Lactoferrin supplementation has been reported to decrease sepsis in preterm infants. There may be a role for lactoferrin to reduce the incidence of sepsis, thus reducing morbidity and mortality and improving enteral feeding in postoperative term neonates. Objectives The primary objective of this review was to evaluate the efficacy of administering lactoferrin on the incidence of sepsis and mortality in term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery. The secondary objective was to assess the impact of administering lactoferrin on time to full enteral feeds, the intestinal microflora, duration of hospital stay, and mortality before discharge in the same population. Search methods The Cochrane Neonatal Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, Embase Ovid, CINAHL, the WHO ICTRP and ClinicalTrials.gov trials registries. The date of the last search was February 2023. There were no restrictions to language, publication year or publication type. We checked references of potentially relevant studies and systematic reviews. Selection criteria We planned to include randomised controlled trials that studied infants born at 37 or more weeks of gestation who had one or more episodes of gastrointestinal surgery within 28 days of birth, and compared administration of lactoferrin with a placebo. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We planned to use the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results We identified no published randomised controlled studies that assessed the efficacy of lactoferrin for the postoperative management of term neonates following gastrointestinal surgery. Authors' conclusions There is currently no evidence available from randomised controlled trials to show whether lactoferrin is effective or ineffective for the postoperative management of term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery. There is a need for randomised controlled trials to be performed to assess the role of lactoferrin in this setting. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of giving lactoferrin to full‐term babies who had digestive tract surgery? Key message We found no medical studies that investigated the effects of giving lactoferrin (a protein found in milk) to babies born at full‐term (at or after 37 weeks of pregnancy) who had surgery of their digestive tract. What is lactoferrin? Lactoferrin is a protein found in milk that can protect against infection. Lactoferrin supplements are available and have been researched in premature babies. There is some evidence that lactoferrin can prevent infection in premature babies. What are some of the risks of digestive tract surgery in babies? Surgery of the digestive tract increases the risk of infection. Infections can increase the length of stay in hospital. Treatment with antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections) and stress from surgery can disrupt good bacteria in the digestive tract. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out if giving lactoferrin to full‐term babies, after digestive tract surgery, decreased rates of infection and death, and improved the presence of good bacteria in the digestive tract. What did we do? We searched for studies in which babies who had digestive tract surgery were assigned randomly to lactoferrin or a placebo (a 'dummy' treatment that does not contain any medicine but looks or tastes the same as the medicine being tested). What did we find? We did not find any studies that compared giving lactoferrin to a placebo in full‐term babies who had digestive tract surgery. Well‐designed and large studies are needed to answer this question.  How up to date is this evidence? The search is up‐to‐date as of February 2023.
 Vitamin E supplementation for prevention of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Treating very low birth weight (VLBW) infants with pharmacologic doses of vitamin E as an antioxidant agent has been proposed for preventing or limiting retinopathy of prematurity, intracranial hemorrhage, hemolytic anemia, and chronic lung disease. However, excessive doses of vitamin E may result in concerning side effects. Objectives To assess the effects of vitamin E supplementation on morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. Search methods MEDLINE (October 2002), EMBASE (March 2002), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 1, 2003), and personal files for clinical trials assessing vitamin E in preterm infants were searched. The MEDLINE and CCTR searches were updated in March 2007. Selection criteria Trials analyzing primary outcomes (mortality or combined long‐term morbidity) or secondary outcomes (other morbidity) in infants with gestational age less than 37 weeks or birth weight less than 2500 grams were selected. The intervention was allocation to routine supplementation with vitamin E in the treatment group versus placebo, no treatment or another type, dose or route of administration of vitamin E. Data collection and analysis The standard methods of the Cochrane Collaboration and of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group were used. Main results Twenty‐six randomized clinical trials fulfilled entry criteria. No study assessed combined long‐term morbidity. Routine vitamin E supplementation significantly increased hemoglobin concentration by a small amount. Vitamin E significantly reduced the risk of germinal matrix/intraventricular hemorrhage and increased the risk of sepsis; however, heterogeneity limits the strength of these latter two inferences. Vitamin E did not significantly affect other morbidity or mortality. In VLBW infants, vitamin E supplementation significantly increased the risk of sepsis, and reduced the risk of severe retinopathy and blindness among those examined.   Subgroup analyses demonstrated (1) an association between intravenous, high‐dose vitamin E supplementation and increased risk of sepsis and of parenchymal cerebral hemorrhage; (2) an association between vitamin E supplementation by other than the intravenous route and reduced risk of germinal matrix‐intraventricular hemorrhage and of severe intraventricular hemorrhage; and (3) an association between serum tocopherol levels greater than 3.5 mg/dl and increased risk of sepsis and reduced risk for severe retinopathy among those examined. Authors' conclusions Vitamin E supplementation in preterm infants reduced the risk of intracranial hemorrhage but increased the risk of sepsis. In very low birth weight infants, vitamin E increased the risk of sepsis, and reduced the risk of severe retinopathy and blindness among those examined. Evidence does not support the routine use of vitamin E supplementation by intravenous route at high doses or aiming at serum tocopherol levels greater than 3.5 mg/dl. Plain language summary Vitamin E supplementation for prevention of morbidity and mortality in preterm infants Giving extra vitamin E to preterm babies can provide some benefits, but it increases the risk of life‐threatening infections. Preterm babies (born before 37 weeks) can develop a range of problems because their organs are not mature. Vitamin E may be able to help prevent or limit some of these problems, but it can potentially also have harmful effects. Breast milk of a woman who has given birth prematurely has higher than usual levels of vitamin E. Preterm babies can be given extra vitamin E as vitamin drops, in vitamin E‐enriched formula, in intravenous fluids, or by injection into their muscles. This review of studies of vitamin E supplements found that while extra vitamin E reduces the chances of some complications (including disease of the retina), the risk of life‐threatening infection is increased. The risk of bleeding in the brain is increased when extra vitamin E is given by vein but decreased when the extra vitamin E is given by other routes.
 Oral protein‐based supplements versus placebo or no treatment for people with chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis;  Abstract - Background Malnutrition is common in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) on dialysis. Oral protein‐based nutritional supplements are often provided to patients whose oral intake is otherwise insufficient to meet their energy and protein needs. Evidence for the effectiveness of oral protein‐based nutritional supplements in this population is limited. Objectives The aims of this review were to determine the benefits and harms of using oral protein‐based nutritional supplements to improve the nutritional state of patients with CKD requiring dialysis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 12 December 2019 through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Studies in the Register are identified through searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Register (ICTRP) Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of patients with CKD requiring dialysis that compared oral protein‐based nutritional supplements to no oral protein‐based nutritional supplements or placebo. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed studies for eligibility, risk of bias, and extracted data from individual studies. Summary estimates of effect were obtained using a random‐effects model, and results were expressed as risk ratios and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) for dichotomous outcomes, and mean difference and 95% CI for continuous outcomes. Main results Twenty‐two studies (1278 participants) were included in this review. All participants were adults on maintenance dialysis of whom 79% were on haemodialysis (HD) and 21% peritoneal dialysis. The follow‐up period ranged from one to 12 months. The majority of studies were at unclear risk of selection, performance, and reporting bias. The detection bias was high for self‐reported outcomes. Oral protein‐based nutritional supplements probably lead to a higher mean change in serum albumin compared to the control group (16 studies, 790 participants: MD 0.19 g/dL, 95% CI 0.05 to 0.33; moderate certainty evidence), although there was considerable heterogeneity in the combined analysis (I 2  = 84%). The increase was more evident in HD participants (10 studies, 526 participants: MD 0.28 g/dL, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.46; P = 0.001 for overall effect) and malnourished participants (8 studies, 405 participants: MD 0.31 g/dL, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.52, P = 0.003 for overall effect). Oral protein‐based nutritional supplements also probably leads to a higher mean serum albumin at the end of the intervention (14 studies, 715 participants: MD 0.14 g/dL, 95% CI 0 to 0.27; moderate certainty evidence), however heterogeneity was again high (I 2  = 80%). Again the increase was more evident in HD participants (9 studies, 498 participants: MD 0.21 g/dL, 95% CI 0.03 to 0.38; P = 0.02 for overall effect) and malnourished participants (7 studies, 377 participants: MD 0.25 g/dL, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.47; P = 0.03 for overall effect). Compared to placebo or no supplement, low certainty evidence showed oral protein‐based nutritional supplements may result in a higher serum prealbumin (4 studies, 225 participants: MD 2.81 mg/dL, 95% CI 2.19 to 3.43), and mid‐arm muscle circumference (4 studies, 216 participants: MD 1.33 cm, 95% CI 0.24 to 2.43) at the end of the intervention. Compared to placebo or no supplement, oral protein‐based nutritional supplements may make little or no difference to weight (8 studies, 365 participants: MD 2.83 kg, 95% CI ‐0.43 to 6.09; low certainty evidence), body mass index (9 studies, 368 participants: MD ‐0.04 kg/m 2 , 95% CI ‐0.74 to 0.66; moderate certainty evidence) and lean mass (5 studies, 189 participants: MD 1.27 kg, 95% CI ‐1.61 to 4.51; low certainty evidence). Due to very low quality of evidence, it is uncertain whether oral protein‐based nutritional supplements affect triceps skinfold thickness, mid‐arm circumference, C‐reactive protein, Interleukin 6, serum potassium, or serum phosphate. There may be little or no difference in the risk of developing gastrointestinal intolerance between participants who received oral protein‐based nutritional supplements compared with placebo or no supplement (6 studies, 426 participants: RR 2.81, 95% CI 0.58 to 13.65, low certainty evidence). It was not possible to draw conclusions about cost or quality of life, and deaths were not reported as a study outcome in any of the included studies. Authors' conclusions Overall, it is likely that oral protein‐based nutritional supplements increase both mean change in serum albumin and serum albumin at end of intervention and may improve serum prealbumin and mid‐arm muscle circumference. The improvement in serum albumin was more evident in haemodialysis and malnourished participants. However, it remains uncertain whether these results translate to improvement in nutritional status and clinically relevant outcomes such as death. Large well‐designed RCTs in this population are required. Plain language summary Oral protein‐based nutritional supplement in people with chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis What is the issue?  People with chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis are at risk of developing malnutrition for many reasons and often do not eat enough because their appetite is poor. Oral nutritional supplements are commonly provided to people who do not eat enough to meet their needs. Provision of nutritional supplements to dialysis patients requires careful consideration of potassium, phosphate and fluid limits. What did we do?  We aimed to determine if giving oral protein‐based nutritional supplements improved serum albumin levels and other measures of nutrition. What did we find?  A total of 1278 people took part in 22 studies that were included in this review to investigate the effects of oral protein‐based nutritional supplements. All participants were adults on maintenance dialysis (79% haemodialysis and 21% peritoneal dialysis). The studies lasted from one to 12 months. The findings suggest that giving oral protein‐based nutritional supplementation probably results in a slightly greater increase in albumin level and may improve prealbumin level and mid‐arm muscle circumference. The increase in albumin level was more evident in participants who were on haemodialysis and in those who were malnourished. It is uncertain whether oral protein‐based nutritional supplementation affects potassium and phosphate levels. Oral protein‐based nutritional supplements may result in little or no difference in the risk of developing abdominal symptoms.There were some differences between the quality of the studies and their designs. Conclusions  The authors conclude that oral protein‐based nutritional supplements appear to be effective in improving some nutritional markers in people who need dialysis; however, it remains uncertain whether these results translate to meaningful outcomes for this population. More research is required to determine the cost‐effectiveness of this treatment, and if it can bring benefit to patients such as feeling better and living longer.
 Interventions for cutaneous disease in systemic lupus erythematosus;  Abstract - Background Lupus erythematosus is an autoimmune disease with significant morbidity and mortality. Cutaneous disease in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is common. Many interventions are used to treat SLE with varying efficacy, risks, and benefits. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for cutaneous disease in SLE. Search methods We searched the following databases up to June 2019: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, Wiley Interscience Online Library, and Biblioteca Virtual em Saude (Virtual Health Library). We updated our search in September 2020, but these results have not yet been fully incorporated. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for cutaneous disease in SLE compared with placebo, another intervention, no treatment, or different doses of the same intervention. We did not evaluate trials of cutaneous lupus in people without a diagnosis of SLE. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcomes were complete and partial clinical response. Secondary outcomes included reduction (or change) in number of clinical flares; and severe and minor adverse events. We used GRADE to assess the quality of evidence. Main results Sixty‐one RCTs, involving 11,232 participants, reported 43 different interventions. Trials predominantly included women from outpatient clinics; the mean age range of participants was 20 to 40 years. Twenty‐five studies reported baseline severity, and 22 studies included participants with moderate to severe cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE); duration of CLE was not well reported. Studies were conducted mainly in multi‐centre settings. Most often treatment duration was 12 months. Risk of bias was highest for the domain of reporting bias, followed by performance/detection bias. We identified too few studies for meta‐analysis for most comparisons. We limited this abstract to main comparisons (all administered orally) and outcomes. We did not identify clinical trials of other commonly used treatments, such as topical corticosteroids, that reported complete or partial clinical response or numbers of clinical flares. Complete clinical response Studies comparing oral hydroxychloroquine against placebo did not report complete clinical response. Chloroquine may increase complete clinical response at 12 months' follow‐up compared with placebo (absence of skin lesions) (risk ratio (RR) 1.57, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.95 to 2.61; 1 study, 24 participants; low‐quality evidence). There may be little to no difference between methotrexate and chloroquine in complete clinical response (skin rash resolution) at 6 months' follow‐up (RR 1.13, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.50; 1 study, 25 participants; low‐quality evidence). Methotrexate may be superior to placebo with regard to complete clinical response (absence of malar/discoid rash) at 6 months' follow‐up (RR 3.57, 95% CI 1.63 to 7.84; 1 study, 41 participants; low‐quality evidence). At 12 months' follow‐up, there may be little to no difference between azathioprine and ciclosporin in complete clinical response (malar rash resolution) (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.52; 1 study, 89 participants; low‐quality evidence). Partial clinical response Partial clinical response was reported for only one key comparison: hydroxychloroquine may increase partial clinical response at 12 months compared to placebo, but the 95% CI indicates that hydroxychloroquine may make no difference or may decrease response (RR 7.00, 95% CI 0.41 to 120.16; 20 pregnant participants, 1 trial; low‐quality evidence). Clinical flares Clinical flares were reported for only two key comparisons: hydroxychloroquine is probably superior to placebo at 6 months' follow‐up for reducing clinical flares (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.89; 1 study, 47 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). At 12 months' follow‐up, there may be no difference between methotrexate and placebo, but the 95% CI indicates there may be more or fewer flares with methotrexate (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.32 to 1.83; 1 study, 86 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Adverse events Data for adverse events were limited and were inconsistently reported, but hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine, and methotrexate have well‐documented adverse effects including gastrointestinal symptoms, liver problems, and retinopathy for hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine and teratogenicity during pregnancy for methotrexate. Authors' conclusions Evidence supports the commonly‐used treatment hydroxychloroquine, and there is also evidence supporting chloroquine and methotrexate for treating cutaneous disease in SLE. Evidence is limited due to the small number of studies reporting key outcomes. Evidence for most key outcomes was low or moderate quality, meaning findings should be interpreted with caution. Head‐to‐head intervention trials designed to detect differences in efficacy between treatments for specific CLE subtypes are needed. Thirteen further trials are awaiting classification and have not yet been incorporated in this review; they may alter the review conclusions. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of different treatments for skin disease in people with systemic lupus erythematosus (an autoimmune disease that affects the whole body) Why is this question important? Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE; also known as ‘lupus’) is a disease in which the body's immune (defence) system mistakenly attacks healthy tissue in many parts of the body. It affects 7.5 million people worldwide. Around 70% of affected people develop skin problems such as rash on the nose or cheeks. Often, SLE also causes pain in joints and muscles and extreme tiredness. Symptoms can improve temporarily, or they can worsen suddenly (flares). In severe cases, SLE can cause life‐threatening damage to the heart, lungs, brain, or kidneys. There is no cure for SLE. However, there are treatments designed to improve symptoms. In particular, there are a range of options for treating skin problems. • Medicines that can be taken by mouth (orally), applied as creams, or given as injections. • Therapies to help people cope with their skin problems, such as talking therapies. • Other approaches, including herbal medicine, light therapy, or make‐up. To find out which treatments work best for people with SLE, and to compare adverse (unwanted) effects, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? We searched the medical literature for studies that compared any treatment for skin disease in SLE against: • a placebo (dummy) treatment; • no treatment; • another treatment; or • a different dose of the same treatment. We compared the results and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and sizes and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found 61 studies that included 11,232 people (mostly women) and investigated 43 different treatments. Most treatments lasted one year, and people were followed for up to 48 months. Here we report the main findings of our review on the effects of five different oral medicines: hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine, methotrexate, ciclosporin, and azathioprine. Disappearance of skin problems We do not know if hydroxychloroquine is better or worse than placebo at making skin problems disappear because no studies reported information about this. The evidence suggests that: • chloroquine may be better at making skin problems disappear after 12 months than placebo (1 study, 24 people); • when we compare methotrexate and choloroquine, there may be little to no difference in how often they make skin rashes disappear after six months (1 study, 25 people); • methotrexate may be better for making skin rashes disappear after six months than placebo (1 study, 41 people); and • there may be little to no difference in how often skin problems disappear after 12 months between ciclosporin and aziathropine (1 study, 25 people). Partial disappearance of skin problems (at least 50% improvement in the skin condition) It is unclear if hydroxycholoroquine is better or worse than placebo at making skin problems disappear at least partially after 12 months. This is because the evidence is too imprecise (1 study, 20 pregnant women). No other studies have examined how treatments affect the partial disappearance of skin problems. Flares The evidence suggests that after six months, fewer flares probably occur with hydroxychloroquine than with placebo (1 study, 47 people). It is unclear if flares are more, or less, likely to occur after 12 months with methotrexate compared to placebo (1 study, 86 people). No other studies have reported information on how treatments affect flares. Adverse events Evidence is often imprecise, and whether treatments lead to more or fewer adverse events than placebo or other treatments is not clear. We found limited data for adverse events, and reports were discrepant, but hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine, and methotrexate have well‐known adverse effects including stomach and liver problems. Hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine can cause eye problems, and methotrexate can cause serious harm to a developing baby if taken during pregnancy. Other outcomes We do not know how treatments affect other aspects of disease severity or quality of life. This is because studies did not report information on this. What does this mean? When compared against a placebo, studies in people with SLE show that: • fewer flares probably occur with hydroxychloroquine; and • methotrexate and chloroquine may be better at making skin problems disappear. Information about adverse effects is limited. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to June 2019.
 Re‐feeding versus discarding gastric residuals to improve growth in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Routine monitoring of gastric residuals in preterm infants on tube feeds is a common practice in neonatal intensive care units used to guide initiation and advancement of enteral feeding. There is a paucity of consensus on whether to re‐feed or discard the aspirated gastric residuals. While re‐feeding gastric residuals may aid in digestion and promote gastrointestinal motility and maturation by replacing partially digested milk, gastrointestinal enzymes, hormones, and trophic substances, abnormal residuals may result in vomiting, necrotising enterocolitis, or sepsis. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of re‐feeding when compared to discarding gastric residuals in preterm infants.  Search methods Searches were conducted in February 2022 in Cochrane CENTRAL via CRS, Ovid MEDLINE and Embase, and CINAHL. We also searched clinical trial databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria We selected RCTs that compared re‐feeding versus discarding gastric residuals in preterm infants. Data collection and analysis Review authors assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias and extracted data, in duplicate. We analysed treatment effects in individual trials and reported the risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data and the mean difference (MD) for continuous data, with respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We found one eligible trial that included 72 preterm infants. The trial was unmasked but was otherwise of good methodological quality. Re‐feeding gastric residual may have little or no effect on time to regain birth weight (MD 0.40 days, 95% CI −2.89 to 3.69; 59 infants; low‐certainty evidence), risk of necrotising enterocolitis stage ≥ 2 or spontaneous intestinal perforation (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.04; 72 infants; low‐certainty evidence), all‐cause mortality before hospital discharge (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.14 to 1.85; 72 infants; low‐certainty evidence), time to establish enteral feeds ≥ 120 mL/kg/d (MD −1.30 days, 95% CI −2.93 to 0.33; 59 infants; low‐certainty evidence), number of total parenteral nutrition days (MD −0.30 days, 95% CI −2.07 to 1.47; 59 infants; low‐certainty evidence), and risk of extrauterine growth restriction at discharge (RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.38 to 4.34; 59 infants; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain as to the effect of re‐feeding gastric residual on number of episodes of feed interruption lasting for ≥ 12 hours (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.52; 59 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We found only limited data from one small unmasked trial on the efficacy and safety of re‐feeding gastric residuals in preterm infants. Low‐certainty evidence suggests re‐feeding gastric residual may have little or no effect on important clinical outcomes such as necrotising enterocolitis, all‐cause mortality before hospital discharge, time to establish enteral feeds, number of total parenteral nutrition days, and in‐hospital weight gain. A large RCT is needed to assess the efficacy and safety of re‐feeding of gastric residuals in preterm infants with adequate certainty of evidence to inform policy and practice. Plain language summary Re‐feeding versus discarding gastric residuals to improve growth in preterm infants Review question Does re‐feeding (giving again) stomach aspirates (partially digested milk and gut hormones withdrawn from feeding tube) in premature babies promote growth without causing feeding problems? Key messages • Limited evidence suggests re‐feeding stomach aspirates in premature babies may have little or no effect on important outcomes such as:        • the occurrence of severe intestinal disease that causes damage and death of intestinal tissue and may result in a hole in the premature baby's intestine (necrotising enterocolitis);       • time to regain birth weight;       • time to establish full enteral feeds (milk fed either orally or via a tube into the stomach or small bowel);       • number of days total parenteral nutrition (feeding through vein); and       • death before discharge. • The available evidence is insufficient to assess the potential benefits, as well as the possible risks, of re‐feeding of stomach aspirates in premature babies. Background It is common practice to monitor the stomach aspirates of preterm infants on tube feeds. Tube feeding means that the baby is fed through a small soft tube which is either placed in their nose or mouth and runs down their throat through the food pipe (oesophagus) to their stomach. The baby's stomach aspirates are monitored to identify possible feed intolerance (difficulty in digesting feeds) and necrotising enterocolitis. There is no agreement on whether to re‐feed or discard the stomach aspirates. Re‐feeding the aspirates may replace the partially digested milk and gut hormones that are necessary for gut maturity. However, re‐feeding abnormal aspirates may result in vomiting, necrotising enterocolitis, or infection. We looked for evidence from clinical trials that assessed whether re‐feeding stomach aspirates is beneficial or harmful in premature babies. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out whether re‐feeding stomach aspirates helps or harms premature babies. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated re‐feeding of stomach aspirates in premature babies. We compared and summarised the results of the studies. We rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as the size of the study and the methods used. What did we find? We found only one small study with 72 premature babies that investigated this question. Re‐feeding stomach aspirates may have little or no effect on important outcomes such as the occurrence of necrotising enterocolitis, death before discharge, time to establish full feeds, number of total parenteral nutrition days, and in‐hospital weight gain. We did not find information on other outcomes. What are the limitations of the evidence? More studies are needed before we will be able to tell whether re‐feeding is helpful or harmful to premature babies. How up to date is this evidence? The search is up‐to‐date as of February 2022.
 Routine monitoring of gastric residual for prevention of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Routine monitoring of gastric residual in preterm infants on gavage feeds is a common practice used to guide initiation and advancement of feeds. It is believed that an increase in or an altered gastric residual may be predictive of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC). Withholding monitoring of gastric residual may take away the early indicator and thus may increase the risk of NEC. However, routine monitoring of gastric residual as a guide, in the absence of uniform standards, may lead to unnecessary delay in initiation and advancement of feeds and hence might result in a delay in establishing full enteral feeds. This in turn may increase the duration of total parenteral nutrition (TPN) and central venous line usage, increasing the risk of associated complications. Furthermore, delays in establishing full enteral feeds increase the risk of extrauterine growth restriction and neurodevelopmental impairment. Objectives • To assess the efficacy and safety of routine monitoring versus no monitoring of gastric residual in preterm infants • To assess the efficacy and safety of routine monitoring of gastric residual based on two different criteria for interrupting feeds or decreasing feed volume in preterm infants Search methods We conducted searches in Cochrane CENTRAL via CRS, Ovid MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL in February 2022. We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐ and cluster‐RCTs. Selection criteria We selected RCTs that compared routine monitoring versus no monitoring of gastric residual and trials that used two different criteria for gastric residual to interrupt feeds in preterm infants. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed trial eligibility, risk of bias and extracted data. We analysed treatment effects in individual trials and reported risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data, and mean difference (MD) for continuous data, with respective 95% confidence intervals (CI). We calculated the number needed to treat for an additional beneficial/harmful outcome (NNTB/NNTH) for dichotomous outcomes with significant results. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included five studies (423 infants) in this updated review. Routine monitoring versus no routine monitoring of gastric residual in preterm infants Four RCTs with 336 preterm infants met the inclusion criteria for this comparison. Three studies were performed in infants with birth weight of < 1500 g, while one study included infants with birth weight between 750 g and 2000 g. The trials were unmasked but were otherwise of good methodological quality. Routine monitoring of gastric residual:  ‐ probably has little or no effect on the risk of NEC (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.46 to 2.57; 334 participants, 4 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence); ‐ probably increases the time to establish full enteral feeds (MD 3.14 days, 95% CI 1.93 to 4.36; 334 participants, 4 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence); ‐ may increase the time to regain birth weight (MD 1.70 days, 95% CI 0.01 to 3.39; 80 participants, 1 study; low‐certainty evidence);  ‐ may increase the number of infants with feed interruption episodes (RR 2.21, 95% CI 1.53 to 3.20; NNTH 3, 95% CI 2 to 5; 191 participants, 3 studies; low‐certainty evidence);  ‐ probably increases the number of TPN days (MD 2.57 days, 95% CI 1.20 to 3.95; 334 participants, 4 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence); ‐ probably increases the risk of invasive infection (RR 1.50, 95% CI 1.02 to 2.19; NNTH 10, 95% CI 5 to 100; 334 participants, 4 studies; moderate‐certainty evidence); ‐ may result in little or no difference in all‐cause mortality before hospital discharge (RR 2.14, 95% CI 0.77 to 5.97; 273 participants, 3 studies; low‐certainty evidence). Quality and volume of gastric residual compared to quality of gastric residual alone for feed interruption in preterm infants One trial with 87 preterm infants met the inclusion criteria for this comparison. The trial included infants with 1500 g to 2000 g birth weight.  Using two different criteria of gastric residual for feed interruption: ‐ may result in little or no difference in the incidence of NEC (RR 5.35, 95% CI 0.26 to 108.27; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence);  ‐ may result in little or no difference in time to establish full enteral feeds (MD ‐0.10 days, 95% CI ‐0.91 to 0.71; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence); ‐ may result in little or no difference in time to regain birth weight (MD 1.00 days, 95% CI ‐0.37 to 2.37; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence); ‐ may result in little or no difference in number of TPN days (MD 0.80 days, 95% CI ‐0.78 to 2.38; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence); ‐ may result in little or no difference in the risk of invasive infection (RR 5.35, 95% CI 0.26 to 108.27; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence); ‐ may result in little or no difference in all‐cause mortality before hospital discharge (RR 3.21, 95% CI 0.13 to 76.67; 87 participants; low‐certainty evidence).  ‐ we are uncertain about the effect of using two different criteria of gastric residual on the risk of feed interruption episodes (RR 3.21, 95% CI 0.13 to 76.67; 87 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Moderate‐certainty evidence suggests routine monitoring of gastric residual has little or no effect on the incidence of NEC. Moderate‐certainty evidence suggests monitoring gastric residual probably increases the time to establish full enteral feeds, the number of TPN days and the risk of invasive infection. Low‐certainty evidence suggests monitoring gastric residual may increase the time to regain birth weight and the number of feed interruption episodes, and may have little or no effect on all‐cause mortality before hospital discharge. Further RCTs are warranted to assess the effect on long‐term growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Plain language summary Does routine monitoring of stomach aspirates (partially digested milk and gut hormones withdrawn from the feeding tube) avoid necrotising enterocolitis in premature babies? Key messages Necrotising enterocolitis is a serious intestinal disease in premature babies that causes damage and death of gut tissue and may result in a hole in the intestine.  • Routine monitoring of stomach aspirates to decide on feeding in premature babies probably has little or no effect on the risk of necrotising enterocolitis. • Monitoring stomach aspirates probably increases the time taken to reach full feeds, duration of parenteral nutrition (feeding through a vein) and the risk of infections. It may increase the time taken to regain birth weight and feed interruption episodes (time frames when feeds are stopped temporarily) in premature babies. The effect of stomach aspirates monitoring on other important outcomes is uncertain. • There is uncertainty whether using two different criteria of stomach aspirates to interrupt feeds has an effect on important outcomes in preterm infants. Background Monitoring of stomach aspirates is performed by withdrawing the stomach contents via the feeding tube and assessing these contents for quantity and quality at regular intervals. Monitoring of stomach aspirates to diagnose feed intolerance and necrotising enterocolitis is a common practice in premature babies who are on tube feeds. There is inadequate evidence to support routine monitoring of stomach aspirates as a guide for when to start or increase feeds in otherwise healthy premature babies. However, not monitoring stomach aspirates may take away an early warning sign for necrotising enterocolitis and thus may increase its risk in premature infants. What did we want to find out? We wanted to look for evidence from studies that assessed whether routine monitoring of stomach aspirates is beneficial or harmful in premature babies. What did we do? We searched for studies that looked at monitoring of stomach contents in premature babies. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as the size of the study and the methods used.  What did we find? We included five studies (423 babies) in this review. We found four studies on 336 premature babies that compared routine monitoring versus no monitoring of stomach aspirates in premature babies. We found one study comparing the usage of two different sets of criteria based on quantity and quality of stomach aspirates to decide on interrupting feeds while monitoring stomach aspirates. What are the limitations of the evidence? We are moderately confident about the evidence on the effect of monitoring stomach aspirates on outcomes such as necrotising enterocolitis, risk of infections, time taken to reach full feeds, and duration of parenteral nutrition. How up‐to‐date is this evidence? The search is up‐to‐date as of February 2022.
 Nutritional labelling for healthier food or non‐alcoholic drink purchasing and consumption;  Abstract - Background Nutritional labelling is advocated as a means to promote healthier food purchasing and consumption, including lower energy intake. Internationally, many different nutritional labelling schemes have been introduced. There is no consensus on whether such labelling is effective in promoting healthier behaviour. Objectives To assess the impact of nutritional labelling for food and non‐alcoholic drinks on purchasing and consumption of healthier items. Our secondary objective was to explore possible effect moderators of nutritional labelling on purchasing and consumption. Search methods We searched 13 electronic databases including CENTRAL, MEDLINE and Embase to 26 April 2017. We also handsearched references and citations and sought unpublished studies through websites and trials registries. Selection criteria Eligible studies: were randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials (RCTs/Q‐RCTs), controlled before‐and‐after studies, or interrupted time series (ITS) studies; compared a labelled product (with information on nutrients or energy) with the same product without a nutritional label; assessed objectively measured purchasing or consumption of foods or non‐alcoholic drinks in real‐world or laboratory settings. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected studies for inclusion and extracted study data. We applied the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool and GRADE to assess the quality of evidence. We pooled studies that evaluated similar interventions and outcomes using a random‐effects meta‐analysis, and we synthesised data from other studies in a narrative summary. Main results We included 28 studies, comprising 17 RCTs, 5 Q‐RCTs and 6 ITS studies. Most (21/28) took place in the USA, and 19 took place in university settings, 14 of which mainly involved university students or staff. Most (20/28) studies assessed the impact of labelling on menus or menu boards, or nutritional labelling placed on, or adjacent to, a range of foods or drinks from which participants could choose. Eight studies provided participants with only one labelled food or drink option (in which labelling was present on a container or packaging, adjacent to the food or on a display board) and measured the amount consumed. The most frequently assessed labelling type was energy (i.e. calorie) information (12/28). Eleven studies assessed the impact of nutritional labelling on purchasing food or drink options in real‐world settings, including purchases from vending machines (one cluster‐RCT), grocery stores (one ITS), or restaurants, cafeterias or coffee shops (three RCTs, one Q‐RCT and five ITS). Findings on vending machines and grocery stores were not interpretable, and were rated as very low quality. A meta‐analysis of the three RCTs, all of which assessed energy labelling on menus in restaurants, demonstrated a statistically significant reduction of 47 kcal in energy purchased (MD −46.72 kcal, 95% CI −78.35, −15.10, N = 1877). Assuming an average meal of 600 kcal, energy labelling on menus would reduce energy purchased per meal by 7.8% (95% CI 2.5% to 13.1%). The quality of the evidence for these three studies was rated as low, so our confidence in the effect estimate is limited and may change with further studies. Of the remaining six studies, only two (both ITS studies involving energy labels on menus or menus boards in a coffee shop or cafeteria) were at low risk of bias, and their results support the meta‐analysis. The results of the other four studies which were conducted in a restaurant, cafeterias (2 studies) or a coffee shop, were not clearly reported and were at high risk of bias. Seventeen studies assessed the impact of nutritional labels on consumption in artificial settings or scenarios (henceforth referred to as laboratory studies or settings). Of these, eight (all RCTs) assessed the effect of labels on menus or placed on a range of food options. A meta‐analysis of these studies did not conclusively demonstrate a reduction in energy consumed during a meal (MD −50 kcal, 95% CI −104.41, 3.88, N = 1705). We rated the quality of the evidence as low, so our confidence in the effect estimate is limited and may change with further studies. Six laboratory studies (four RCTs and two Q‐RCTs) assessed the impact of labelling a single food or drink option (such as chocolate, pasta or soft drinks) on energy consumed during a snack or meal. A meta‐analysis of these studies did not demonstrate a statistically significant difference in energy (kcal) consumed (SMD 0.05, 95% CI −0.17 to 0.27, N = 732). However, the confidence intervals were wide, suggesting uncertainty in the true effect size. We rated the quality of the evidence as low, so our confidence in the effect estimate is limited and may change with further studies. There was no evidence that nutritional labelling had the unintended harm of increasing energy purchased or consumed. Indirect evidence came from five laboratory studies that involved mislabelling single nutrient content (i.e. placing low energy or low fat labels on high‐energy foods) during a snack or meal. A meta‐analysis of these studies did not demonstrate a statistically significant increase in energy (kcal) consumed (SMD 0.19, 95% CI −0.14to 0.51, N = 718). The effect was small and the confidence intervals wide, suggesting uncertainty in the true effect size. We rated the quality of the evidence from these studies as very low, providing very little confidence in the effect estimate. Authors' conclusions Findings from a small body of low‐quality evidence suggest that nutritional labelling comprising energy information on menus may reduce energy purchased in restaurants. The evidence assessing the impact on consumption of energy information on menus or on a range of food options in laboratory settings suggests a similar effect to that observed for purchasing, although the evidence is less definite and also of low quality. Accordingly, and in the absence of observed harms, we tentatively suggest that nutritional labelling on menus in restaurants could be used as part of a wider set of measures to tackle obesity. Additional high‐quality research in real‐world settings is needed to enable more certain conclusions. Further high‐quality research is also needed to address the dearth of evidence from grocery stores and vending machines and to assess potential moderators of the intervention effect, including socioeconomic status. Plain language summary Nutritional labelling to promote healthier consumption and purchasing of food or drinks A poor diet including excessive energy intake is an important cause of ill health. Nutritional labelling may help people to make healthier food choices. What is the aim of this review? This review investigated whether nutritional labels (i.e. labels providing information about nutritional content) persuade people to buy or consume different (healthy) kinds of food. We searched for all available evidence to answer this question and found 28 studies. Key messages There is evidence to suggest that nutritional labelling, with energy information (e.g. calorie counts) on menus, may reduce energy purchased in restaurants, but more high‐quality studies are needed to make this finding more certain. What was studied in the review? Some studies assessed buying food or drinks from vending machines, grocery stores, restaurants, cafeterias, or coffee shops. Others assessed the amount of food or drink consumed during a snack or meal in an artificial setting or scenario (referred to as laboratory studies or settings). What are the main results of the review? Nutritional labelling on restaurant menus reduced the amount of energy (i.e. calories) purchased, but the quality of the three studies that contributed to this finding was low, so our confidence in the effect estimate is limited and may change with further studies. Eight studies assessed this same type of intervention in laboratory settings, but instead of evaluating how much energy participants purchased, these studies evaluated how much energy participants consumed. These studies did not conclusively demonstrate a reduction in energy consumed when menus or foods were labelled, and they were also of low quality. In addition, six laboratory studies assessed how much energy participants consumed when they were given one food or drink option with or without labels, and five laboratory studies assessed how much energy participants consumed when foods were experimentally labelled as low energy or low fat when they were actually high‐energy foods (i.e. mislabelling). Results from these two groups of studies were inconclusive and of low, or in the case of mislabelling studies, very low quality. We found some studies that assessed labelling on vending machines and grocery stores, but their results were not easy to interpret, so we could not use them to inform this review. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence is current to 26 April 2017.
 Human milk‐derived fortifier versus bovine milk‐derived fortifier for prevention of mortality and morbidity in preterm neonates;  Abstract - Background Preterm infants who are fed breast milk in comparison to infant formula have decreased morbidity such as necrotizing enterocolitis. Multi‐nutrient fortifiers used to increase the nutritional content of the breast milk are commonly derived from bovine milk. Human milk‐derived multi‐nutrient fortifier is now available, but it is not clear if it improves outcomes in preterm infants fed with breast milk. Objectives To determine whether the fortification of breast milk feeds with human milk‐derived fortifier in preterm infants reduces mortality, morbidity, and promotes growth and development compared to bovine milk‐derived fortifier. Search methods We searched the following databases for relevant trials in September 2018. Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library, Issue 9), electronic journal reference databases including MEDLINE (1980 to 20 September 2018), PREMEDLINE, Embase (1974 to 20 September 2018), CINAHL (1982 to 20 September 2018), biological abstracts in the database BIOSIS and conference abstracts from 'Proceedings First' (from 1992 to 2011). We also included the following clinical trials registries for ongoing or recently completed trials: ClinicalTrials.gov ( ClinicalTrials.gov ), the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP;  www.whoint/ictrp/search/en/ ) and the ISRCTN Registry ( www.isrctn.com/ ), and abstracts of conferences: proceedings of Pediatric Academic Societies (American Pediatric Society, Society for Pediatric Research and European Society for Paediatric Research) from 1990 in the 'Pediatric Research' journal and 'Abstracts online' (2000 to 2017). Selection criteria We included randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials that compared preterm infants fed breast milk fortified with human milk‐derived fortifier versus those fed with breast milk fortified with bovine milk‐derived fortifier. Data collection and analysis The data were collected using the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal. Two authors evaluated trial quality of the studies and extracted data. We reported dichotomous data using risk ratios (RRs), risk differences (RDs), number needed to treat (NNT) where applicable, and continuous data using mean differences (MDs). We assessed the quality of evidence using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Main results One randomized trial with 127 infants met the eligibility criteria and had low risk of bias. Human milk‐based fortifier did not decrease the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis in exclusively breast milk‐fed preterm infants (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.2 to 4.54; 1 study, 125 infants, low certainty of evidence). Human milk‐derived fortifiers did not improve growth, decrease feeding intolerance, late‐onset sepsis, or death. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence evaluating human milk‐derived fortifier with bovine milk‐derived fortifier in exclusively breast milk‐fed preterm infants. Low‐certainty evidence from one study suggests that in exclusively breast milk‐fed preterm infants human milk‐derived fortifiers in comparison with bovine milk‐derived fortifier may not change the risk of necrotizing enterocolitis, mortality, feeding intolerance, infection, or improve growth. Well‐designed randomized controlled trials are needed to evaluate short‐term and long‐term outcomes. Plain language summary Human milk‐derived fortifier in preterm infants fed with all breast milk Review question:  In preterm infants fed only breast milk, does the use of extra nutrients (to provide extra protein and energy) made from human milk compared to nutrients from cow's milk decrease the chances of illnesses, death or improve growth? Background:  Preterm infants fed with breast milk need extra energy and protein to support their growth. Hence, nutrients (multi‐nutrient fortifiers) are added to the breast milk. It is not clear if nutrients made from human milk, when compared to nutrients made from cow's milk, decrease the risk of death and other illnesses, and improve growth in preterm infants who are fed only with breast milk. Study characteristics:  We found one well‐performed study that enrolled 127 infants addressing this question. Evidence is up to date as of 20 September 2018. Key results:  The use of nutrients made from human milk, when compared with nutrients made from cow's milk, did not reduce the risk of intestinal disease (necrotizing enterocolitis), feeding problems, death, infections, or improve growth in preterm infants fed with breast milk. Conclusions:  Nutrients made from human milk (multi‐nutrient fortifier), when compared with nutrients made from cow's milk, may not change the occurrence of illnesses or improve the growth in preterm infants fed only with breast milk. This evidence is insufficient to conclude whether nutrient made from human milk (multi‐nutrient fortifier) when provided to preterm infants fed only with breast milk is beneficial or not. More studies are needed to address this important question.
 Vitamin A supplementation for the prevention of morbidity and mortality in infants one to six months of age;  Abstract - Background Vitamin A deficiency is a significant public health problem in low‐ and middle‐income countries. Vitamin A supplementation provided to infants less than six months of age is one of the strategies to improve the nutrition of infants at high risk of vitamin A deficiency and thus potentially reduce their mortality and morbidity. Objectives To evaluate the effect of synthetic vitamin A supplementation in infants one to six months of age in low‐ and middle‐income countries, irrespective of maternal antenatal or postnatal vitamin A supplementation status, on mortality, morbidity and adverse effects. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 2), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 5 March 2016), Embase (1980 to 5 March 2016) and CINAHL (1982 to 5 March 2016). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials . Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised, individually or cluster randomised trials involving synthetic vitamin A supplementation compared to placebo or no intervention provided to infants one to six months of age were eligible. Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed the studies for eligibility and assessed their risk of bias and collected data on outcomes. Main results The review included 12 studies (reported in 22 publications). The included studies assigned 24,846 participants aged one to six months to vitamin A supplementation or control group. There was no effect of vitamin A supplementation for the primary outcome of all‐cause mortality based on seven studies that included 21,339 (85%) participants (risk ratio (RR) 1.05, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.89 to 1.25; I 2  = 0%; test for heterogeneity: P = 0.79; quality of evidence: moderate). Also, there was no effect of vitamin A supplementation on mortality or morbidity due to diarrhoea and respiratory tract infection. There was an increased risk of bulging fontanelle within 24 to 72 hours of supplementation in the vitamin A group compared to control (RR 3.10, 95% CI 1.89 to 5.09; I 2  = 9%, test for heterogeneity: P = 0.36; quality of evidence: high). There was no reported subsequent increased risk of death, convulsions or irritability in infants who developed bulging fontanelle after vitamin A supplementation, and it resolved in most cases within 72 hours. There was no increased risk of other adverse effects such as vomiting, irritability, diarrhoea, fever and convulsions in the vitamin A supplementation group compared to control. Vitamin A supplementation did not have any statistically significant effect on vitamin A deficiency (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.06; I 2  = 27%; test for heterogeneity: P = 0.25; quality of evidence: moderate). Authors' conclusions There is no convincing evidence that vitamin A supplementation for infants one to six months of age results in a reduction in infant mortality or morbidity in low‐ and middle‐income countries. There is an increased risk of bulging fontanelle with vitamin A supplementation in this age group; however, there were no reported subsequent complications because of this adverse effect. Plain language summary Vitamin A supplementation for infants one to six months of age for preventing death and illnesses Background Vitamin A deficiency is a significant public health problem in low‐ and middle‐income countries. Vitamin A supplementation given to children between the ages of six months and five years reduces deaths in these settings. This review focused on babies one to six months of age. Review question Does vitamin A supplementation in babies one to six months of age have any beneficial or harmful effects? Study characteristics The review authors searched the medical literature to identify relevant studies that compared the effect of vitamin A supplementation versus control on death, illnesses, and side effects in randomly selected infants aged one to six months. The literature is current to 5 March 2016. The search identified 12 studies that involved 24,846 infants. Most of the studies were well conducted and included children from Asia, Africa, and Latin America. Key results The results of the studies provided no convincing evidence that vitamin A supplementation reduces death or illness in infants one to six months of age (quality of evidence: moderate). Supplementation had no beneficial effects to reduce death or illness due to diarrhoea or pneumonia. Similarly, vitamin A supplementation did not reduce the proportion of children with vitamin A deficiency based on their blood levels of vitamin A (quality of evidence: moderate). Infants who were given vitamin A had an increased risk of development of bulging of soft spot at the top of the head (called bulging fontanelle) and quality of evidence for this side effect was high. However, this adverse effect did not increase subsequent risk of death or fits. In summary, vitamin A supplementation in infants one to six months of age did not reduce death or illness; however, it increased the risk of bulging fontanelle.
 Carbohydrates for improving the cognitive performance of independent‐living older adults with normal cognition or mild cognitive impairment;  Abstract - Background Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is an intermediate state between normal cognition and dementia in which daily function is largely intact. This condition may present an opportunity for research into the prevention of dementia. Carbohydrate is an essential and easily accessible macronutrient which influences cognitive performance. A better understanding of carbohydrate‐driven cognitive changes in normal cognition and mild cognitive impairment may suggest ways to prevent or reduce cognitive decline. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of carbohydrates in improving cognitive function in older adults with normal cognition or mild cognitive impairment. Search methods We searched ALOIS, the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group Specialized Register, on 6 April 2012 using the terms: carbohydrates OR carbohydrate OR monosaccharides OR disaccharides OR oligosaccharides OR polysaccharides OR CARBS. ALOIS contains records from all major healthcare databases ( The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, LILACS) as well as from many trial databases and grey literature sources. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials (RCT) examining the effect of any form of carbohydrates on the cognition or daily functioning of adults aged 55 years or over with normal cognition or MCI. Data collection and analysis One review author selected and retrieved relevant articles for further assessment. The remaining authors independently assessed whether any of the retrieved trials should be included. Disagreements were resolved by discussion.  Main results One study was included. It involved 44 adults aged 60 to 80 years and compared a glucose drink with a saccharin drink, given on only a single occasion. Those receiving the glucose drink were significantly faster in completing the switching condition of the modified Stroop test (F 1, 41 = 10.47; P < 0.01) compared to those receiving the saccharin drink. Participants in the glucose group also showed a significantly smaller dual‐task cost in a computerised test of divided attention compared to the placebo group (F 1, 38 = 8.49; P < 0.01, ƞ 2  = 0.18). As a glucose drink was administered only once, safety, global function, behaviour disturbance, and activities of daily living were not investigated in the study. Authors' conclusions With only one RCT included, there is insufficient evidence to base any recommendations about the use of any form of carbohydrate for enhancing cognitive performance in older adults with normal cognition or mild cognitive impairment. More studies of many different carbohydrates are needed to tease out complex nutritional issues and to further evaluate memory improvement. Plain language summary There is insufficient evidence for the use of carbohydrates to improve cognitive performance in older adults with normal or mild cognitive impairment Carbohydrates consist of sugars, oligosaccharides and polysaccharides. These components are found in a large range of foods and have variable effects on digestion, blood sugar levels, and their impact on health. Despite the evidence accumulated from biological and epidemiological (observational) studies and non‐randomised clinical trials, only one randomised, controlled trial could be included in this review. This study had 44 participants. Participants who were given a single glucose drink showed possible momentary enhancement of cognitive performance compared to those given a saccharin drink. A safety assessment was not reported. We need more studies on different types of carbohydrates, particularly those from fruit, vegetable and whole grain sources, for older adults with normal cognition and mild cognitive impairment to understand the role of this nutrient type in the prevention or reduction of cognitive decline.
 Skin care interventions in infants for preventing eczema and food allergy;  Abstract - Background Eczema and food allergy are common health conditions that usually begin in early childhood and often occur in the same people. They can be associated with an impaired skin barrier in early infancy. It is unclear whether trying to prevent or reverse an impaired skin barrier soon after birth is effective for preventing eczema or food allergy. Objectives Primary objective To assess the effects of skin care interventions such as emollients for primary prevention of eczema and food allergy in infants. Secondary objective To identify features of study populations such as age, hereditary risk, and adherence to interventions that are associated with the greatest treatment benefit or harm for both eczema and food allergy. Search methods We performed an updated search of the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase in September 2021. We searched two trials registers in July 2021. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews, and scanned conference proceedings to identify further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs).  Selection criteria We included RCTs of skin care interventions that could potentially enhance skin barrier function, reduce dryness, or reduce subclinical inflammation in healthy term (> 37 weeks) infants (≤ 12 months) without pre‐existing eczema, food allergy, or other skin condition. Eligible comparisons were standard care in the locality or no treatment. Types of skin care interventions could include moisturisers/emollients; bathing products; advice regarding reducing soap exposure and bathing frequency; and use of water softeners. No minimum follow‐up was required. Data collection and analysis This is a prospective individual participant data (IPD) meta‐analysis. We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures, and primary analyses used the IPD dataset. Primary outcomes were cumulative incidence of eczema and cumulative incidence of immunoglobulin (Ig)E‐mediated food allergy by one to three years, both measured at the closest available time point to two years. Secondary outcomes included adverse events during the intervention period; eczema severity (clinician‐assessed); parent report of eczema severity; time to onset of eczema; parent report of immediate food allergy; and allergic sensitisation to food or inhalant allergen. Main results We identified 33 RCTs comprising 25,827 participants. Of these, 17 studies randomising 5823 participants reported information on one or more outcomes specified in this review.  We included 11 studies, randomising 5217 participants, in one or more meta‐analyses (range 2 to 9 studies per individual meta‐analysis), with 10 of these studies providing IPD; the remaining 6 studies were included in the narrative results only.   Most studies were conducted at children's hospitals. Twenty‐five studies, including all those contributing data to meta‐analyses, randomised newborns up to age three weeks to receive a skin care intervention or standard infant skin care. Eight of the 11 studies contributing to meta‐analyses recruited infants at high risk of developing eczema or food allergy, although the definition of high risk varied between studies. Durations of intervention and follow‐up ranged from 24 hours to three years. All interventions were compared against no skin care intervention or local standard care. Of the 17 studies that reported information on our prespecified outcomes, 13 assessed emollients. We assessed most of the evidence in the review as low certainty and had some concerns about risk of bias. A rating of some concerns was most often due to lack of blinding of outcome assessors or significant missing data, which could have impacted outcome measurement but was judged unlikely to have done so. We assessed the evidence for the primary food allergy outcome as high risk of bias due to the inclusion of only one trial, where findings varied based on different assumptions about missing data. Skin care interventions during infancy probably do not change the risk of eczema by one to three years of age (risk ratio (RR) 1.03, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.81 to 1.31; risk difference 5 more cases per 1000 infants, 95% CI 28 less to 47 more; moderate‐certainty evidence; 3075 participants, 7 trials) or time to onset of eczema (hazard ratio 0.86, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.14; moderate‐certainty evidence; 3349 participants, 9 trials). Skin care interventions during infancy may increase the risk of IgE‐mediated food allergy by one to three years of age (RR 2.53, 95% CI 0.99 to 6.49; low‐certainty evidence; 976 participants, 1 trial) but may not change risk of allergic sensitisation to a food allergen by age one to three years (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.71; low‐certainty evidence; 1794 participants, 3 trials). Skin care interventions during infancy may slightly increase risk of parent report of immediate reaction to a common food allergen at two years (RR 1.27, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.61; low‐certainty evidence; 1171 participants, 1 trial); however, this was only seen for cow’s milk, and may be unreliable due to over‐reporting of milk allergy in infants. Skin care interventions during infancy probably increase risk of skin infection over the intervention period (RR 1.33, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.75; risk difference 17 more cases per 1000 infants, 95% CI one more to 38 more; moderate‐certainty evidence; 2728 participants, 6 trials) and may increase the risk of infant slippage over the intervention period (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.67 to 2.99; low‐certainty evidence; 2538 participants, 4 trials) and stinging/allergic reactions to moisturisers (RR 2.24, 95% 0.67 to 7.43; low‐certainty evidence; 343 participants, 4 trials), although CIs for slippages and stinging/allergic reactions were wide and include the possibility of no effect or reduced risk. Preplanned subgroup analyses showed that the effects of interventions were not influenced by age, duration of intervention, hereditary risk, filaggrin ( FLG ) mutation, chromosome 11 intergenic variant rs2212434,   or classification of intervention type for risk of developing eczema. We could not evaluate these effects on risk of food allergy. Evidence was insufficient to show whether adherence to interventions influenced the relationship between skin care interventions and eczema or food allergy development. Authors' conclusions Based on low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence, skin care interventions such as emollients during the first year of life in healthy infants are probably not effective for preventing eczema; may increase risk of food allergy; and probably increase risk of skin infection. Further study is needed to understand whether different approaches to infant skin care might prevent eczema or food allergy. Plain language summary Skin care interventions for preventing eczema and food allergy Does moisturising baby skin prevent eczema or food allergies? Key messages Skin care treatments in babies, such as using moisturisers on the skin during the first year of life, probably do not prevent babies from developing eczema; may increase the chance of food allergy; and probably increase the chance of skin infection. This review looked at the prevention of eczema and food allergy only. Skin care treatments are still important to treat eczema.  What are allergies? An immune response is how the body recognises and defends itself against substances that appear harmful. An allergy is a reaction of the body's immune system to a particular food or substance (an allergen) that is usually harmless. Different allergies affect different parts of the body, and their effects can be mild or serious. Food allergies and eczema Eczema is a common skin condition  that causes dry, itchy, cracked skin. Eczema is common in children, often developing before their first birthday, and may be long‐lasting. Allergies to food can cause itching in the mouth, a raised itchy red rash, swelling of the face, stomach symptoms, or difficulty breathing. They usually happen within two hours after a food is eaten. People with food allergies often have other allergic conditions, such as asthma, hay fever, and eczema. Why we did this Cochrane Review We wanted to learn how skin care affects the risk of a baby developing eczema or food allergies. Skin care treatments included: • putting moisturisers on a baby's skin; • bathing babies with water containing moisturisers or moisturising oils; • advising parents to use less soap, or to bathe their child less often; • using water softeners.  We also wanted to know if these skin care treatments cause any unwanted effects.  What did we do? We searched for studies of different types of skin care for healthy babies (aged up to one year) with no previous food allergy, eczema, or other skin condition. Search date:  we incorporated evidence published up to July 2021. We were interested in studies that reported: • how many children developed eczema, or food allergy, by age one to three years; • how severe the eczema was (according to a researcher and to parents); • how long it took for eczema to develop; • parents' reports of immediate (under two hours) reactions to a food allergen; • how many children developed sensitivity to a particular food allergen; • any unwanted effects. We assessed the strengths and weaknesses of each study to determine how reliable the results might be, and then combined the results of the relevant studies and looked at overall effects.   What we found We found 33 studies, involving 25,827 babies, that assessed any type of skin intervention. The included studies took place in Europe, Australia, Japan, and the USA, most often at children's hospitals. Skin care was compared against no skin care or usual skin care for babies in that country. Treatment and follow‐up times ranged from 24 hours to three years. Many studies (13) tested the use of moisturisers; the other studies mainly tested the use of bathing and cleansing products and how often they were used. Of the 33 included studies, only 11 studies had comparable outcomes of eczema, food allergy, or adverse effects and were combined for analysis. All of these studies enrolled babies before they were one month old, and  eight of these studies included babies thought to be at high risk for developing eczema.  What are the main results of our review? Compared to no skin care or standard care, moisturisers: • probably do not change the chance of developing eczema by age one to three years (7 studies; 3075 babies), or the time needed for eczema to develop (9 studies; 3349 babies); • may increase the chance of developing a food allergy as judged by a researcher (1 study; 976 babies) by age one to three years; • may slightly increase the number of immediate reactions to a common food allergen at two years, as reported by parents (1 study; 1171 babies); • probably cause more skin infections (6 studies; 2728 babies); • may increase unwanted effects, such as a stinging feeling or an allergic reaction to moisturisers (4 studies; 343 babies); • may increase the chance of babies slipping (4 studies; 2538 babies); • may not affect the chance of developing sensitivity to food allergens (3 studies; 1797 babies) by age one to three years. Confidence in our results We are moderately confident in our results for developing eczema and the time needed to develop eczema. We are less confident about our results for food allergy or sensitivity, which are based on small numbers of studies with widely varying results. These results are likely to change when more evidence becomes available. Our confidence in the review findings for skin infections is moderate, but low for stinging or allergic reactions and slipping.
 Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases;  Abstract - Background Alcohol and hepatotoxic viruses cause the majority of liver diseases. Randomised clinical trials have assessed whether extracts of milk thistle,  Silybum marianum (L) Gaertneri , have any effect in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases. Objectives To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle or milk thistle constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or viral liver diseases (hepatitis B and hepatitis C). Search methods TheCochrane Hepato‐Biliary Group Controlled Trials Register ,  The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ,  MEDLINE ,  EMBASE , and full text searches were combined (December 2003). Manufacturers and researchers in the field were contacted. Selection criteria Only randomised clinical trials in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases (acute and chronic) were included. Interventions encompassed milk thistle at any dose or duration versus placebo or no intervention. The trials could be double blind, single blind, or unblinded. The trials could be unpublished or published and no language limitations were applied. Data collection and analysis The primary outcome measure was mortality. Binary outcomes are reported as relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). Subgroup analyses were performed with regard to methodological quality. Main results Thirteen randomised clinical trials assessed milk thistle in 915 patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases. The methodological quality was low: only 23% of the trials reported adequate allocation concealment and only 46% were considered adequately double‐blinded. Milk thistle versus placebo or no intervention had no significant effect on mortality (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.15), complications of liver disease (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.09), or liver histology. Liver‐related mortality was significantly reduced by milk thistle in all trials (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.88), but not in high‐quality trials (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.19). Milk thistle was not associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse events (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.46 to 1.50). Authors' conclusions Our results question the beneficial effects of milk thistle for patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases and highlight the lack of high‐quality evidence to support this intervention. Adequately conducted and reported randomised clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo are needed. Plain language summary No evidence supporting or refuting milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases Milk thistle ( Silybum marianum (L) Gaertneri)  extracts have been used as medical remedies since the time of ancient Greece. Alcohol and hepatotoxic viruses are the major causes of liver diseases. Several trials have studied the effects of milk thistle for patients with liver diseases. This systematic review could not demonstrate significant effects of milk thistle on mortality or complications of liver diseases in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases combining all trials or high‐quality trials. Low‐quality trials suggested beneficial effects. High‐quality randomised clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo are needed.
 Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women;  Abstract - Background In areas where vitamin A deficiency (VAD) is a public health concern, the maternal dietary intake of vitamin A may be not sufficient to meet either the maternal nutritional requirements, or those of the breastfed infant, due the low retinol concentrations in breast milk. Objectives To evaluate the effects of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant health. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (8 February 2016), LILACS (1982 to December 2015), Web of Science (1945 to December 2015), and the reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or cluster‐randomised trials that assessed the effects of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant health (morbidity, mortality and vitamin A nutritional status). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion, conducted data extraction, assessed risk of bias and checked for accuracy. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results Fourteen trials of mainly low or unclear risk of bias, enrolling 25,758 women and infant pairs were included. The supplementation schemes included high, single or double doses of vitamin A (200,000 to 400,000 internation units (IU)), or 7.8 mg daily beta‐carotene compared with placebo, no treatment, other (iron); or higher (400,000 IU) versus lower dose (200,000 IU). In all trials, a considerable proportion of infants were at least partially breastfed until six months. Supplement (vitamin A as retinyl, water‐miscible or beta‐carotene) 200,000 to 400,000 IU versus control (placebo or no treatment) Maternal : We did not find evidence that vitamin A supplementation reduced maternal mortality at 12 months (hazard ratio (HR) 1.01, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.44 to 2.21; 8577 participants; 1 RCT,  moderate‐quality evidence ). Effects were less certain at six months (risk ratio (RR) 0.50, 95% CI 0.09 to 2.71; 564 participants; 1 RCT;  low‐quality evidence).  The effect on maternal morbidity (diarrhoea, respiratory infections, fever) was uncertain because the quality of evidence was  very low  (50 participants, 1 RCT). We found insufficient evidence that vitamin A increases abdominal pain (RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.73; 786 participants; 1 RCT;  low‐quality evidence ) .  We found  low‐quality evidence  that vitamin A supplementation increased breast milk retinol concentrations by 0.20 µmol/L at three to three and a half months (mean difference (MD) 0.20 µmol/L, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.31; 837 participants; 6 RCTs). Infant : We did not find evidence that vitamin A supplementation reduced infant mortality at two to 12 months (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.52; 6090 participants; 5 RCTs;  low‐quality evidence ) .  Effects on morbidity (gastroenteritis at three months) was uncertain (RR 6.03, 95% CI 0.30 to 121.82; 84 participants; 1 RCT;  very low‐quality evidence ). There was  low‐quality evidence  for the effect on infant adverse outcomes (bulging fontanelle at 24 to 48 hours) (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.61 to 6.55; 444 participants; 1 RCT). Supplement (vitamin A as retinyl) 400,000 IU versus 200,000 IU Three studies (1312 participants) were included in this comparison. None of the studies assessed maternal mortality, maternal morbidity or infant mortality. Findings from one study showed that there may be little or no difference in infant morbidity between the doses (diarrhoea, respiratory illnesses, and febrile illnesses) (312 participants, data not pooled). No firm conclusion could be drawn on the impact on maternal and infant adverse outcomes (limited data available).The effect on breast milk retinol was also uncertain due to the small amount of information available. Authors' conclusions There was no evidence of benefit from different doses of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women on maternal and infant mortality and morbidity, compared with other doses or placebo. Although maternal breast milk retinol concentrations improved with supplementation, this did not translate to health benefits for either women or infants. Few studies reported on maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. Future studies should include these important outcomes. Plain language summary Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women What is the issue? Breastfeeding is expected to provide for the infant's needs in the early months of life. However, if the mother is undernourished herself, the infant may not receive all the nutrients they need. Vitamin A is important for immunity and helping the infant stay healthy, so if the mother does not have enough vitamin A intake in her diet, the infant may also not receive enough in the breast milk. Why is this important? In areas where vitamin A deficiency is a public health concern, the maternal dietary intake of vitamin A may be not sufficient to meet either the maternal nutritional requirements, or those of the breastfed infant, due the low concentrations in breast milk. Many studies have been carried out to address this concern in countries where vitamin A deficiency is common. What evidence did we find? We reviewed 14 trials. The evidence in general was found was to be of low quality. These studies involved the mothers being given vitamin A or not, within the first six weeks after giving birth, or compared a high dose of vitamin A with a low dose. Our review looked at the overall health of the mothers and their infants, any adverse effects and the levels of retinol, which is a by‐product of vitamin A, in the mother's breast milk. There was no change in how many mothers or babies died or were unwell. The mothers and their babies did not experience adverse effects. There was evidence of improved amounts of retinol in breast milk. What does this mean? In summary, although extra vitamin A given to the mother may slightly improve the amount of this nutrient in her breast milk, it probably makes little or no difference to deaths in the mother or baby. It may lead to little or no difference in any adverse effects to the mother or baby.
 Dietary interventions for recurrent abdominal pain in childhood;  Abstract - Background This is an update of the original Cochrane review, last published in 2009 (Huertas‐Ceballos 2009). Recurrent abdominal pain (RAP), including children with irritable bowel syndrome, is a common problem affecting between 4% and 25% of school‐aged children. For the majority of such children, no organic cause for their pain can be found on physical examination or investigation. Many dietary inventions have been suggested to improve the symptoms of RAP. These may involve either excluding ingredients from the diet or adding supplements such as fibre or probiotics. Objectives To examine the effectiveness of dietary interventions in improving pain in children of school age with RAP. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, eight other databases, and two trials registers, together with reference checking, citation searching and contact with study authors, in June 2016. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing dietary interventions with placebo or no treatment in children aged five to 18 years with RAP or an abdominal pain‐related, functional gastrointestinal disorder, as defined by the Rome III criteria (Rasquin 2006). Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. We grouped dietary interventions together by category for analysis. We contacted study authors to ask for missing information and clarification, when needed. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 19 RCTs, reported in 27 papers with a total of 1453 participants. Fifteen of these studies were not included in the previous review. All 19 RCTs had follow‐up ranging from one to five months. Participants were aged between four and 18 years from eight different countries and were recruited largely from paediatric gastroenterology clinics. The mean age at recruitment ranged from 6.3 years to 13.1 years. Girls outnumbered boys in most trials. Fourteen trials recruited children with a diagnosis under the broad umbrella of RAP or functional gastrointestinal disorders; five trials specifically recruited only children with irritable bowel syndrome. The studies fell into four categories: trials of probiotic‐based interventions (13 studies), trials of fibre‐based interventions (four studies), trials of low FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides and polyols) diets (one study), and trials of fructose‐restricted diets (one study). We found that children treated with probiotics reported a greater reduction in pain frequency at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo (standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐0.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.98 to ‐0.12; 6 trials; 523 children). There was also a decrease in pain intensity in the intervention group at the same time point (SMD ‐0.50, 95% CI ‐0.85 to ‐0.15; 7 studies; 575 children). However, we judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality using GRADE due to an unclear risk of bias from incomplete outcome data and significant heterogeneity. We found that children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo (odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% CI 1.07 to 2.47; 7 studies; 722 children). The estimated number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was eight, meaning that eight children would need to receive probiotics for one to experience improvement in pain in this timescale. We judged the evidence for this outcome to be of moderate quality due to significant heterogeneity. Children with a symptom profile defined as irritable bowel syndrome treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than those given placebo (OR 3.01, 95% CI 1.77 to 5.13; 4 studies; 344 children). Children treated with probiotics were more likely to experience improvement in pain at three to six months postintervention compared to those receiving placebo (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.43; 2 studies; 224 children). We judged the evidence for these two outcomes to be of moderate quality due to small numbers of participants included in the studies. We found that children treated with fibre‐based interventions were not more likely to experience an improvement in pain at zero to three months postintervention than children given placebo (OR 1.83, 95% CI 0.92 to 3.65; 2 studies; 136 children). There was also no reduction in pain intensity compared to placebo at the same time point (SMD ‐1.24, 95% CI ‐3.41 to 0.94; 2 studies; 135 children). We judged the evidence for these outcomes to be of low quality due to an unclear risk of bias, imprecision, and significant heterogeneity. We found only one study of low FODMAP diets and only one trial of fructose‐restricted diets, meaning no pooled analyses were possible. We were unable to perform any meta‐analyses for the secondary outcomes of school performance, social or psychological functioning, or quality of daily life, as not enough studies included these outcomes or used comparable measures to assess them. With the exception of one study, all studies reported monitoring children for adverse events; no major adverse events were reported. Authors' conclusions Overall, we found moderate‐ to low‐quality evidence suggesting that probiotics may be effective in improving pain in children with RAP. Clinicians may therefore consider probiotic interventions as part of a holistic management strategy. However, further trials are needed to examine longer‐term outcomes and to improve confidence in estimating the size of the effect, as well as to determine the optimal strain and dosage. Future research should also explore the effectiveness of probiotics in children with different symptom profiles, such as those with irritable bowel syndrome. We found only a small number of trials of fibre‐based interventions, with overall low‐quality evidence for the outcomes. There was therefore no convincing evidence that fibre‐based interventions improve pain in children with RAP. Further high‐quality RCTs of fibre supplements involving larger numbers of participants are required. Future trials of low FODMAP diets and other dietary interventions are also required to facilitate evidence‐based recommendations. Plain language summary Dietary interventions for recurrent abdominal pain in children Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effects of dietary interventions on pain in children aged between five and 18 years with recurrent abdominal pain (RAP). Background Recurrent abdominal pain, or RAP, is a term used for unexplained episodes of stomachache or abdominal pain in children. Recurrent abdominal pain is a common condition, and most children are likely to be helped by simple measures. However, a range of treatments have been recommended to relieve abdominal pain, including making changes to the child's eating habits by adding supplements or excluding certain foods. Study characteristics This evidence is current to June 2016. Nineteen studies met our inclusion criteria, including 13 studies of probiotics and four studies of fibre interventions. We also found one study of a diet low in substances known as FODMAPs (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides and polyols) and one study of a fructose‐restricted diet. All of the studies compared dietary interventions to a placebo or control. The trials were carried out in eight countries and included a total of 1453 participants, aged between five and 18 years. Most children were recruited from outpatient clinics. Most interventions lasted four to six weeks. Key results Probiotics We found evidence from 13 studies suggesting that probiotics might be effective in improving pain in the shorter term. Most studies did not report on other areas such as quality of daily life. No harmful effects were reported, other than dry mouth in one study. We judged this evidence to be of moderate or low quality because some studies were small, showed varying results, or were at risk of bias. Fibre supplements We found no clear evidence of improvement of pain from four studies of fibre supplements. Most studies did not report on other areas such as quality of daily life. No harmful effects were reported. There were few studies of fibre supplements, and some of these studies were at risk of bias. We judged this evidence to be of low quality. Low FODMAP diets We found only one study evaluating the effectiveness of low FODMAP diets in children with RAP. Fructose‐restricted diets We found only one study evaluating the effectiveness of fructose‐restricted diets in children with RAP. Conclusion We found some evidence suggesting that probiotics may be helpful in relieving pain in children with RAP in the short term. Clinicians may therefore consider probiotic interventions as part of the management strategy for RAP. Further trials are needed to find out how effective probiotics are over longer periods of time and which probiotics might work best. We did not find convincing evidence that fibre supplements are effective in improving pain in children with RAP. Future larger, high‐quality studies are needed to test the effectiveness of fibre and low FODMAP diet treatments.
 Effect of longer‐term modest salt reduction on blood pressure;  Abstract - Background A reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure (BP) and, thereby, reduces cardiovascular risk. A recent meta‐analysis by Graudal implied that salt reduction had adverse effects on hormones and lipids which might mitigate any benefit that occurs with BP reduction. However, Graudal's meta‐analysis included a large number of very short‐term trials with a large change in salt intake, and such studies are irrelevant to the public health recommendations for a longer‐term modest reduction in salt intake. We have updated our Cochrane meta‐analysis.   Objectives To assess (1) the effect of a longer‐term modest reduction in salt intake (i.e. of public health relevance) on BP and whether there was a dose‐response relationship; (2) the effect on BP by sex and ethnic group; (3) the effect on plasma renin activity, aldosterone, noradrenaline, adrenaline, cholesterol, low‐density lipoprotein (LDL), high‐density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglycerides. Search methods We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Hypertension Group Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and reference list of relevant articles. Selection criteria We included randomised trials with a modest reduction in salt intake and duration of at least 4 weeks. Data collection and analysis Data were extracted independently by two reviewers. Random effects meta‐analyses, subgroup analyses and meta‐regression were performed. Main results Thirty‐four trials (3230 participants) were included. Meta‐analysis showed that the mean change in urinary sodium (reduced salt vs usual salt) was ‐75 mmol/24‐h (equivalent to a reduction of 4.4 g/d salt), the mean change in BP was ‐4.18 mmHg (95% CI: ‐5.18 to ‐3.18,  I 2 =75%) for systolic and ‐2.06 mmHg (95% CI: ‐2.67 to ‐1.45,  I 2 =68%) for diastolic BP. Meta‐regression showed that age, ethnic group, BP status (hypertensive or normotensive) and the change in 24‐h urinary sodium were all significantly associated with the fall in systolic BP, explaining 68% of the variance between studies. A 100 mmol reduction in 24 hour urinary sodium (6 g/day salt) was associated with a fall in systolic BP of 5.8 mmHg (95%CI: 2.5 to 9.2, P=0.001) after adjusting for age, ethnic group and BP status. For diastolic BP, age, ethnic group, BP status and the change in 24‐h urinary sodium explained 41% of the variance between studies. Meta‐analysis by subgroup showed that, in hypertensives, the mean effect was ‐5.39 mmHg (95% CI: ‐6.62 to ‐4.15,  I 2 =61%) for systolic and ‐2.82 mmHg (95% CI: ‐3.54 to ‐2.11,  I 2 =52%) for diastolic BP. In normotensives, the mean effect was ‐2.42 mmHg (95% CI: ‐3.56 to ‐1.29,  I 2 =66%) for systolic and ‐1.00 mmHg (95% CI: ‐1.85 to ‐0.15,  I 2 =66%) for diastolic BP. Further subgroup analysis showed that the decrease in systolic BP was significant in both whites and blacks, men and women. Meta‐analysis of hormone and lipid data showed that the mean effect was 0.26 ng/ml/hr (95% CI: 0.17 to 0.36,  I 2 =70%) for plasma renin activity, 73.20 pmol/l (95% CI: 44.92 to 101.48,  I 2 =62%) for aldosterone, 31.67 pg/ml (95% CI: 6.57 to 56.77,  I 2 =5%) for noradrenaline, 6.70 pg/ml (95% CI: ‐0.25 to 13.64,  I 2 =12%) for adrenaline, 0.05 mmol/l (95% CI: ‐0.02 to 0.11,  I 2 =0%) for cholesterol, 0.05 mmol/l (95% CI: ‐0.01 to 0.12,  I 2 =0%) for LDL, ‐0.02 mmol/l (95% CI: ‐0.06 to 0.01,  I 2 =16%) for HDL, and 0.04 mmol/l (95% CI: ‐0.02 to 0.09,  I 2 =0%) for triglycerides. Authors' conclusions A modest reduction in salt intake for 4 or more weeks causes significant and, from a population viewpoint, important falls in BP in both hypertensive and normotensive individuals, irrespective of sex and ethnic group. With salt reduction, there is a small physiological increase in plasma renin activity, aldosterone and noradrenaline. There is no significant change in lipid levels. These results provide further strong support for a reduction in population salt intake. This will likely lower population BP and, thereby, reduce cardiovascular disease. Additionally, our analysis demonstrates a significant association between the reduction in 24‐h urinary sodium and the fall in systolic BP, indicating the greater the reduction in salt intake, the greater the fall in systolic BP. The current recommendations to reduce salt intake from 9‐12 to 5‐6 g/d will have a major effect on BP, but are not ideal. A further reduction to 3 g/d will have a greater effect and should become the long term target for population salt intake. Plain language summary Modest salt reduction lowers blood pressure in all ethnic groups at all levels of blood pressure without adverse consequences The public health recommendations in most countries are to reduce salt intake from the current levels of approximately 9‐12 grams per day to less than 5‐6 grams per day. Our pooled analysis of randomised trials of 4 weeks or more in duration shows that such a reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure both in individuals with raised blood pressure and in those with normal blood pressure. The fall in blood pressure is shown in both whites and blacks, men and women. Additionally, our results show that a longer‐term modest reduction in salt intake has no adverse effect on hormone and lipid levels. These findings provide further strong support for a reduction in population salt intake. This will likely lower population blood pressure and reduce strokes, heart attacks and heart failure. Furthermore, our results are consistent with the fact that the lower the salt intake, the lower the blood pressure. The current recommendations to reduce salt intake to 5‐6 grams per day will lower blood pressure, but a further reduction to 3 grams per day will lower blood pressure more. Therefore, 3 grams per day should become the long‐term target for population salt intake.
 Systemic antibiotics for chronic suppurative otitis media;  Abstract - Background Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) is a chronic inflammation and infection of the middle ear and mastoid cavity, characterised by ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane. The predominant symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Systemic antibiotics are a commonly used treatment option for CSOM, which act to kill or inhibit the growth of micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics can be used alone or in addition to other treatments for CSOM. Objectives To assess the effects of systemic antibiotics for people with CSOM. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL via the Cochrane Register of Studies); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 16 March 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials comparing systemic antibiotics (oral, injection) against placebo/no treatment or other systemic antibiotics with at least a one‐week follow‐up period, involving patients with chronic (at least two weeks) ear discharge of unknown cause or due to CSOM. Other treatments were allowed if both treatment and control arms also received it. Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Our primary outcomes were: resolution of ear discharge or 'dry ear' (whether otoscopically confirmed or not, measured at between one week and up to two weeks, two weeks to up to four weeks, and after four weeks); health‐related quality of life using a validated instrument; ear pain (otalgia) or discomfort or local irritation. Secondary outcomes included hearing, serious complications and ototoxicity measured in several ways. Main results We included 18 studies (2135 participants) with unclear or high risk of bias. 1. Systemic antibiotics versus no treatment/placebo It is very uncertain if there is a difference between systemic (intravenous) antibiotics and placebo in the resolution of ear discharge at between one and two weeks (risk ratio (RR) 8.47, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.88 to 38.21; 33 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The study did not report results for resolution of ear discharge after two weeks. Health‐related quality of life was not reported. The evidence is very uncertain for hearing and serious (intracranial) complications. Ear pain and suspected ototoxicity were not reported. 2. Systemic antibiotics versus no treatment/placebo (both study arms received topical antibiotics) Six studies were included of which five presented useable data. There may be little or no difference in the resolution of ear discharge at between one to two weeks for oral ciprofloxacin compared to placebo or no treatment when ciprofloxacin ear drops were used in both intervention arms (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.12; 390 participants; low‐certainty evidence). No results after two weeks were reported. Health‐related quality of life was not reported. The evidence is very uncertain for ear pain, serious complications and suspected ototoxicity. 3. Systemic antibiotics versus no treatment/placebo (both study arms received other background treatments) Two studies used  topical antibiotics plus steroids  as background treatment in both arms. It is very uncertain if there is a difference in resolution of ear discharge between metronidazole and placebo at four weeks (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.65; 40 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). This study did not report other outcomes. It is also very uncertain if resolution of ear discharge at six weeks was improved with co‐trimoxazole compared to placebo (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.09 to 2.16; 98 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). Resolution of ear discharge was not reported at other time points. From the narrative report there was no evidence of a difference between groups for health‐related quality of life, hearing or serious complications (very low‐certainty evidence). One study (136 participants) used  topical antiseptics  as background treatment in both arms and found similar resolution of ear discharge between the amoxicillin and no treatment groups at three to four months (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.41; 136 participants; 1 study; very low‐certainty evidence). The narrative report indicated no evidence of differences in hearing or suspected ototoxicity (both very low‐certainty evidence). No other outcomes were reported. 4. Different types of systemic antibiotics This is a summary of four comparisons, where different antibiotics were compared to each other. Eight studies compared different types of systemic antibiotics against each other: quinolones against beta‐lactams (four studies), lincosamides against nitroimidazoles (one study) and comparisons of different types of beta‐lactams (three studies). It was not possible to conclude if there was one class or type of systemic antibiotic that was better in terms of resolution of ear discharge. The studies did not report adverse events well. Authors' conclusions There was a limited amount of evidence available to examine whether systemic antibiotics are effective in achieving resolution of ear discharge for people with CSOM. When used alone (with or without aural toileting), we are very uncertain if systemic antibiotics are more effective than placebo or no treatment. When added to an effective intervention such as topical antibiotics, there seems to be little or no difference in resolution of ear discharge (low‐certainty evidence). Data were only available for certain classes of antibiotics and it is very uncertain whether one class of systemic antibiotic may be more effective than another. Adverse effects of systemic antibiotics were poorly reported in the studies included. As we found very sparse evidence for their efficacy, the possibility of adverse events may detract from their use for CSOM. Plain language summary Benefits and risks of antibiotics taken orally or given as an injection to treat chronic suppurative otitis media (persistent or recurring ear infection with discharge) Why is this question important? Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM), also known as chronic otitis media (COM), is an inflammation and infection of the middle ear that lasts for two weeks or more. People with CSOM usually experience recurrent or persistent discharge – fluid that leaks out from a hole or tear in the eardrum – and hearing loss. CSOM can be treated with antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections) taken orally or given as an injection (i.e. systemic treatment in which the whole body is treated). Systemic antibiotics can be used: ‐ alone; ‐ in combination with antibiotics in the form of drops, sprays, ointments or creams (topical, i.e. localised surface treatment); or ‐ in combination with other treatments such as steroids (anti‐inflammation medicines) or antiseptics (substances that stop or slow down the growth of micro‐organisms). To find out how effective systemic antibiotics are for treating CSOM, and whether they lead to side effects, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? First, we searched the medical literature for studies that followed people with CSOM for at least one week and compared: ‐ a systemic antibiotic used alone against a placebo (dummy) treatment, no treatment or another systemic antibiotic; ‐ a systemic antibiotic combined with another treatment, against that treatment alone. We then compared the results, and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes, and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found 18 studies that involved a total of 2135 people with CSOM. People were treated for between five days and 12 weeks, and were followed for up to one year. Four studies provided information about how they were funded or who supplied the medicines: two were publicly funded, and medicines were provided by pharmaceutical companies in the other two studies. Studies compared: ‐ systemic antibiotics against no treatment (one study); ‐ systemic antibiotics plus topical antibiotics against topical antibiotics alone (six studies); ‐ systemic antibiotics plus other treatments (other than topical antibiotics alone), against these same treatments without systemic antibiotics (four studies); ‐ different systemic antibiotics against one another (eight studies). Systemic antibiotics alone against no treatment We cannot determine from the only study we found whether systemic antibiotics alone are better or worse than no treatment. This is mainly because the study: ‐ was small; ‐ was conducted in ways that could have introduced error in the results; and ‐ reported limited information. Systemic antibiotics plus topical antibiotics against topical antibiotics alone Systemic antibiotics plus topical antibiotics may have little to no effect on whether discharge stops after one to two weeks, compared against topical antibiotics alone (five studies). We do not know if systemic antibiotics added to topical antibiotics have any other positive or negative effects, because: ‐ there are too few studies; ‐ available studies were small and may have been conducted in ways that introduce error in their results. Systemic antibiotics plus other treatments (other than topical antibiotics alone), against these same treatments without systemic antibiotics We cannot determine from the evidence available whether systemic antibiotics are effective or lead to adverse events when added to treatments other than topical antibiotics only. This is mainly because the few studies available reported limited information. Comparisons between different systemic antibiotics We do not know whether some systemic antibiotics are better than others. This is mainly because the way studies were conducted is likely to have introduced error in their results. What does this mean? There is insufficient robust evidence to determine whether systemic antibiotics are effective treatments for CSOM, and whether they lead to side effects. Evidence about side effects is particularly limited. When added to topical antibiotics, systemic antibiotics may make little to no difference to whether discharge resolves after one to two weeks. We do not know if some systemic antibiotics are better than others. How‐up‐to date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to March 2020.
 Protein supplementation of human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Preterm infants require high protein intake to achieve adequate growth and development. Although breast milk feeding has many benefits for this population, the protein content is highly variable, and inadequate to support rapid infant growth. This is a 2020 update of a Cochrane Review first published in 1999. Objectives To determine whether protein‐supplemented human milk compared with unsupplemented human milk, fed to preterm infants, improves growth, body composition, cardio‐metabolic, and neurodevelopmental outcomes, without significant adverse effects. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2019, Issue 8) in the Cochrane Library and MEDLINE via PubMed on 23 August 2019. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria Published and unpublished RCTs were eligible if they used random or quasi‐random methods to allocate hospitalised preterm infants who were being fed human milk, to additional protein supplementation or no supplementation. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently abstracted data, assessed risk of bias and the quality of evidence at the outcome level, using GRADE methodology. We performed meta‐analyses, using risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data, and mean difference (MD) for continuous data, with their respective 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used a fixed‐effect model and had planned to explore potential causes of heterogeneity via subgroup or sensitivity analyses. Main results We included six RCTs, involving 204 preterm infants. The risk of bias for most methodological domains was unclear as there was insufficient detail reported. Low‐quality evidence showed that protein supplementation of human milk may increase in‐hospital rates of growth in weight (MD 3.82 g/kg/day, 95% CI 2.94 to 4.7; five RCTs, 101 infants; I² = 73%), length (MD 0.12 cm/wk, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.17; four RCTs, 68 infants; I² = 89%), and head circumference (MD 0.06 cm/wk, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.12; four RCTs, 68 infants; I² = 84%). Protein supplementation may lead to longer hospital stays (MD 18.5 days, 95% CI 4.39 to 32.61; one RCT, 20 infants; very low‐quality evidence). Very low quality evidence means that the effect of protein supplementation on the risk of feeding intolerance (RR 2.70, 95% CI 0.13 to 58.24; one RCT, 17 infants), or necrotizing enterocolitis (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.07 to 17.12; one RCT, 76 infants) remains uncertain. No data were available about the effects of protein supplementation on neurodevelopmental outcomes. Authors' conclusions Low‐quality evidence showed that protein supplementation of human milk, fed to preterm infants, increased short‐term growth. However, the small sample sizes, low precision, and very low‐quality evidence regarding duration of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotising enterocolitis precluded any conclusions about these outcomes. There were no data on outcomes after hospital discharge. Our findings may not be generalisable to low‐resource settings, as none of the included studies were conducted in these settings. Since protein supplementation of human milk is now usually done as a component of multi‐nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi‐component fortifiers, and be designed to determine the effects on duration of hospital stay and safety, as well as on long‐term growth, body composition, cardio‐metabolic, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Plain language summary Protein supplementation of human milk for promoting growth in preterm infants Review question We reviewed the evidence to see whether the addition of extra protein to human milk, compared with no additional protein, fed to preterm infants, improved growth, body fat, obesity, heart problems, high blood sugar, and brain development, without significant side effects. Background Lack of adequate protein intake during the early stages of the preterm infant's life can result in poor growth and development. Preterm infants need more protein than full term babies. Breast milk has numerous benefits for babies born preterm (before 37 weeks), but its protein content is variable, and may not meet the nutritional needs of the rapidly growing preterm infant. Therefore, to meet their higher protein needs, and to promote optimum health and long‐term development, additional protein, in the form of a fortifier, may be added to expressed breast milk for preterm babies. Study characteristics We found six randomised trials (trials in which each infant had an equal chance of being chosen to receive either treatment), involving 204 preterm infants. The search is up to date to August 2019. Key results Low‐quality evidence showed that the addition of extra protein to breast milk increased short‐term rates of weight gain (five trials), length gain (four trials), and head growth (four trials). Low‐quality evidence from one trial did not show a clear difference in the rate of growth of skin fold thickness (measure of fat under the skin) between the supplemented and unsupplemented groups. Very low‐quality evidence from one trial reported that infants who received additional protein stayed in hospital longer, while very low‐quality evidence from four trials observed higher blood urea nitrogen concentrations (measure of kidney function and protein breakdown) in these infants, compared to those who received no additional protein. Very low‐quality evidence from one trial suggested that adding extra protein to expressed breast milk did not clearly increase the risk of necrotising enterocolitis (inflammation of the intestine) or feeding intolerance, or clearly alter serum albumin concentrations (a measure of blood protein levels). No data were available on the effects of adding extra protein to human milk on long‐term growth, body fat, obesity, high blood sugar, or brain development. Conclusions Adding extra protein to human milk for preterm infants may increase short‐term growth. However, its effect on length of hospital stay, feeding intolerance, and necrotizing enterocolitis is uncertain, due to data limitations and very low‐quality evidence. There were no data about effects on later health and development, or effects in low resource settings. Since protein supplementation of human milk is now usually done as a component of multi‐nutrient fortifiers, future studies should compare different amounts of protein in multi‐component fortifiers, and be designed to determine the effects on length of hospital stay, safety, long‐term growth, body fat, obesity, high blood sugar, and brain development.
 Topical treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis;  Abstract - Background Chronic plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis, and it is characterised by redness, thickness, and scaling. First‐line management of chronic plaque psoriasis is with topical treatments, including vitamin D analogues, topical corticosteroids, tar‐based preparations, dithranol, salicylic acid, and topical retinoids. Objectives To compare the effectiveness, tolerability, and safety of topical treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis, relative to placebo, and to similarly compare vitamin D analogues (used alone or in combination) with other topical treatments. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to February 2011: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library  (2011, Issue 2), MEDLINE (from 1948), EMBASE (from 1980), Science Citation Index (from 2008), Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Science (from 2008), BIOSIS (from 1993), Dissertation Abstracts via DialogClassic (all publication years), and Inside Conferences (all publication years). We identified ongoing and unpublished studies from the UK Clinical Research Network Study Portfolio and the  meta Register of Controlled Trials. We checked the bibliographies of published studies and reviews for further references to relevant trials, and we contacted trialists and companies for information about newly published studies. A separate search for adverse effects was undertaken in February 2011 using MEDLINE and EMBASE (from 2005). Final update searches for both RCTs and adverse effects were undertaken in August 2012. Although it has not been possible to incorporate RCTs and adverse effects studies identified through these final searches within this review, we will incorporate these into the next update. Selection criteria Randomised trials comparing active topical treatments against placebo or against vitamin D analogues (used alone or in combination) in people with chronic plaque psoriasis. Data collection and analysis One author extracted study data and assessed study quality. A second author checked these data. We routinely contacted trialists and companies for missing data. We also extracted data on withdrawals and on local and systemic adverse events. We defined long‐term trials as those with a duration of at least 24 weeks. Main results This update added 48 trials and provided evidence on 7 new active treatments. In total, the review included 177 randomised controlled trials, with 34,808 participants, including 26 trials of scalp psoriasis and 6 trials of inverse psoriasis, facial psoriasis, or both. The number of included studies counted by Review Manager (RevMan) is higher than these figures (190) because we entered each study reporting a placebo and an active comparison into the 'Characteristics of included studies' table as 2 studies. When used on the body, most vitamin D analogues were significantly more effective than placebo, with the standardised mean difference (SMD) ranging from ‐0.67 (95% CI ‐1.04 to ‐0.30; 1 study, 119 participants) for twice‐daily becocalcidiol to SMD ‐1.66 (95% CI ‐2.66 to ‐0.67; 1 study, 11 participants) for once‐daily paricalcitol. On a 6‐point global improvement scale, these effects translate into 0.8 and 1.9 points, respectively. Most corticosteroids also performed better than placebo; potent corticosteroids (SMD ‐0.89; 95% CI ‐1.06 to ‐0.72; I² statistic = 65.1%; 14 studies, 2011 participants) had smaller benefits than very potent corticosteroids (SMD ‐1.56; 95% CI ‐1.87 to ‐1.26); I² statistic = 81.7%; 10 studies, 1264 participants). On a 6‐point improvement scale, these benefits equate to 1.0 and 1.8 points, respectively. Dithranol, combined treatment with vitamin D/corticosteroid, and tazarotene all performed significantly better than placebo. Head‐to‐head comparisons of vitamin D for psoriasis of the body against potent or very potent corticosteroids had mixed findings. For both body and scalp psoriasis, combined treatment with vitamin D and corticosteroid performed significantly better than vitamin D alone or corticosteroid alone. Vitamin D generally performed better than coal tar, but findings relative to dithranol were mixed. When applied to psoriasis of the scalp, vitamin D was significantly less effective than both potent corticosteroids and very potent corticosteroids. Indirect evidence from placebo‐controlled trials supported these findings. For both body and scalp psoriasis, potent corticosteroids were less likely than vitamin D to cause local adverse events, such as burning or irritation. Combined treatment with vitamin D/corticosteroid on either the body or the scalp was tolerated as well as potent corticosteroids, and significantly better than vitamin D alone. Only 25 trials assessed clinical cutaneous dermal atrophy; few cases were detected, but trials reported insufficient information to determine whether assessment methods were robust. Clinical measurements of dermal atrophy are insensitive and detect only the most severe cases. No comparison of topical agents found a significant difference in systemic adverse effects. Authors' conclusions Corticosteroids perform at least as well as vitamin D analogues, and they are associated with a lower incidence of local adverse events. However, for people with chronic plaque psoriasis receiving long‐term treatment with corticosteroids, there remains a lack of evidence about the risk of skin dermal atrophy. Further research is required to inform long‐term maintenance treatment and provide appropriate safety data. Plain language summary Skin treatments for chronic plaque psoriasis Chronic plaque psoriasis is the most common type of psoriasis. Although any part of the body may be affected, the most commonly affected sites are the elbows, knees, and scalp. 'Topical' treatments (i.e. treatments applied to the skin) are usually tried first. These include vitamin D products, topical corticosteroids, tar‐based preparations, dithranol, salicylic acid, and vitamin A products. As chronic plaque psoriasis is a long‐term condition, it is important to find out which treatments work best and what adverse effects they have. This review describes average benefits of different treatments, while recognising that individuals will vary in their experience of each treatment. The evidence was based on 177 studies, which, in total, included 34,808 people. Studies were typically about 7 weeks' long, but this ranged from 1 week to 52 weeks. Vitamin D products were found to work better than placebo (the base cream or ointment). Potent topical corticosteroids (strong, e.g. betamethasone dipropionate) and very potent (very strong, e.g. clobetasol propionate) topical corticosteroids were also effective. Some studies compared vitamin D products directly with potent or very potent corticosteroids. These products had similar effects when applied to the body, but corticosteroids worked better than vitamin D for scalp psoriasis. Treatment that combined vitamin D with a corticosteroid was more effective than vitamin D alone and more effective than the topical corticosteroid alone. Vitamin D products generally performed better than coal tar, but studies found conflicting results when comparing vitamin D with dithranol. Whether applied to the body or to the scalp, potent corticosteroids were less likely than vitamin D to cause 'local adverse events', such as skin irritation or burning, and people were therefore more likely to stop using vitamin D products. When studies examined whether topical treatments had effects within the body ('systemic adverse events'), we found no difference between placebo and any other treatment. However, this may be because many trials did not properly assess systemic adverse events, rather than because there really was no difference. More long‐term studies would help doctors and people with psoriasis decide on the best way to treat this chronic condition.
 Interventions for morphea;  Abstract - Background Morphea (morphoea) is an immune‐mediated disease in which excess synthesis and deposition of collagen in the skin and underlying connective tissues results in hardened cutaneous areas. Morphea has different clinical features according to the subtype and stage of evolution of the disease. There is currently no consensus on optimal interventions for morphea. Objectives To assess the effects of treatments for people with any form of morphea. Search methods We searched the following databases up to July 2018: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, and five trial registers. We checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of topical, intralesional, or systemic treatments (isolated or combined) in anyone who has been clinically diagnosed by a medical practitioner with any form of morphea. Eligible controls were placebo, no intervention, any other treatment, or different doses or duration of a treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. The primary outcomes were global improvement of disease activity or damage assessed by a medical practitioner or by participants, and adverse effects. Secondary outcomes were improvement of disease activity and improvement of disease damage. We used GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 14 trials, with a total of 429 randomised participants, aged between 3 and 76 years. There were juvenile and adult participants; over half were female, and the majority had circumscribed morphea, followed by linear scleroderma. The settings of the studies (where described) included a dermatologic centre, a national laboratory centre, paediatric rheumatology and dermatology centres, and a university hospital or medical centre. The studies evaluated heterogenous therapies for different types of morphea, covering a wide range of comparisons. We were unable to conduct any meta‐analyses. Seven studies investigated topical medications, two evaluated intralesional medications, and five investigated systemic medications. The study duration ranged from seven weeks to 15 months from baseline. We present here results for our primary outcomes for our four key comparisons. All of these results are based on low‐quality evidence. The included studies were at high risk of performance, detection, attrition, and reporting bias. Global improvement of disease activity or damage after treatment may be higher with oral methotrexate (15 mg/m², maximum 20 mg, once a week, for 12 months or until disease flare) plus oral prednisone (1 mg/kg a day, maximum of 50 mg, in a single morning dose, for three months, and one month with gradually decreased dose until discontinuation) than with placebo plus oral prednisone in children and adolescents with active morphea (linear scleroderma, generalised morphea or mixed morphea: linear and circumscribed) (risk ratio (RR) 2.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20 to 4.45; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 3; 1 randomised controlled trial (RCT); 70 participants, all juvenile). This outcome was measured 12 months from the start of treatment or until flare of the disease. Data were not available separately for each morphea type. There may be little or no difference in the number of participants experiencing at least one adverse event with oral methotrexate (26/46) or placebo (11/24) (RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.75 to 2.04; 1 RCT; 70 participants assessed during the 12‐month follow‐up). Adverse events related to methotrexate included alopecia, nausea, headache, fatigue and hepatotoxicity, whilst adverse events related to prednisone (given in both groups) included weight gain (more than 5% of body weight) and striae rubrae. One three‐armed RCT compared the following treatments: medium‐dose (50 J/cm²) UVA‐1; low‐dose (20 J/cm²) UVA‐1; and narrowband UVB phototherapy. There may be little or no difference between treatments in global improvement of disease activity or damage, as assessed through the modified skin score (where high values represent a worse outcome): medium‐dose UVA‐1 phototherapy versus low‐dose UVA‐1 group: MD 1.60, 95% CI −1.70 to 4.90 (44 participants); narrowband UVB phototherapy versus medium‐dose UVA‐1 group: MD −1.70, 95% CI −5.27 to 1.87 (35 participants); and narrowband UVB versus low‐dose UVA‐1 group: MD −0.10, 95% CI −2.49 to 2.29 (45 participants). This RCT included children and adults with active morphea (circumscribed morphea, linear scleroderma (with trunk/limb variant and head variant), generalised morphea, or mixed morphea), who received phototherapy five times a week, for eight weeks. Outcomes were measured at eight weeks from the start of treatment. Safety data, measured throughout treatment, from the same RCT (62 participants) showed that treatment with UVA‐1 phototherapy may cause mild tanning compared to narrowband UVB: narrowband UVB versus medium‐dose UVA‐1: RR 0.03, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.42; 35 participants; narrowband UVB versus low‐dose UVA‐1: RR 0.03, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.41; 45 participants. However, there may be no difference in the number of participants reporting mild tanning when comparing medium and low dose UVA‐1 phototherapy (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.10; 44 participants). Transient erythema was reported in three participants with narrowband UVB and no participants in the low‐ or medium‐dose UVA‐1 groups. Authors' conclusions Compared to placebo plus oral prednisone, oral methotrexate plus oral prednisone may improve disease activity or damage in juvenile active morphea (linear scleroderma, generalised morphea or mixed morphea: linear and circumscribed), but there may be a slightly increased chance of experiencing at least one adverse event. When medium‐dose UVA‐1 (50 J/cm²), low‐dose UVA‐1 (20 J/cm²), and narrowband UVB were compared against each other in treating children and adults with active morphea (circumscribed morphea, linear scleroderma, generalised morphea and mixed morphea), there may be little or no difference between these treatments on global improvement of disease activity or damage. UVA‐1 phototherapy may cause more mild tanning than narrowband UVB, but there may be no difference between medium‐ and low‐dose UVA‐1 phototherapy. These results are based on low‐quality evidence. Limitations of data and analyses include risk of bias and imprecision (small number of participants or events and wide confidence intervals). We encourage multicentre RCTs to increase sample size and evaluate, with validated tools, different treatment responses according to the subtypes of morphea and age groups. Plain language summary Interventions for morphea Review question The aim of this Cochrane Review was to assess the effects of treatments, either given in isolation or combination, for people with morphea (morphoea), when compared with an inactive substance (placebo), no intervention, any other treatment, or different doses or duration of a treatment. We collected and analysed all relevant studies published up to July 2018. Background Morphea is a rare disease that causes skin hardening. It affects adults and children equally, and is more common in females. There are different subtypes of morphea, with different characteristics: circumscribed morphea is generally less severe than the other subtypes; linear scleroderma can cause significant body differences, possibly affecting growth in children; generalised morphea is a severe type involving multiple areas of the body; pansclerotic morphea is a severe and progressive type of generalised morphea; and mixed morphea is the presence of two or more disease types. Recurrence rates are high, and even when disease activity reduces, a person can be left with permanent effects. This review intended to assess the safety and effectiveness of different treatments for morphea. Study characteristics We found 14 relevant studies, with a total of 429 participants, including children and adults aged from three to 76 years. Over half of the participants were female. Most participants had circumscribed morphea, followed by linear scleroderma. Six studies did not describe their setting, but the rest were set in university hospital, medical centre, or national laboratory centre. Seven studies received funding from either universities, government or association scholarships, or the pharmaceutical industry. Six studies had no funding, and one study did not report this information. Seven studies compared topical medications: phototherapy; an immunosuppressive (suppresses immune system activity); an antiallergic drug; and a corticosteroid (an anti‐inflammatory). Two studies compared medications within the lesion itself: collagen, and an immunomodulator (modifies the immune response). Five studies compared systemic medications (meaning they affect the whole body): an immunosuppressive; traditional Chinese medicine therapies; and a vitamin D analogue (a form of vitamin D). These treatments were compared with either no treatment; placebo; differing doses of phototherapy; hydroxychloroquine (an immune system regulator); emollient petrolatum (moisturising treatment); corticosteroids; an anticoagulant agent (blood thinner) taken with a medicinal plant extract and vitamin E tablet; or antibiotic with base cream. The studies lasted between seven weeks and 15 months. Key results The results we present in this summary are based on low‐quality evidence. Children and teenagers with active morphea (linear scleroderma, generalised morphea and mixed morphea: linear and circumscribed) may experience greater improvement of disease activity or damage with oral methotrexate plus prednisone than with placebo plus prednisone. We would expect that out of 100 children and teenagers, 67 would experience improvement with methotrexate, compared with 29 given placebo; this is based on results measured either 12 months after start of treatment or until flare of the disease. In addition, there may be little or no difference in the number of participants experiencing at least one side effect during treatment (such as hair loss, headache, sickness, tiredness, or liver damage) between those given methotrexate and those given placebo. Side effects from prednisone (given in both groups) included weight gain and stretch marks. We would expect that out of 100 children and teenagers, 56 would experience at least one side effect with methotrexate, compared with 46 given placebo. Children and adults with active morphea (circumscribed morphea, linear scleroderma, generalised morphea, or mixed morphea) may present similar reduction in disease activity or damage with medium‐dose (50 J/cm²) UVA‐1, low‐dose (20 J/cm²) UVA‐1, or narrowband UVB phototherapy. Those treated with medium‐dose (50 J/cm²) UVA‐1 or low‐dose (20 J/cm²) UVA‐1 phototherapy may have mild tanning after the treatment compared to those treated with narrowband UVB phototherapy. However, there may be no difference in the number of participants reporting mild tanning when comparing medium‐ and low‐dose UVA‐1 phototherapy. Temporary redness was reported in three participants given narrowband UVB and none of the participants in either the low‐ or medium‐dose UVA‐1 groups. Quality of the evidence We considered the quality of evidence as low because most studies included few participants and there were concerns over the design of some studies, such as no treatment masking and incomplete analysis.
 Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy for maternal and newborn outcomes;  Abstract - Background The World Health Organization recommends routine vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy or lactation in areas with endemic vitamin A deficiency (where night blindness occurs), based on the expectation that supplementation will improve maternal and newborn outcomes including mortality, morbidity and prevention of anaemia or infection.   Objectives To review the effects of supplementation of vitamin A, or one of its derivatives, during pregnancy, alone or in combination with other vitamins and micronutrients, on maternal and newborn clinical outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 March 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria All randomised or quasi‐randomised trials, including cluster‐randomised trials, evaluating the effect of vitamin A supplementation in pregnant women. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Main results We reviewed 106 reports of 35 trials, published between 1931 and 2015. We included 19 trials including over 310,000 women, excluded 15 trials and one is ongoing. Overall, seven trials were judged to be of low risk of bias, three were high risk of bias and for nine it was unclear. 1) Vitamin A alone versus placebo or no treatment Overall, when trial results are pooled, vitamin A supplementation does not affect the risk of maternal mortality (risk ratio (RR) 0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.65 to 1.20; four trials Ghana, Nepal, Bangladesh, UK,  high quality evidence ), perinatal mortality (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.95 to 1.07; one study,  high quality evidence ), neonatal mortality, stillbirth, neonatal anaemia, preterm birth (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.01, five studies,  high quality evidence ), or the risk of having a low birthweight baby. Vitamin A supplementation reduces the risk of maternal night blindness (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.64 to 0.98; two trials). There is evidence that vitamin A supplements may reduce maternal clinical infection (RR 0.45, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.99, five trials; South Africa, Nepal, Indonesia, Tanzania, UK,  low quality evidence ) and maternal anaemia (RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.94; three studies,  moderate quality evidence ). 2) Vitamin A alone versus micronutrient supplements without vitamin A Vitamin A alone compared to micronutrient supplements without vitamin A does not decrease maternal clinical infection (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.18, two trials, 591 women). No other primary or secondary outcomes were reported 3) Vitamin A with other micronutrients versus micronutrient supplements without vitamin A Vitamin A supplementation (with other micronutrients) does not decrease perinatal mortality (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.10 to 2.69; one study,  low quality evidence ), maternal anaemia (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.09; three studies,  low quality evidence ), maternal clinical infection (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.13; I² = 45%, two studies,  low quality evidence ) or preterm birth (RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.08 to 1.93; one study,  low quality evidence ). In HIV‐positive women vitamin A supplementation given with other micronutrients was associated with fewer low birthweight babies (< 2.5 kg) in the supplemented group in one study (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.96; one study, 594 women). Authors' conclusions The pooled results of three large trials in Nepal, Ghana and Bangladesh (with over 153,500 women) do not currently suggest a role for antenatal vitamin A supplementation to reduce maternal or perinatal mortality. However, the populations studied were probably different with regard to baseline vitamin A status and there were problems with follow‐up of women. There is good evidence that antenatal vitamin A supplementation reduces maternal night blindness, maternal anaemia for women who live in areas where vitamin A deficiency is common or who are HIV‐positive. In addition the available evidence suggests a reduction in maternal infection, but these data are not of a high quality. Plain language summary Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy for maternal and newborn health outcomes What is the issue? Vitamin A is a fat‐soluble vitamin found in liver, kidney, eggs, and dairy produce. Low dietary fat intake or intestinal infections may interfere with the absorption of vitamin A. Natural retinoids are required for a wide range of biological processes including vision, immune function, bone metabolism and blood production. In pregnancy, extra vitamin A may be required. Currently, the World Health Organization (WHO) and other international agencies recommend routine vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy or at any time during lactation in areas with endemic vitamin A deficiency (where night blindness occurs). Why is this important? It has been suggested that a low intake of vitamin A may be associated with complications in pregnancy such as death of the mother or baby, increased infections for the mother or baby, low iron level for the mother or baby or having a baby with any of the following complications: early delivery, low birthweight or a congential abnormality. What evidence did we find? This review included 19 studies involving over 310,000 women. Seven trials were conducted in Africa, six in Indonesia, two in Bangladesh, and one each in Nepal, China, India, UK and USA. Most of the trials were conducted in populations considered to be vitamin A deficient (except USA and UK). The overall risk of bias was low to unclear in most of the trials, and the body of evidence was moderate to high quality. The findings indicate that routine supplementation with vitamin A (either alone or in combination with other supplements) during pregnancy did not reduce mother or newborn baby deaths. There is good evidence that antenatal vitamin A supplementation does reduce maternal anaemia in women who live in areas where vitamin A deficiency is common or who are HIV‐positive. The trials published so far did not report any side effects or adverse events. The available evidence suggests a reduction in maternal infection but these data are not of a high quality and further trials would be needed to confirm or refute this. What does this mean? Taking vitamin A supplements during pregnancy does not help to prevent maternal deaths (related to pregnancy) or perinatal or newborn baby deaths. Taking vitamin A supplements during pregnancy does not help to prevent other problems that can occur such as stillbirth, preterm birth, low birthweight of babies or newborn babies with anaemia. However, the risk of maternal anaemia, maternal infection and maternal night blindness is reduced.
 High versus low medium chain triglyceride content of formula for promoting short‐term growth of preterm infants;  Abstract - Background In‐hospital growth of preterm infants remains a challenge in clinical practice. The high nutrient demands of preterm infants often lead to growth faltering. For preterm infants who cannot be fed maternal or donor breast milk or may require supplementation, preterm formulas with fat in the form of medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) or long chain triglycerides (LCTs) may be chosen to support nutrient utilization and to improve growth. MCTs are easily accessible to the preterm infant with an immature digestive system, and LCTs are beneficial for central nervous system development and visual function. Both have been incorporated into preterm formulas in varying amounts, but their effects on the preterm infant's short‐term growth remain unclear. This is an update of a review originally published in 2002, then in 2007. Objectives To determine the effects of formula containing high as opposed to low MCTs on early growth in preterm infants fed a diet consisting primarily of formula.  Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2020, Issue 8), in the Cochrane Library; Ovid MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Ovid MEDLINE(R) Daily, and Ovid MEDLINE(R); MEDLINE via PubMed for the previous year; and Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), on 16 September 2020. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria We included all randomized and quasi‐randomized trials comparing the effects of feeding high versus low MCT formula (for a minimum of five days) on the short‐term growth of preterm (< 37 weeks' gestation) infants. We defined high MCT formula as 30% or more by weight, and low MCT formula as less than 30% by weight. The infants must be on full enteral diets, and the allocated formula must be the predominant source of nutrition. Data collection and analysis The review authors assessed each study's quality and extracted data on growth parameters as well as adverse effects from included studies. All data used in analysis were continuous; therefore, mean differences with 95% confidence intervals were reported. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We identified 10 eligible trials (253 infants) and extracted relevant growth data from 7 of these trials (136 infants). These studies were found to provide evidence of very low to low certainty. Risk of bias was noted, as few studies described specific methods for random sequence generation, allocation concealment, or blinding. We found no evidence of differences in short‐term growth parameters when high and low MCT formulas were compared. As compared to low MCT formula, preterm infants fed high MCT formula showed little to no difference in weight gain velocity (g/kg/d) during the intervention, with a typical mean difference (MD) of ‐0.21 g/kg/d (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐1.24 to 0.83; 6 studies, 118 infants; low‐certainty evidence). The analysis for weight gain (g/d) did not show evidence of differences, with an MD of 0.00 g/d (95% CI ‐5.93 to 5.93; 1 study, 18 infants; very low‐certainty evidence), finding an average weight gain of 20 ± 5.9 versus 20 ± 6.9 g/d for high and low MCT groups, respectively. We found that length gain showed no difference between low and high MCT formulas, with a typical MD of 0.10 cm/week (95% CI ‐0.09 to 0.29; 3 studies, 61 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). Head circumference gain also showed little to no difference during the intervention period, with an MD of ‐0.04 cm/week (95% CI ‐0.17 to 0.09; 3 studies, 61 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Two studies reported skinfold thickness with different measurement definitions, and evidence was insufficient to determine if there was a difference (2 studies, 32 infants; very low‐certainty evidence). There are conflicting data (5 studies) as to formula tolerance, with 4 studies reporting narrative results of no observed clinical difference and 1 study reporting higher incidence of signs of gastrointestinal intolerance in high MCT formula groups. There is no evidence of effect on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), based on small numbers in two trials. Review authors found no studies addressing long‐term growth parameters or neurodevelopmental outcomes. Authors' conclusions We found evidence of very low to low certainty suggesting no differences among short‐term growth data for infants fed low versus high MCT formulas. Due to lack of evidence and uncertainty, neither formula type could be concluded to improve short‐term growth outcomes or have fewer adverse effects. Further studies are necessary because the results from included studies are imprecise due to small numbers and do not address important long‐term outcomes. Additional research should aim to clarify effects on formula tolerance and on long‐term growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and should include larger study populations to better evaluate effect on NEC incidence. Plain language summary High versus low medium chain triglyceride content of formula for promoting short‐term growth of preterm infants Review question How does high versus low medium chain triglyceride content of formula impact short‐term growth of preterm infants? Background Triglycerides are the main constituents of body fat in humans. Fat provides about half of the energy source (calories) in human breast milk, mostly as long chain fatty acid triglycerides (LCTs). Nutrition is essential for growth, metabolism, and immunity. Impaired weight gain and growth in preterm infants are significantly associated with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. Poor nutrition has been linked to inadequate head growth and thus poor psychomotor and mental skills, higher rates of cerebral palsy, and autism. As a way of improving growth, fat can be added to formula used to feed preterm infants who cannot be fed maternal or donor breast milk or who may require supplementation. Fats in formula can contain triglycerides with long chain fatty acids or shorter medium chain fatty acids (MCTs). MCTs are more easily absorbed by the newborn infant with an immature digestive system. LCTs are still important for development of visual acuity and development of cell membranes and the brain. Study characteristics We included 10 small studies that compared the effects of feeding high versus low MCT formulas (for a minimum of 5 days) on short‐term growth (weight, length, and head circumference gain) of preterm infants. These infants had a mean gestational age between 29 and 32 weeks, mean birth weight between 1 kg and 1.5 kg, and mean age of one to six weeks. The evidence is up to date as of September 2020. Key results The pattern of growth in infants fed high MCT versus low MCT formula shows little to no difference in any of the primary short‐term growth outcomes.  Certainty of evidence We found little to no difference in short‐term growth outcomes among premature infants fed either low MCT or high MCT formulas. The small number of trials (10), each containing a small study population, may be responsible for lack of evidence of a difference. We found evidence of very low to low certainty. Certainty is defined as low if confidence in the result is limited, meaning the true effect of individualized fortification on growth in preterm infants may be substantially different from the results of this review. Certainty is defined as very low if there is little confidence in the estimate of effect, which is likely to be substantially different from the results of this review.
 Emollients and moisturisers for eczema;  Abstract - Background Eczema is a chronic skin disease characterised by dry skin, intense itching, inflammatory skin lesions, and has a considerable impact on quality of life. Moisturisation is an integral part of treatment, but it is unclear if moisturisers are effective. Objectives To assess the effects of moisturisers for eczema. Search methods We searched the following databases to December 2015: Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, and GREAT. We searched five trials registers and checked references of included and excluded studies for further relevant trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in people with eczema. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Main results We included 77 studies (mean duration: 6.7 weeks; 6603 participants, mean age: 18.6 years). Thirty‐six studies were at high risk of bias, 34 at unclear risk, and seven at low risk. Twenty‐four studies assessed our primary outcome of participant‐assessed disease severity, 13 assessed satisfaction, and 41 assessed adverse events. Secondary outcomes included investigator‐assessed disease severity (addressed in 65 studies), skin barrier function (29), flare prevention (16), quality of life (10), and corticosteroid use (eight). Adverse events reporting was limited (smarting, stinging, pruritus, erythema, folliculitis). Six studies evaluated moisturiser versus no moisturiser. Participant‐assessed disease severity and satisfaction were not assessed. Moisturiser use yielded lower SCORing Atopic Dermatitis (SCORAD) scores than no moisturiser (3 studies, 276 participants; mean difference (MD) ‐2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐4.55 to ‐0.28), but the minimal important difference (MID) was unmet. Moisturiser use resulted in fewer flares (2 studies, 87 participants; RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.70), prolonged time to flare (median: 180 versus 30 days), and reduced use of topical corticosteroids (2 studies, 222 participants; MD ‐9.30 g, 95% CI ‐15.3 to ‐3.27). There was no clear difference in adverse events (1 study, 173 participants; risk ratio (RR) 15.34, 95% CI 0.90 to 261.64). Evidence for these outcomes was low quality. With Atopiclair, 174/232 participants reported improvement in disease severity versus 27/158 using vehicle (3 studies; RR 4.51, 95% CI 2.19 to 9.29). Atopiclair decreased itching (4 studies, 396 participants; MD ‐2.65, 95% CI ‐4.21 to ‐1.09) and achieved more frequent satisfaction (2 studies, 248 participants; RR 2.14, 95% CI 1.58 to 2.89), fewer flares (3 studies, 397 participants; RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.31), and lower Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) scores (4 studies, 426 participants; MD ‐4.0, 95% CI ‐5.42 to ‐2.57), but the MID was unmet. The number of participants reporting adverse events was not statistically different (4 studies, 430 participants; RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.33). Evidence for these outcomes was moderate quality. Participants reported skin improvement more frequently with urea‐containing cream than placebo (1 study, 129 participants; RR 1.28, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.53; low‐quality evidence), with equal satisfaction between the two groups (1 study, 38 participants; low‐quality evidence). Urea‐containing cream improved dryness (investigator‐assessed) (1 study, 128 participants; RR 1.40, 95% CI 1.14 to 1.71; moderate‐quality evidence), and produced fewer flares (1 study, 44 participants; RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.24 to 0.92; low‐quality evidence), but caused more adverse events (1 study, 129 participants; RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.16 to 2.34; moderate‐quality evidence). Three studies assessed glycerol‐containing moisturiser versus vehicle or placebo. More participants in the glycerol group noticed skin improvement (1 study, 134 participants; RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.48; moderate‐quality evidence), which also included improved investigator‐assessed SCORAD scores (1 study, 249 participants; MD ‐2.20, 95% CI ‐3.44 to ‐0.96; high‐quality evidence), but the MID was unmet. Participant satisfaction was not addressed. The number of adverse events reported was not statistically significant (2 studies, 385 participants; RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; moderate‐quality evidence). Four studies investigated oat‐containing moisturisers versus no treatment or vehicle. No significant differences between groups were reported for participant‐assessed disease severity (1 study, 50 participants; RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.46; low‐quality evidence), satisfaction (1 study, 50 participants; RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.52; very low‐quality evidence), or investigator‐assessed disease severity (3 studies, 272 participants; standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐0.23, 95% CI ‐0.66 to 0.21; low‐quality evidence). In the oat group, there were fewer flares (1 study, 43 participants; RR 0.31, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.7; low‐quality evidence) and reduced use of topical corticosteroids (2 studies, 222 participants; MD ‐9.30g, 95% CI 15.3 to ‐3.27; low‐quality evidence), but more adverse events (1 study, 173 participants; Peto odds ratio (OR) 7.26, 95% CI 1.76 to 29.92; low‐quality evidence). We compared all moisturisers to placebo, vehicle, or no moisturiser. Participants considered moisturisers to be more effective for reducing eczema (5 studies, 572 participants; RR 2.46, 95% CI 1.16 to 5.23; low‐quality evidence) and itch (7 studies, 749 participants; SMD ‐1.10, 95% CI ‐1.83 to ‐0.38) than control. Participants in both treatment arms reported comparable satisfaction (3 studies, 296 participants; RR 1.35, 95% CI 0.77 to 2.26; low‐quality evidence). Moisturisers led to lower investigator‐assessed disease severity scores (12 studies, 1281 participants; SMD ‐1.04, 95% CI ‐1.57 to ‐0.51; high‐quality evidence) and fewer flares (6 studies, 607 participants; RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.62; moderate‐quality evidence), without a difference in adverse events (10 studies, 1275 participants; RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.30; moderate‐quality evidence). Topical active treatment combined with moisturiser was more effective than active treatment alone in reducing investigator‐assessed disease severity scores (3 studies, 192 participants; SMD ‐0.87, 95% CI ‐1.17 to ‐0.57; moderate‐quality evidence) and flares (1 study, 105 participants; RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.93), and was preferred by participants (both low‐quality evidence). There was no clear difference in number of adverse events (1 study, 125 participants; RR 0.39, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.19; very low‐quality evidence). Participant‐assessed disease severity was not addressed. Authors' conclusions Most moisturisers showed some beneficial effects; prolonging time to flare, reducing the number of flares and the amount of topical corticosteroids needed to achieve similar reductions in eczema severity. Moisturisers combined with active treatment gave better results than active treatment alone. We did not find reliable evidence that one moisturiser is better than another. Plain language summary Emollients and moisturisers for eczema Review question Do emollients and moisturisers help control eczema? Background Eczema is a chronic (long‐lasting) skin disorder. Its main symptoms are dry skin and intense itching. Affected areas appear red, with crusts and scratches, and may ooze fluid. Moisturisers are considered important in eczema treatment, but there is uncertainty about how well they work, and whether any one moisturiser works better ‐ and is preferable ‐ to another. Study characteristics We searched the medical literature up to December 2015, and identified 77 relevant studies with 6603 participants, with mainly mild to moderate eczema. Participant age ranged from four months to 84 years (mean: 18.6 years). Most studies lasted between two and six weeks; a few lasted six months. Forty‐six studies received funding from pharmaceutical companies. Key results Most moisturisers appeared to be effective. Twenty‐four studies reported participant‐assessed eczema severity. Only 13 studies assessed participant satisfaction with the moisturiser. Side effects (adverse events) were reported in 41 studies, although this information was often limited (mainly smarting, stinging, itch, redness). Most studies evaluated physician‐assessed severity of eczema (65 studies). Other outcomes addressed were skin barrier function (29 studies), flare prevention (16), quality of life (10), and corticosteroid use (8). According to physicians, moisturisers reduced eczema severity compared with no moisturiser (3 studies), but the reduction was too small to be considered meaningful for patients. Moisturiser use resulted in fewer flares (2 studies), and reduced the need for topical corticosteroids (2 studies). Participant‐assessed eczema severity and satisfaction were not evaluated. There was no difference in the number of adverse events reported. Participants thought Atopiclair (containing glycyrrhetinic acid) was more than four times more effective at improving eczema‐severity than the control (i.e. identical looking, but without glycyrrhetinic acid) (3 studies). However, physicians did not identify a meaningful difference for patients. Atopiclair led to greater reduction of itch (4 studies), more frequent participant satisfaction (2 studies), and fewer flares (3 studies). The number of reported adverse events was similar in each group. Four studies evaluated urea‐containing cream. Participants using urea cream reported improvement more often than those using control (1 study). Satisfaction ratings in both groups were comparably positive (1 study). Urea‐containing cream improved dryness more often (physician assessment) (1 study) and led to fewer flares (1 study), but with more adverse events reported. Three studies assessed glycerol‐containing moisturiser versus control. More participants in the glycerol group considered their skin to be improved (1 study), as did physicians, but these differences were not meaningful for patients. Participant satisfaction was not addressed. There was no difference in the number of adverse events reported. Four studies investigated oat‐containing moisturisers versus no treatment or control. No differences between groups were observed for participant‐assessed improvement (1 study), participant satisfaction (1 study), or physician‐assessed improvement (3 studies). However, the oat group had fewer flares (1 study), and a reduced need for topical corticosteroids (2 studies). Oat creams caused more adverse events. When we compared all moisturisers against no moisturiser or control, overall, participants considered moisturisers to be more than twice as effective in improving eczema than no moisturiser or control (5 studies), and more effective for itch (7 studies). Participants in both treatment arms reported comparable satisfaction (3 studies). According to physicians, moisturisers decreased eczema severity more than the control (12 studies), and led to fewer flares (6 studies). There were no differences between groups for the number of adverse events reported. According to physicians, topical corticosteroids were more effective at improving eczema when used with a moisturiser, rather than used alone (3 studies), and also reduced the number of flares (1 study). This combination was also favoured by participants, though participant‐assessed disease severity was not addressed. There was no difference in the number of adverse events reported. Quality of the evidence There was high certainty evidence for physician‐assessed disease severity for glycerol‐containing creams versus control and all moisturisers versus control. For most other outcomes across comparisons, there was low to moderate certainty evidence. The most important reasons for lowering the certainty of evidence were risk of bias in studies (e.g. no blinding, or missing data), or too few participants, which leads to less precise results.
 Antioxidants for male subfertility;  Abstract - Background The inability to have children affects 10% to 15% of couples worldwide. A male factor is estimated to account for up to half of the infertility cases with between 25% to 87% of male subfertility considered to be due to the effect of oxidative stress. Oral supplementation with antioxidants is thought to improve sperm quality by reducing oxidative damage. Antioxidants are widely available and inexpensive when compared to other fertility treatments, however most antioxidants are uncontrolled by regulation and the evidence for their effectiveness is uncertain. We compared the benefits and risks of different antioxidants used for male subfertility. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of supplementary oral antioxidants in subfertile men. Search methods The Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility (CGF) Group trials register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, AMED, and two trial registers were searched on 15 February 2021, together with reference checking and contact with experts in the field to identify additional trials. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared any type, dose or combination of oral antioxidant supplement with placebo, no treatment, or treatment with another antioxidant, among subfertile men of a couple attending a reproductive clinic. We excluded studies comparing antioxidants with fertility drugs alone and studies that included men with idiopathic infertility and normal semen parameters or fertile men attending a fertility clinic because of female partner infertility. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures recommended by Cochrane. The primary review outcome was live birth. Clinical pregnancy, adverse events and sperm parameters were secondary outcomes. Main results We included 90 studies with a total population of 10,303 subfertile men, aged between 18 and 65 years, part of a couple who had been referred to a fertility clinic and some of whom were undergoing medically assisted reproduction (MAR). Investigators compared and combined 20 different oral antioxidants. The evidence was of 'low' to 'very low' certainty: the main limitation was that out of the 67 included studies in the meta‐analysis only 20 studies reported clinical pregnancy, and of those 12 reported on live birth. The evidence is current up to February 2021. Live birth: antioxidants may lead to increased live birth rates (odds ratio (OR) 1.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07 to 1.91, P = 0.02, 12 RCTs, 1283 men, I 2  = 44%, very low‐certainty evidence). Results in the studies contributing to the analysis of live birth rate suggest that if the baseline chance of live birth following placebo or no treatment is assumed to be 16%, the chance following the use of antioxidants is estimated to be between 17% and 27%. However, this result was based on only 246 live births from 1283 couples in 12 small or medium‐sized studies. When studies at high risk of bias were removed from the analysis, there was no evidence of increased live birth (Peto OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.75, 827 men, 8 RCTs, P = 0.27, I 2  = 32%). Clinical pregnancy rate: antioxidants may lead to increased clinical pregnancy rates (OR 1.89, 95% CI 1.45 to 2.47, P < 0.00001, 20 RCTs, 1706 men, I 2  = 3%, low‐certainty evidence) compared with placebo or no treatment. This suggests that, in the studies contributing to the analysis of clinical pregnancy, if the baseline chance of clinical pregnancy following placebo or no treatment is assumed to be 15%, the chance following the use of antioxidants is estimated to be between 20% and 30%. This result was based on 327 clinical pregnancies from 1706 couples in 20 small studies. Adverse events Miscarriage: only six studies reported on this outcome and the event rate was very low. No evidence of a difference in miscarriage rate was found between the antioxidant and placebo or no treatment group (OR 1.46, 95% CI 0.75 to 2.83, P = 0.27, 6 RCTs, 664 men, I 2  = 35%, very low‐certainty evidence). The findings suggest that in a population of subfertile couples, with male factor infertility, with an expected miscarriage rate of 5%, the risk of miscarriage following the use of an antioxidant would be between 4% and 13%. Gastrointestinal: antioxidants may lead to an increase in mild gastrointestinal discomfort when compared with placebo or no treatment (OR 2.70, 95% CI 1.46 to 4.99, P = 0.002, 16 RCTs, 1355 men, I 2  = 40%, low‐certainty evidence). This suggests that if the chance of gastrointestinal discomfort following placebo or no treatment is assumed to be 2%, the chance following the use of antioxidants is estimated to be between 2% and 7%. However, this result was based on a low event rate of 46 out of 1355 men in 16 small or medium‐sized studies, and the certainty of the evidence was rated low and heterogeneity was high. We were unable to draw conclusions from the antioxidant versus antioxidant comparison as insufficient studies compared the same interventions. Authors' conclusions In this review, there is very low‐certainty evidence from 12 small or medium‐sized randomised controlled trials suggesting that antioxidant supplementation in subfertile males may improve live birth rates for couples attending fertility clinics. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that clinical pregnancy rates may increase. There is no evidence of increased risk of miscarriage, however antioxidants may give more mild gastrointestinal discomfort, based on very low‐certainty evidence. Subfertile couples should be advised that overall, the current evidence is inconclusive based on serious risk of bias due to poor reporting of methods of randomisation, failure to report on the clinical outcomes live birth rate and clinical pregnancy, often unclear or even high attrition, and also imprecision due to often low event rates and small overall sample sizes. Further large well‐designed randomised placebo‐controlled trials studying infertile men and reporting on pregnancy and live births are still required to clarify the exact role of antioxidants. Plain language summary Antioxidants for male subfertility Review question  Do supplementary oral antioxidants compared with placebo, no treatment or another antioxidant improve fertility outcomes for subfertile men? Background  A couple may be considered to have fertility problems if they have been trying to conceive for over a year with no success. Many subfertile men undergoing fertility treatment also take dietary supplements in the hope of improving their fertility. Fertility treatment can be a very stressful time for men and their partners. It is important that these couples have access to high‐certainty evidence that will allow them to make informed decisions on whether to take a supplemental antioxidant. This is especially important as most antioxidant supplements are uncontrolled by regulation. This review aimed to assess whether supplements with oral antioxidants, taken by subfertile men, would increase the chances of a couple to achieve a (clinical) pregnancy confirmed by ultrasound and ultimately the birth of a baby (live birth). This review did not examine the use of antioxidants in men with normal sperm. Study characteristics Cochrane authors conducted a review including 90 randomised controlled trials comparing 18 different antioxidants with placebo, no treatment or another antioxidant in a total population of 10,303 subfertile men. The age range of the participants was 18 to 65 years; they were part of a couple who had been referred to a fertility clinic and some were undergoing fertility treatment. The evidence is current to February 2021. Main results  Antioxidants may be associated with an increased live birth and clinical pregnancy rate. Based on the studied population for live birth, we would expect that out of 100 subfertile men not taking antioxidants, 16 couples would have a baby. In subfertile men taking antioxidants, between 17 and 27 per 100 couples would have a baby. If studies with high risk of bias were removed from the analysis, there was no evidence of increased live birth in the population taking antioxidants. In the people who were studied for clinical pregnancy, we would expect that out of 100 subfertile men not taking antioxidants, 15 couples would have a clinical pregnancy. In subfertile men taking antioxidants, between 20 and 30 per 100 couples would have a clinical pregnancy. Adverse events were poorly reported. Only six studies reported miscarriage. In these studies, miscarriage did not occur more often in the group using antioxidants when compared with the group with placebo or no treatment. However, there is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about antioxidant use and the risk of miscarriage. The use of antioxidants may be associated with more mild stomach discomfort, with a frequency of 2% in subfertile men not taking antioxidants, and between 2% and 7% in men taking antioxidants. The oral supplements may cause discomforts such as nausea or stomach ache. Authors' conclusion and certainty of the evidence   Antioxidant supplementation taken by subfertile males of a couple attending a fertility clinic may increase the chance of a live birth, however the overall certainty of evidence was very low from only 12 small to medium‐sized randomised controlled trials. Low‐certainty evidence suggests that clinical pregnancy rates may increase. Overall, there is no evidence of increased risk of miscarriage. Evidence of low certainty suggests that antioxidants may be associated with more gastrointestinal discomfort. Subfertile couples should be advised that overall the current evidence is inconclusive due to the poor reporting of methods, failure to report on live birth and clinical pregnancy rate, imprecision due to low event rates, high number of dropouts and small study group sizes. Large well‐designed randomised placebo‐controlled trials studying infertile men and reporting on pregnancy and live births are still required to clarify the exact role of antioxidants.
 L‐carnitine for cognitive enhancement in people without cognitive impairment;  Abstract - Background Safe interventions to enhance cognitive function in cognitively healthy people would be very valuable for several reasons ,  including a better quality of life and professional success. While L‐carnitine has been reported to enhance cognitive function in some conditions, its efficacy is disputed. The evidence of its efficacy for cognitively healthy people has not previously been systematically reviewed. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of L‐carnitine for the enhancement of cognitive function in people without cognitive impairment. Search methods We searched ALOIS, the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group's Specialized Register, on 4 November 2016. We used the search terms 'L‐carnitine' or 'acetyl‐L‐carnitine' or 'propionyl‐L‐carnitine' or 'ALC' or 'PLC' or 'ALCAR' or 'ALPAR' .  We ran additional separate searches in several other sources to ensure that we retrieved the most up‐to‐date results. We also reviewed the bibliographies of the randomised controlled trials identified and contacted the authors and known experts in the field and pharmaceutical companies to identify additional published or unpublished data. Selection criteria Eligible trials were randomised controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi‐RCTs, parallel‐group or cross‐over, that compared L‐carnitine or its derivatives, acetyl‐L‐carnitine or propionyl‐L‐carnitine, at any dose and for any length of treatment, with placebo or no treatment in cognitively healthy people of any age and either gender. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Two review authors independently selected trials and evaluated the methodological quality, then extracted and analysed data from the included trials. Main results Only two RCTs were eligible. One was a cross‐over trial with 18 participants. The other randomised 400 participants to one of four treatments, of which two (L‐carnitine and placebo) were relevant to this review, but the exact numbers of participants in these two treatment groups was not reported. All participants were young adults. Methodological details were poorly reported, and we considered the risk of bias in both studies to be unclear. The trials assessed different cognitive outcomes. We could extract cognitive data on approximately 200 participants from one trial. We found no evidence that L‐carnitine has any effect on reaction time, vigilance, immediate memory, or delayed recall after three days of treatment. This trial report stated that there was a small number of adverse effects, none of which were serious. The small cross‐over trial also reported no effect of L‐carnitine on cognition, but did not provide data; no information was provided on adverse effects. We considered the available evidence to be of very low quality for all reported outcomes. Authors' conclusions Due to the limited number of included trials, short‐term treatment, and inadequate reporting, we were unable to draw any conclusions about the efficacy or safety of L‐carnitine for cognitive enhancement in healthy adults. Well‐designed, randomised, placebo‐controlled trials of L‐carnitine for cognition enhancement in cognitively healthy people, with large samples and relatively long‐term follow‐up, are still needed. Plain language summary L‐carnitine for cognitive enhancement in people without cognitive impairment Background Cognition (or cognitive function) is a term used to describe thinking skills, including attention, memory, and reasoning. Supplements and drugs are sometimes used by healthy people to try to improve cognitive function and perform better at work or while studying. These supplements and drugs are known as cognitive enhancers. L‐carnitine, which is found naturally in the diet, especially in meat, but can also be produced in the body, has been suggested as a possible cognitive enhancer. It is sold on its own as a dietary supplement and is found in some mixed supplements or 'energy drinks'. In this review, we searched for clinical trials in which healthy people taking L‐carnitine were compared with similar people taking a dummy pill (placebo). We hoped to learn whether or not L‐carnitine improves cognitive function and whether it is associated with side effects. Results We found only two trials to include in the review. One trial treated approximately 200 participants with L‐carnitine or placebo for three days; the other trial treated only 18 participants with only a single dose of L‐carnitine. Both trials included healthy young people with an average age of about 21. The trials measured different aspects of cognition using different tests. The smaller trial was only reported as an abstract, and there was no usable data, although the authors said that they found no evidence of an effect of L‐carnitine on cognitive function. Important information was missing from the paper describing the other trial, but we found no evidence that L‐carnitine had any effect on any of the aspects of cognition that were measured. Only the report of the larger trial mentioned adverse effects of treatment, which were all described as minor and occurring equally among those receiving L‐carnitine and those receiving placebo. Quality of the evidence It was difficult to properly assess the quality of the included trials because of poor reporting. We considered there to be a serious risk of bias due to poor study methods, and further uncertainty about the results because the studies were so small. We also considered the studies to be too short to adequately address our research question. Due to these factors, we considered the quality of the evidence to be very low. Conclusions Given the limited amount of evidence of very low quality, we were not able to draw any conclusions about the effect of L‐carnitine on cognitive function or its safety in healthy people. Larger, better‐quality studies conducted over a longer period of time are needed to answer our review question.
 Continuous versus bolus intermittent intragastric tube feeding for preterm and low birth weight infants with gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease;  Abstract - Background Gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease is a particularly common condition among preterm and low birth weight infants. These infants are more likely to have excessive regurgitation, as they do not have a fully developed antireflux mechanism. Preterm and low birth weight infants who are unable to suck oral feeds are required to be fed via an intragastric tube for varying lengths of time. Intragastric tube feeding can be delivered by the intermittent bolus method or by the continuous feeding method. Use of continuous or intermittent bolus intragastric feeding may have a positive or negative effect on the incidence or severity of gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease. Objectives • To determine whether continuous or intermittent bolus intragastric tube feeding reduces the number of episodes and the duration of gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease (GORD) in preterm and low birth weight infants • To perform subgroup analyses for gestational age; birth weight; age in days from birth at full enteral feeding via intragastric tube (breast versus bottle); frequency of intermittent bolus feed; and type of medication for treatment of GORD (only if medication was prescribed and was given similarly to both intervention groups) Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2020, Issue 7), in the Cochrane Library; Ovid MEDLINE(R) and Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions(R); and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), on 8 July 2020. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria Published and unpublished RCTs and quasi‐RCTs were eligible for inclusion in this review, as were cluster‐randomised and cross‐over randomised trials that compared the effects of continuous versus intermittent bolus intragastric tube feeding on gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease in preterm and low birth weight infants. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility and quality. We planned to use the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We found no trials that met the inclusion criteria for this review. Authors' conclusions We did not identify any randomised trials that evaluated the effects of continuous versus intermittent bolus intragastric tube feeding on gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease in preterm and low birth weight infants. Well‐designed and adequately powered trials are needed. Plain language summary Continuous versus intermittent bolus feeding for gastro‐oesophageal reflux disease Review question Does continuous or intermittent bolus intragastric tube feeding reduce reflux of milk into the oesophagus? Background Preterm and low birth weight infants are often unable to be fed orally because they cannot suck and swallow effectively. They may need to be fed via a tube placed into the stomach (intragastric). Tube feeding can be given by the intermittent bolus method, whereby milk is given over a short time (15 to 30 minutes), or by the continuous feeding method, by which milk is given over several hours. It is unclear which method is better for reducing reflux of milk into the oesophagus. Study characteristics The search is up‐to‐date as of July 2020. We identified no studies. Key results We did not identify any studies that could be included in this review. Studies are needed to evaluate which method of intragastric feeding is more effective for reducing gastro‐oesophageal reflux in preterm and low birth weight infants Certainty of evidence We found no randomised controlled trials and therefore recommend that well‐designed randomised trials be conducted to conclusively prove which method is more appropriate.
 Alginate dressings for treating pressure ulcers;  Abstract - Background Pressure ulcers, also known as bedsores, decubitus ulcers and pressure injuries, are localised areas of injury to the skin or the underlying tissue, or both. Dressings are widely used to treat pressure ulcers and there are many options to choose from including alginate dressings. A clear and current overview of current evidence is required to facilitate decision‐making regarding dressing use for the treatment of pressure ulcers. This review is part of a suite of Cochrane reviews investigating the use of dressings in the treatment of pressure ulcers. Each review will focus on a particular dressing type. Objectives To assess the effects of alginate dressings for treating pressure ulcers in any care setting. Search methods For this review, in April 2015 we searched the following databases the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register; The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library ); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations); Ovid EMBASE; and EBSCO CINAHL. There were no restrictions based on language or date of publication. Selection criteria Published or unpublished randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the effects of alginate with alternative wound dressings or no dressing in the treatment of pressure ulcers (stage II or above). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, risk of bias assessment and data extraction. Main results We included six studies (336 participants) in this review; all studies had two arms. The included studies compared alginate dressings with six other interventions that included: hydrocolloid dressings, silver containing alginate dressings, and radiant heat therapy. Each of the six comparisons included just one study and these had limited participant numbers and short follow‐up times. All the evidence was of low or very low quality. Where data were available there was no evidence of a difference between alginate dressings and alternative treatments in terms of complete wound healing or adverse events. Authors' conclusions The relative effects of alginate dressings compared with alternative treatments are unclear. The existing trials are small, of short duration and at risk of bias. Decision makers may wish to consider aspects such as cost of dressings and the wound management properties offered by each dressing type, for example, exudate management. Plain language summary Alginate dressings for treating pressure ulcers What are pressure ulcers, and who is at risk? Pressure ulcers, also known as bedsores, decubitus ulcers and pressure injuries, are wounds involving the skin and sometimes the tissue that lies underneath. Pressure ulcers can be painful, may become infected, and so affect people's quality of life. People at risk of developing pressure ulcers include those with spinal cord injuries, and those who are immobile or who have limited mobility ‐ such as elderly people and people who are ill as a result of short‐term or long‐term medical conditions. In 2004 the total annual cost of treating pressure ulcers in the UK was estimated as being GBP 1.4 to 2.1 billion, which was equivalent to 4% of the total National Health Service expenditure. People with pressure ulcers have longer stays in hospital, and this increases hospital costs. Figures from the USA for 2006 suggest that half a million hospital stays had 'pressure ulcer' noted as a diagnosis; the total hospital costs of these stays was USD 11 billion. Why use alginate dressings to treat pressure ulcers? Dressings are one treatment option for pressure ulcers. There are many types of dressings that can be used; these can vary considerably in cost. Alginate dressings are a type that is highly absorbant and so can absorb the fluid (exudate) that is produced by some ulcers. What we found In June 2014 we searched for as many relevant studies as we could find that had a robust design (randomised controlled trials) and compared alginate dressings with other treatments for pressure ulcers. We found 6 studies involving a total of 336 participants. Alginates have been compared with hydrocolloid dressings, another type of alginate dressing, dextranomer paste dressing, silver‐alginate dressing, silver‐zinc sulfadiazine cream and treatment with a radiant heat system in these studies. There was no evidence from these studies to suggest that alginate wound dressings are more effective at healing pressure ulcers than other types of dressings or skin surface (topical) treatments, or other interventions. Generally, the studies we found did not have many participants and the results were often inconclusive. Some study reports did not provide information about how they were conducted and it was difficult to tell whether the results presented were likely to be true. More research of better quality is needed to find out if alginate dressings are better at healing pressure ulcers than other types of dressings or other treatments. This review is part of a suite of reviews investigating dressings for the treatment of pressure ulcers This plain language summary is up‐to‐date as of June 2014.
 Vitamin D supplementation for term breastfed infants to prevent vitamin D deficiency and improve bone health;  Abstract - Background Vitamin D deficiency is common worldwide, contributing to nutritional rickets and osteomalacia which have a major impact on health, growth, and development of infants, children and adolescents. Vitamin D levels are low in breast milk and exclusively breastfed infants are at risk of vitamin D insufficiency or deficiency. Objectives To determine the effect of vitamin D supplementation given to infants, or lactating mothers, on vitamin D deficiency, bone density and growth in healthy term breastfed infants. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to 29 May 2020 supplemented by searches of clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and citations. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs in breastfeeding mother‐infant pairs comparing vitamin D supplementation given to infants or lactating mothers compared to placebo or no intervention, or sunlight, or that compare vitamin D supplementation of infants to supplementation of mothers. Data collection and analysis Two review authors assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias and independently extracted data. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We included 19 studies with 2837 mother‐infant pairs assessing vitamin D given to infants (nine studies), to lactating mothers (eight studies), and to infants versus lactating mothers (six studies). No studies compared vitamin D given to infants versus periods of infant sun exposure. Vitamin D supplementation given to infants : vitamin D at 400 IU/day may increase 25‐OH vitamin D levels (MD 22.63 nmol/L, 95% CI 17.05 to 28.21; participants = 334; studies = 6; low‐certainty) and may reduce the incidence of vitamin D insufficiency (25‐OH vitamin D < 50 nmol/L) (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.80; participants = 274; studies = 4; low‐certainty). However, there was insufficient evidence to determine if vitamin D given to the infant reduces the risk of vitamin D deficiency (25‐OH vitamin D < 30 nmol/L) up till six months of age (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.16 to 1.05; participants = 122; studies = 2), affects bone mineral content (BMC), or the incidence of biochemical or radiological rickets (all very‐low certainty). We are uncertain about adverse effects including hypercalcaemia. There were no studies of higher doses of infant vitamin D (> 400 IU/day) compared to placebo. Vitamin D supplementation given to lactating mothers : vitamin D supplementation given to lactating mothers may increase infant 25‐OH vitamin D levels (MD 24.60 nmol/L, 95% CI 21.59 to 27.60; participants = 597; studies = 7; low‐certainty), may reduce the incidences of vitamin D insufficiency (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.57; participants = 512; studies = 5; low‐certainty), vitamin D deficiency (RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.24; participants = 512; studies = 5; low‐certainty) and biochemical rickets (RR 0.06, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.44; participants = 229; studies = 2; low‐certainty). The two studies that reported biochemical rickets used maternal dosages of oral D3 60,000 IU/day for 10 days and oral D3 60,000 IU postpartum and at 6, 10, and 14 weeks. However, infant BMC was not reported and there was insufficient evidence to determine if maternal supplementation has an effect on radiological rickets (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.18 to 3.31; participants = 536; studies = 3; very low‐certainty). All studies of maternal supplementation enrolled populations at high risk of vitamin D deficiency. We are uncertain of the effects of maternal supplementation on infant growth and adverse effects including hypercalcaemia. Vitamin D supplementation given to infants compared with supplementation given to lactating mothers : infant vitamin D supplementation compared to lactating mother supplementation may increase infant 25‐OH vitamin D levels (MD 14.35 nmol/L, 95% CI 9.64 to 19.06; participants = 269; studies = 4; low‐certainty). Infant vitamin D supplementation may reduce the incidence of vitamin D insufficiency (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40 to 0.94; participants = 334; studies = 4) and may reduce vitamin D deficiency (RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.72; participants = 334; studies = 4) but the evidence is very uncertain. Infant BMC and radiological rickets were not reported and there was insufficient evidence to determine if maternal supplementation has an effect on infant biochemical rickets. All studies enrolled patient populations at high risk of vitamin D deficiency. Studies compared an infant dose of vitamin D 400 IU/day with varying maternal vitamin D doses from 400 IU/day to > 4000 IU/day. We are uncertain about adverse effects including hypercalcaemia. Authors' conclusions For breastfed infants, vitamin D supplementation 400 IU/day for up to six months increases 25‐OH vitamin D levels and reduces vitamin D insufficiency, but there was insufficient evidence to assess its effect on vitamin D deficiency and bone health. For higher‐risk infants who are breastfeeding, maternal vitamin D supplementation reduces vitamin D insufficiency and vitamin D deficiency, but there was insufficient evidence to determine an effect on bone health. In populations at higher risk of vitamin D deficiency, vitamin D supplementation of infants led to greater increases in infant 25‐OH vitamin D levels, reductions in vitamin D insufficiency and vitamin D deficiency compared to supplementation of lactating mothers. However, the evidence is very uncertain for markers of bone health. Maternal higher dose supplementation (≥ 4000 IU/day) produced similar infant 25‐OH vitamin D levels as infant supplementation of 400 IU/day. The certainty of evidence was graded as low to very low for all outcomes. Plain language summary Vitamin D supplementation for term breastfed infants to prevent vitamin D deficiency and improve bone health Review question:  do vitamin D supplements for breastfed infants or their mothers prevent vitamin D deficiency and improve bone health? Background:  vitamin D deficiency is common worldwide with infants at higher risk due to pigmentation, covering, avoidance of sun exposure or the latitude of where they live. Vitamin D is important for bone health, helping prevent nutritional rickets and fractures. Vitamin D levels are low in breast milk and exclusively breastfed infants are at risk of low vitamin D levels. Study characteristics:  evidence is up‐to‐date as of May 2020. We identified 19 studies with 2837 mother‐infant pairs assessing vitamin D given to infants (nine studies), to breastfeeding mothers (eight studies), and to infants versus breastfeeding mothers (six studies). No studies compared vitamin D given to infants versus periods of infant sun exposure. Key results:  for breastfed infants, vitamin D supplements may increase vitamin D levels and reduce the incidence of mildly low vitamin D levels, but there was insufficient information to determine if there was a reduction in vitamin D deficiency or in signs of poor bone health (low bone mineral content, nutritional rickets or fractures). For breastfed infants at higher risk of vitamin D deficiency, vitamin D supplementation for the mother may increase infant vitamin D levels and may prevent vitamin D deficiency. There was not enough information to determine if there are benefits for bone health. In populations at higher risk of vitamin D deficiency, vitamin D supplementation of infants may be better than vitamin D supplementation of the mother whilst breastfeeding for preventing vitamin D deficiency. However, the evidence is very uncertain for markers of bone health. High‐dose maternal supplementation (≥ 4000 IU per day) achieved similar infant vitamin D levels as infant supplementation with 400 IU per day. Certainty of evidence:  the evidence is currently very uncertain for supplementation of vitamin D for breastfeeding mothers or supplementation of their infants in populations at low risk of vitamin D deficiency. In populations at high risk of vitamin D deficiency, there is low‐certainty evidence that vitamin D 400 IU per day given to the infant or higher doses given to the breastfeeding mother may prevent vitamin D deficiency, although effects on bone health are unclear.
 Interventions for alopecia areata;  Abstract - Background Alopecia areata is a disorder in which there is loss of hair causing patches of baldness but with no scarring of the affected area. It can affect the entire scalp (alopecia totalis) or cause loss of all body hair (alopecia universalis). It is a relatively common condition affecting 0.15% of the population. Although in many cases it can be a self‐limiting condition, nevertheless hair loss can often have a severe social and emotional impact. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions used in the management of alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register in February 2006, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Clinical Trials ( The Cochrane Library  Issue 1, 2006), MEDLINE (from 2003 to February 2006), EMBASE (from 2005 to February 2006), PsycINFO (from 1806 to February 2006), AMED (Allied and Complementary Medicine, from 1985 to February 2006), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Science Information database, from 1982 to February 2006), and reference lists of articles. We also searched online trials registries for ongoing trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effectiveness of both topical and systemic interventions for alopecia areata, alopecia totalis, and alopecia universalis. Data collection and analysis Two authors assessed trial quality and extracted the data. We contacted trial authors for more information. We collected adverse effects information from the included trials. Main results Seventeen trials were included with a total of 540 participants. Each trial included from 6 to 85 participants and they assessed a range of interventions that included topical and oral corticosteroids, topical ciclosporin, photodynamic therapy and topical minoxidil. Overall, none of the interventions showed significant treatment benefit in terms of hair growth when compared with placebo. We did not find any studies where the participants self‐assessed their hair growth or quality of life. Authors' conclusions Few treatments for alopecia areata have been well evaluated in randomised trials. We found no RCTs on the use of diphencyprone, dinitrochlorobenzene, intralesional corticosteroids or dithranol although they are commonly used for the treatment of alopecia areata. Similarly although topical steroids and minoxidil are widely prescribed and appear to be safe, there is no convincing evidence that they are beneficial in the long‐term. Most trials have been reported poorly and are so small that any important clinical benefits are inconclusive. There is a desperate need for large well conducted studies that evaluate long‐term effects of therapies on quality of life. Considering the possibility of spontaneous remission especially for those in the early stages of the disease, the options of not being treated therapeutically or, depending on individual preference wearing a wig may be alternative ways of dealing with this condition. Plain language summary Treatments for alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis There is no good trial evidence that any treatments provide long‐term benefit to patients with alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis. Alopecia areata is a condition that causes patchy hair loss. The size and number of patches and progress of the disease can vary between people. It can affect the entire scalp (alopecia totalis) or cause loss of all body hair (alopecia universalis). Sometimes the condition will get better on its own, but in some cases it can get worse. Treatments include a variety of different creams or lotions applied to the scalp such as topical or oral corticosteroids, minoxidil and some light‐based therapies. Some of the skin treatments can have unpleasant side effects such as itching or hair growth in areas of the body away from where the cream was applied. Oral steroids may cause serious side effects. Also, there is no guarantee that any hair regrown during treatment will persist once the treatment is finished. We found 17 randomised controlled trials involving 540 participants. Only one study which compared two topical corticosteroids showed significant short‐term benefits. No studies showed long‐term beneficial hair growth. None of the included studies asked participants to report their opinion of hair growth or whether their quality of life had improved with the treatment.
 Non‐pharmacological interventions for the prevention of pain during endotracheal suctioning in ventilated neonates;  Abstract - Background Pain, when treated inadequately, puts preterm infants at a greater risk of developing clinical and behavioural sequelae because of their immature pain system. Preterm infants in need of intensive care are repeatedly and persistently exposed to noxious stimuli, and this happens during a critical window of their brain development with peak rates of brain growth, exuberant synaptogenesis and the developmental regulation of specific receptor populations. Nearly two‐thirds of infants born at less than 29 weeks' gestation require mechanical ventilation for some duration during the newborn period. These neonates are endotracheally intubated and require repeated endotracheal suctioning. Endotracheal suctioning is identified as one of the most frequent and most painful procedures in premature infants, causing moderate to severe pain. Even with improved nursing performance and standard procedures based on neonatal needs, endotracheal suctioning remains associated with mild pain. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of non‐pharmacological interventions for the prevention of pain during endotracheal suctioning in mechanically ventilated neonates. Non‐pharmacological interventions were compared to no intervention, standard care or another non‐pharmacological intervention. Search methods We conducted searches in June 2023 in the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE via PubMed, Embase, CINAHL and three trial registries. We searched the reference lists of related systematic reviews, and of studies selected for inclusion. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), quasi‐RCTs and cluster‐RCTs that included term and preterm neonates who were mechanically ventilated via endotracheal tube or via tracheostomy tube and required endotracheal suctioning performed by doctors, nurses, physiotherapists or other healthcare professionals. Data collection and analysis Our main outcome measures were validated composite pain scores (including a combination of behavioural, physiological and contextual indicators). Secondary outcomes included separate physiological and behavioural pain indicators. We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. For continuous outcome measures, we used a fixed‐effect model and reported mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). For categorical outcomes, we reported the typical risk ratio (RR) and risk difference (RD) and 95% CIs. We assessed risk of bias using the Cochrane RoB 1 tool, and assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE. Main results We included eight RCTs (nine reports), which enroled 386 infants, in our review. Five of the eight studies were included in a meta‐analysis. All studies enrolled preterm neonates. Facilitated tucking versus standard care (four studies) Facilitated tucking probably reduces Premature Infant Pain Profile (PIPP) score during endotracheal suctioning (MD −2.76, 95% CI 3.57 to 1.96; I² = 82%; 4 studies, 148 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Facilitated tucking probably has little or no effect during endotracheal suctioning on: heart rate (MD −3.06 beats per minute (bpm), 95% CI −9.33 to 3.21; I² = 0%; 2 studies, 80 infants; low‐certainty evidence); oxygen saturation (MD 0.87, 95% CI −1.33 to 3.08; I² = 0%; 2 studies, 80 infants; low‐certainty evidence); or stress and defensive behaviours (SDB) (MD −1.20, 95% CI −3.47 to 1.07; 1 study, 20 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Facilitated tucking may result in a slight increase in self‐regulatory behaviours (SRB) during endotracheal suctioning (MD 0.90, 95% CI 0.20 to 1.60; 1 study, 20 infants; low‐certainty evidence). No studies reported intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH). Familiar odour versus standard care (one study) Familiar odour during endotracheal suctioning probably has little or no effect on: PIPP score (MD −0.30, 95% CI −2.15 to 1.55; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence); heart rate (MD −6.30 bpm, 95% CI −16.04 to 3.44; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence); or oxygen saturation during endotracheal suctioning (MD −0.80, 95% CI −4.82 to 3.22; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence). No studies reported SRB, SDB or IVH. White noise (one study) White noise during endotracheal suctioning probably has little or no effect on PIPP (MD −0.65, 95% CI −2.51 to 1.21; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence); heart rate (MD −1.85 bpm, 95% CI −11.46 to 7.76; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence); or oxygen saturation (MD 2.25, 95% CI −2.03 to 6.53; 1 study, 40 infants; low‐certainty evidence). No studies reported SRB, SDB or IVH. Authors' conclusions Facilitated tucking / four‐handed care / gentle human touch probably reduces PIPP score. The evidence of a single study suggests that facilitated tucking / four‐handed care / gentle human touch slightly increases self‐regulatory and approach behaviours during endotracheal suctioning. Based on a single study, familiar odour and white noise have little or no effect on any of the outcomes compared to no intervention. The use of expressed breast milk or oral sucrose suggests that there is no discernible advantage of one method over the other for reducing pain during endotracheal suctioning. None of the studies reported on any of the prespecified secondary outcomes of adverse events. Plain language summary Medicine‐free management of neonates' pain during endotracheal suctioning Key messages — Gently holding the infant in a flexed posture (facilitated tucking, which is the gentle positioning of an infant's arms and legs in a bent, midline position close to the infant's body while the infant is lying on their side, lying on their back with their face upwards (supine), or lying on their tummy with their head to one side (prone)) is probably effective in reducing pain during endotracheal suctioning in ventilated newborn infants What is endotracheal suctioning? An endotracheal tube is a flexible plastic tube placed in the windpipe (trachea), through either the nose or mouth, to maintain an open airway in mechanically ventilated newborn infants (a mechanical ventilator is a machine to help the baby breathe). The tip of the endotracheal tube is suctioned to keep it clean, open and free of secretions, enabling the infant to breathe oxygen. Endotracheal suctioning is a standard nursing procedure. It is painful and uncomfortable for the infant. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out how to reduce infants' pain during endotracheal suctioning without using medicines. What did we do? We searched medical databases for clinical studies looking at ways to reduce infants' pain during endotracheal suctioning. What did we find? We found eight studies of 386 infants. We assessed six different ways of reducing infants' pain during endotracheal suctioning without using medicines, such as: – gently holding the infant in a facilitated tucking position; – familiar odour (breast milk smell); – use of a sugar solution (sucrose); – use of expressed breast milk; – white noise; – swaddling. Main results In ventilated newborn infants Facilitated tucking probably reduces pain during endotracheal suctioning. Familiar odour and white noise have little or no effect during endotracheal suctioning. The use of expressed breast milk or oral sucrose suggests that there is no real advantage of one method over the other for reducing pain during endotracheal suctioning. What are the limitations of the evidence? There were not enough studies to be certain about the results in the review, and the staff were aware of which method was used to reduce pain. More studies are needed to support these results. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to 21 June 2023.
 Inositol in preterm infants at risk for or having respiratory distress syndrome;  Abstract - Background Inositol is an essential nutrient required by human cells in culture for growth and survival. Inositol promotes maturation of several components of surfactant and may play a critical role in fetal and early neonatal life. A drop in inositol levels in infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) can be a sign that their illness will be severe. Objectives To assess the effectiveness and safety of supplementary inositol in preterm infants with or without respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in reducing adverse neonatal outcomes including: death (neonatal and infant deaths), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH), periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and sepsis. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 11), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 5 November 2018), Embase (1980 to 5 November 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 5 November 2018). We searched clinical trial databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCT) and quasi‐randomised trials . Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials of inositol supplementation of preterm infants compared with a control group that received a placebo or no intervention. Outcomes included neonatal death, infant death, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and sepsis. Data collection and analysis The three review authors independently abstracted data on neonatal outcomes and resolved any disagreements through discussion and consensus. Outcomes were reported as typical risk ratio (RR), risk difference (RD) and number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) or number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH). We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results Six published randomised controlled trials were identified, with a total of 1177 infants. Study quality varied for the comparison 'Inositol supplementation to preterm infants (repeat doses in any amount and any duration of treatment) versus control' and interim analyses had occurred in several trials for the outcomes of interest. In this comparison, neonatal death was found to be significantly reduced (typical RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.91; typical RD −0.09, 95% CI −0.16 to −0.01; NNTB 11, 95% CI 6 to 100; 3 trials, 355 neonates). Infant deaths were not reduced (typical RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.13; typical RD −0.02, 95% CI −0.07 to 0.02; 5 trials, 1115 infants) (low‐quality evidence). ROP stage 2 or higher or stage 3 or higher was not significantly reduced (typical RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.06; typical RD −0.04, 95% CI −0.10 to 0.02; 3 trials, 810 infants) (moderate‐quality evidence). There were no significant findings for ROP (any stage), NEC (suspected or proven), sepsis, IVH grade greater than II (moderate‐quality evidence). For the comparison 'Inositol supplementation IV initially followed by enteral administration (repeat doses of 80 mg/kg/day) in preterm infants born at less than 30 weeks' postmenstrual age (PMA) compared to placebo for preterm infants at risk for or having respiratory distress syndrome' the results from two studies of high quality were included (N = 760 neonates). Recruitment to the larger study (N = 638) was terminated because of a higher rate of deaths in the inositol group. We did not downgrade the quality of the study. The meta‐analyses of the outcomes of 'Type 1 ROP or death before determination of ROP outcome using the adjudicated ROP outcome', 'Type 1 ROP including adjudicated ROP outcome', 'All‐cause mortality (outcome collected through first event: death, hospital discharge, hospital transfer, or 120 days after birth)' and 'Severe IVH (grade 3 or 4)' did not show significant findings (moderate‐quality evidence). There were no significant findings for the outcomes 'BPD or death by it prior to 37 weeks' postmenstrual age (outcomes collected through first event: death, hospital discharge, hospital transfer, or 120 days after birth)', 'Late onset sepsis (> 72 hours of age)', and 'Suspected or proven NEC' (high‐quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Based on the evidence from randomised controlled trials to date, inositol supplementation does not result in important reductions in the rates of infant deaths, ROP stage 3 or higher, type 1 ROP, IVH grades 3 or 4, BPD, NEC, or sepsis. These conclusions are based mainly on two recent randomised controlled trials in neonates less than 30 weeks' postmenstrual age (N = 760), the most vulnerable population. Currently inositol supplementation should not be routinely instituted as part of the nutritional management of preterm infants with or without RDS. It is important that infants who have been enrolled in the trials included in this review are followed to assess any effects of inositol supplementation on long‐term outcomes in childhood. We do not recommend any additional trials in neonates. Plain language summary Inositol in preterm infants at risk for or having respiratory distress syndrome Review question   Does the administration of supplementary inositol reduce adverse outcomes in preterm infants with or without respiratory distress syndrome (RDS)? Background   Inositol is an essential nutrient for cells, with high concentrations in breast milk (particularly in the breast milk of mothers whose babies have been born early). A drop in inositol levels in babies with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) can be a sign that their illness will be severe. Inositol is thought to be an important nutrient in development before and after birth. Search date   The relevant searches were conducted on 5 November 2018. Study characteristics   Six published randomised controlled trials met our inclusion criteria, with a total of 1177 infants enrolled. This update includes the results from two high‐quality studies conducted in 760 infants of less than 30 weeks' postmenstrual age (PMA). Key results   In our previous update of our review, in 2015, we found that the initial evidence regarding inositol supplementation in preterm babies with RDS was promising. Inositol supplementation lowered rates of death and bleeding in the brain, with an important reduction in eye problems as well. Inositol did not have serious adverse effects. We suggested that further research was warranted to confirm these preliminary findings. Such research has now been published from two high‐quality studies that included 760 infants of less than 30 weeks' PMA, the most vulnerable population. All results indicate that there are no reductions in adverse outcomes associated with inositol supplementation, including infant death, eye problems, bleeding in the brain, infections, chronic lung problems and gastrointestinal problems. Thus inositol supplementation in preterm infants is not recommended. Infants enrolled in these studies should be followed into childhood for assessment of any neuro‐developmental problems. Quality of evidence   According to GRADE (a method to score the quality of the trials supporting each outcome), the quality of the evidence varied but was moderate to high for the important outcomes in the analyses for repeated high doses of inositol in infants born at less than 30 weeks' postmenstrual age.
 Anti‐TNF agents for paediatric psoriasis;  Abstract - Background Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease that may develop at any age. Estimates for the United States and Europe suggest that psoriasis accounts for 4% of skin diseases in children. In most cases, the condition is mild and can be treated with creams. However, a small percentage of children have moderate to severe disease that requires drugs, such as ciclosporin or methotrexate, and some will require injections with newer biological agents, such as anti‐TNF (tumour necrosis factor) drugs. Anti‐TNF drugs (among them etanercept, infliximab, and adalimumab) are designed to reduce inflammation in the body caused by tumour necrosis factor. Evidence for the safety and efficacy of these biological agents in paediatric psoriasis is lacking. Objectives To assess the efficacy and safety of anti‐TNF agents for the treatment of paediatric psoriasis. Search methods We searched the following databases up to July 2015: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2015, Issue 6), MEDLINE (from 1946), Embase (from 1974), and LILACS (from 1982). We also searched 13 trials registers and checked the reference lists of included studies and key review articles for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We handsearched conference proceedings and attempted to contact trial authors and relevant pharmaceutical manufacturers. We searched the US Food and Drug Administration's and European Medicines Agency's adverse effects databases. Selection criteria All relevant RCTs that evaluated the efficacy and safety of anti‐TNF agents for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis in individuals less than 18 years of age. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently checked titles and abstracts and performed data extraction and 'Risk of bias' assessment of the included studies. One review author entered data into Review Manager (RevMan), and a second review author checked the data. We also attempted to obtain unclear data from the trial authors where possible. Our primary outcomes were investigator‐assessed number of participants achieving a 75% improvement in Psoriasis Area and Severity Index‐75 (PASI 75) compared to baseline, improvement in quality of life using an instrument such as Children's Dermatology Life Quality Index (CDLQI), and adverse effects. Our secondary outcomes included the proportion of participants achieving PASI 50 and the Physician's Global Assessment (PGA). Main results We included one study with 211 participants (median age 13 years), in which etanercept (dosage ranged from 0.8 to 50 mg per kilogram of body weight) was compared to placebo. Follow‐up was over a 48‐week period. At week 12, 57% versus 11% who received etanercept or placebo, respectively, achieved the PASI 75 (risk ratio 4.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.83 to 8.65; high‐quality evidence). Absolute risk reduction and the number needed to treat to obtain a benefit with etanercept was 45% (95% CI 33.95 to 56.40) and 2 (95% CI 1.77 to 2.95), respectively. The percentage improvement from baseline of the CDLQI scores at week 12 was better in the etanercept group than the placebo group (52.3% versus 17.5%, respectively (P = 0.0001)). Analysis between the groups showed an effect size that was clinically important (mean difference 2.30, 95% CI 0.85 to 3.75; high‐quality evidence). However, means, medians, and minimal important difference results and results of the Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory, Stein Impact on Family Scale, and Harter Self‐Perception Profile for Children scores must be interpreted with caution, as they were not prespecified outcomes. Three serious adverse events were reported, but they were resolved without sequelae. Deaths or other events such as malignant tumours, opportunistic infections, tuberculosis, or demyelination were not reported in the included study. Also, 13% of participants in the placebo group and 53% in the etanercept group had a PGA of clear or almost clear (risk ratio 3.96, 95% CI 2.36 to 6.66; high‐quality evidence) at week 12. Authors' conclusions This review found only one RCT evaluating the use of this type of biological therapy. Although the risk of publication bias was high, as we included only one industry‐sponsored RCT, the risk of allocation, selection, performance, attrition, and selective reporting biases for all outcomes (except for CDLQI) was low, and no short‐term serious adverse events were found. We can conclude, based on this single included study, that etanercept seems to be efficacious and safe (at least in the short term) for the treatment of paediatric psoriasis. However, as the GRADE approach refers not to individual studies but to a body of evidence, we shall wait for the results of the ongoing studies in a future update of this review. In addition, future studies should evaluate quality‐of‐life endpoints established a priori and standardise primary outcome measures such as PASI 75, and should include the PGA as a secondary endpoint. Also, collating and reporting adverse events uniformly is required to better evaluate safety. Plain language summary Anti‐TNF agents for paediatric psoriasis Background Psoriasis is a long‐term skin disease that may develop at any age. Estimates for the United States and Europe suggest that psoriasis accounts for 4% of skin diseases in children. In most cases, the condition is mild and can be treated with creams. However, a small percentage of children have moderate to severe disease that requires drugs, such as ciclosporin or methotrexate, and some will require injections with newer biological agents, such as anti‐TNF (tumour necrosis factor) drugs. Anti‐TNF drugs (among them etanercept, infliximab, and adalimumab) are designed to reduce inflammation in the body caused by tumour necrosis factor. Review question Are anti‐TNF drugs such as etanercept, infliximab, and adalimumab safe and effective for treating moderate to severe psoriasis in children under 18 years of age? Study characteristics We searched for all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the efficacy and safety of anti‐TNF agents for the treatment of long‐term plaque psoriasis in individuals younger than 18 years of age. We searched databases up to July 2015. Only one study (with three phases: a 12‐week randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled phase; a 24‐week open‐label phase, and a 12‐week phase of a randomised, double‐blind, withdrawal–retreatment design) investigating one anti‐TNF agent (etanercept) in 211 participants met the inclusion criteria. Key results Evidence from this single included study suggests that by week 12 etanercept reduced the extent of the psoriasis in children when compared with placebo. Although a few adverse events were reported, they were resolved without subsequent problems. We did not find any evidence on long‐term side effects of this drug from this included study. Quality of the evidence Although this one RCT provided high‐quality evidence for the Physician's Global Assessment and all Psoriasis Area and Severity Index scores (75, 90, and 50) and moderate‐quality evidence for quality‐of‐life outcomes, we found no further randomised studies either evaluating etanercept or comparing other anti‐TNF agents, highlighting the need for further well‐designed randomised studies involving the use of biological therapies in children and young people with psoriasis. Several studies are ongoing that have not yet been completed or published. We plan to include the results of these in future updates of this review.
 Dietary interventions for preventing complications in idiopathic hypercalciuria;  Abstract - Background Idiopathic hypercalciuria is an inherited metabolic abnormality that is characterised by excessive amounts of calcium excreted in the urine by people whose calcium serum levels are normal. Morbidity associated with idiopathic hypercalciuria is chiefly related to kidney stone disease and bone demineralisation leading to osteopenia and osteoporosis. Idiopathic hypercalciuria contributes to kidney stone disease at all life stages; people with the condition are prone to developing oxalate and calcium phosphate kidney stones. In some cases, crystallised calcium can be deposited in the renal interstitium, causing increased calcium levels in the kidneys. In children, idiopathic hypercalciuria can cause a range of comorbidities including recurrent macroscopic or microscopic haematuria, frequency dysuria syndrome, urinary tract infections and abdominal and lumbar pain. Various dietary interventions have been described that aim to decrease urinary calcium levels or urinary crystallisation. Objectives Our objectives were to assess the efficacy, effectiveness and safety of dietary interventions for preventing complications in idiopathic hypercalciuria (urolithiasis and osteopenia) in adults and children, and to assess the benefits of dietary interventions in decreasing urological symptomatology in children with idiopathic hypercalciuria. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Renal Group's Specialised Register (23 April 2013) through contact with the Trials' Search Co‐ordinator using search terms relevant to this review. Studies contained in the Specialised Register are identified through search strategies specifically designed for CENTRAL, MEDLINE and EMBASE. Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that investigated dietary interventions aimed at preventing complications of idiopathic hypercalciuria, compared with placebo, no intervention, or other dietary interventions regardless of route of administration, dose or amount. Data collection and analysis Studies were assessed for inclusion and data extracted using a standardised data extraction form. We calculated risk ratios (RR) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MD) for continuous outcomes, both with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main results We included five studies (379 adult participants) that investigated a range of interventions. Lack of similarity among interventions investigated meant that data could not be pooled. Overall, study methodology was not adequately reported in any of the included studies. There was a high risk of bias associated with blinding (although it seems unlikely that outcomes measures were unduly influenced by lack of intervention blinding), random sequence generation and allocation methodologies were unclear in most studies, but selective reporting bias was assessed as low. One study (120 participants) compared a low calcium diet with a normal calcium, low protein, low salt diet for five years. There was a significant decrease in numbers of new stone recurrences in those treated with the normal calcium, low protein, low salt diet (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.61 to 0.98). This diet also led to a significant decrease in oxaluria (MD 78.00 µmol/d, 95% CI 26.48 to 129.52) and the calcium oxalate relative supersaturation index (MD 1.20 95% CI 0.21 to 2.19). One study (210 participants) compared a low salt, normal calcium diet with a broad diet for three months. The low salt, normal calcium diet decreased urinary calcium (MD ‐45.00 mg/d, 95% CI ‐74.83 to ‐15.17) and oxalate excretion (MD ‐4.00 mg/d, 95% CI ‐6.44 to ‐1.56). A small study (17 participants) compared the effect of dietary fibre as part of a low calcium, low oxalate diet over three weeks, and found that although calciuria levels decreased, oxaluria increased. Phyllanthus niruri  plant substrate intake was investigated in a small subgroup with hypercalciuria (20 participants); there was no significant effect on calciuria levels occurred after three months of treatment. A small cross‐over study (12 participants) evaluating the changes in urinary supersaturation indices among patients who consumed calcium‐fortified orange juice or milk for one month found no benefits for participants. None of the studies reported any significant adverse effects associated with the interventions. Authors' conclusions Long‐term adherence (five years) to diets that feature normal levels of calcium, low protein and low salt may reduce numbers of stone recurrences, decrease oxaluria and calcium oxalate relative supersaturation indexes in people with idiopathic hypercalciuria who experience recurrent kidney stones. Adherence to a low salt, normal calcium level diet for some months can reduce calciuria and oxaluria. However, the other dietary interventions examined did not demonstrate evidence of significant beneficial effects. No studies were found investigating the effect of dietary recommendations on other clinical complications or asymptomatic idiopathic hypercalciuria. Plain language summary Dietary interventions for preventing complications in idiopathic hypercalciuria Hypercalciuria, an inherited metabolic condition, is the presence of excessive calcium in the urine. The cause is often unknown (idiopathic), and may occur in people who are otherwise well. Although people with the condition have normal levels of calcium in their blood, calcium is lost through the urine. Adults with hypercalciuria are prone to developing kidney stones and losing calcium from their bones. In children, hypercalciuria can cause blood in the urine (haematuria), frequency‐dysuria syndrome (frequent painful or difficult urination), urinary tract infections, abdominal and back pain. It has been suggested that altering the diets of people with hypercalciuria could help to prevent complications of the condition. We therefore aimed to evaluate the benefits and harms of dietary interventions that had been investigated in clinical studies. We included five studies in our review, one of which compared a low calcium diet with a diet that included normal levels of calcium, low protein, low salt over five years. This study found that diets unrestricted for calcium intake significantly decreased numbers of new kidney stones. Other dietary interventions, such as unprocessed wheat bran, did not show any evidence of beneficial effects. We did not find any studies in children, and none investigating specific dietary recommendations for those who had hypercalciuria without symptoms.
 Antiretroviral interventions for preventing breast milk transmission of HIV;  Abstract - Background An estimated 260,000 children under the age of 15 years acquired HIV infection in 2012. As much as 42% of mother‐to‐child transmission is related to breastfeeding. Antiretroviral prophylaxis for mothers or infants has the potential to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breast milk. Objectives To determine which antiretroviral prophylactic regimens are efficacious and safe for reducing mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV through breastfeeding and thereby avert child morbidity and mortality. Search methods Using Cochrane Collaboration search methods in conjunction with appropriate search terms, we identified relevant studies from January 1, 1994 to January 14, 2014 by searching databases including Cochrane CENTRAL, EMBASE and PubMed, LILACS, and Web of Science/Web of Social Science. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials in which HIV‐infected mothers breastfed their infants, and in which the mothers used antiretroviral prophylaxis while breastfeeding their children or their children received antiretroviral prophylaxis for at least four weeks while breastfeeding, were included. Data collection and analysis Abstracts of all trials identified were examined independently by two authors. We identified 15,922 references and examined 81 in detail. Data were abstracted independently using a standardized form. Main results Seven RCTs were included in the review. One trial compared triple antiretroviral prophylaxis during pregnancy and breastfeeding with short antiretroviral prophylaxis to given to the mother to prevent mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV. At 12 months, the risks of HIV transmission, and of HIV transmission or death, were lower, but there was no difference in infant mortality alone in the triple arm versus the short arm. Using the GRADE methodology, evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared six months of breastfeeding using zidovudine, lamivudine, and lopinavir/ritonavir versus zidovudine, lamivudine, and abacavir from 26‐34 weeks gestation. At six months, there was no difference in risk of infant HIV infection, infant death, or infant HIV infection or death between the two groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low to low. One trial of single dose nevirapine versus six weeks of infant zidovudine found the risk of HIV infection at 12 weeks to be greater in the zidovudine arm than in the single dose nevirapine arm. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally very low. One multi‐country trial compared single dose nevirapine and six weeks of infant nevirapine. After 12 months, infants in the extended nevirapine group had a lower risk of infant mortality compared with the control. There was no difference in the risk of HIV infection or death or in HIV transmission alone in the extended nevirapine group compared with the control. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared single dose nevirapine plus one week zidovudine; the control regimen plus nevirapine up to 14 weeks; or the control regimen with dual prophylaxis up to 14 weeks. At 24 months, the extended nevirapine regimen group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death vs. the control. There was no difference in infant mortality alone. Compared with controls, the dual prophylaxis group had a lower risk of HIV transmission and of HIV transmission or death, but no difference in infant mortality alone. There was no difference in these outcomes between the two intervention arms. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally moderate to high. One trial compared six weeks of nevirapine with six months of nevirapine. Among infants of mothers not using highly active antiretroviral therapy, there was no difference in risk of HIV infection among the six month nevirapine group versus the six week nevirapine group. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. One trial compared a maternal triple‐drug antiretroviral regimen, infant nevirapine, or neither intervention. Infants in the maternal prophylaxis arm were at lower risk for HIV, and HIV infection or death when compared with the control group. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone. Infants with extended prophylaxis had a lower risk of HIV infection and of HIV infection or death versus the control group infants. There was no difference in the risk of infant mortality alone in the extended infant nevirapine group versus the control. There was no difference in HIV infection, infant mortality, and HIV infection or death between the maternal and extended infant prophylaxis groups. Evidence quality for outcomes in this trial was generally low to moderate. Authors' conclusions Antiretroviral prophylaxis, whether used by the HIV‐infected mother or the HIV‐exposed infant while breastfeeding, is efficacious in preventing mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV. Further research is needed regarding maternal resistance and response to subsequent antiretroviral therapy after maternal prophylaxis. An ongoing trial (IMPAACT 1077BF) compares the efficacy and safety of maternal triple antiretroviral prophylaxis versus daily infant nevirapine for prevention of mother‐to‐child transmission through breastfeeding. Plain language summary Using antiretroviral medication to prevent transmission of HIV from mother‐to‐child during breastfeeding Worldwide, the primary cause of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in children is mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT). MTCT of HIV can occur during pregnancy, around the time of delivery, or through breastfeeding. Great strides have been made in reducing MTCT during pregnancy and around the time of delivery. However, without intervention, a significant proportion of children born to HIV–infected mothers acquire HIV through breastfeeding. Where affordable, feasible, acceptable, sustainable, and safe (AFASS) alternatives to breast milk are available, it is recommended that HIV‐infected mothers do not breastfeed. However, for a substantial number of HIV‐infected women in the developing world, complete avoidance of breastfeeding is not AFASS. These mothers are counseled to practice exclusive breastfeeding (giving a child only breast milk and no additional food, water, or other fluids). Provision of antiretrovirals (ARVs) either to the mother or to the child during breastfeeding represent potential interventions to reduce the risk of HIV transmission to breastfeeding children. This review explores the available evidence regarding the efficacy and safety of ARV prophylaxis regimens to reduce breast milk transmission of HIV.
 Iodine supplementation for women during the preconception, pregnancy and postpartum period;  Abstract - Background Iodine is an essential nutrient required for the biosynthesis of thyroid hormones, which are responsible for regulating growth, development and metabolism. Iodine requirements increase substantially during pregnancy and breastfeeding. If requirements are not met during these periods, the production of thyroid hormones may decrease and be inadequate for maternal, fetal and infant needs. The provision of iodine supplements may help meet the increased iodine needs during pregnancy and the postpartum period and prevent or correct iodine deficiency and its consequences. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of supplementation with iodine, alone or in combination with other vitamins and minerals, for women in the preconceptional, pregnancy or postpartum period on their and their children's outcomes. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (14 November 2016), and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (17 November 2016), contacted experts in the field and searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and other relevant papers. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized controlled trials with randomisation at either the individual or cluster level comparing injected or oral iodine supplementation (such as tablets, capsules, drops) during preconception, pregnancy or the postpartum period irrespective of iodine compound, dose, frequency or duration. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility, risk of bias, extracted data and conducted checks for accuracy. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence for primary outcomes. We anticipated high heterogeneity among trials, and we pooled trial results using random‐effects models and were cautious in our interpretation of the pooled results. Main results We included 14 studies and excluded 48 studies. We identified five ongoing or unpublished studies and two studies are awaiting classification. Eleven trials involving over 2700 women contributed data for the comparisons in this review (in three trials, the primary or secondary outcomes were not reported). Maternal primary outcomes Iodine supplementation decreased the likelihood of the adverse effect of postpartum hyperthyroidism by 68% (average risk ratio (RR) 0.32; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.11 to 0.91, three trials in mild to moderate iodine deficiency settings, 543 women, no statistical heterogeneity, low‐quality evidence) and increased the likelihood of the adverse effect of digestive intolerance in pregnancy by 15 times (average RR 15.33; 95% CI 2.07 to 113.70, one trial in a mild‐deficiency setting, 76 women, very low‐quality evidence). There were no clear differences between groups for hypothyroidism in pregnancy or postpartum (pregnancy: average RR 1.90; 95% CI 0.57 to 6.38, one trial, 365 women, low‐quality evidence, and postpartum: average RR 0.44; 95% CI 0.06 to 3.42, three trials, 540 women, no statistical heterogeneity, low‐quality evidence), preterm birth (average RR 0.71; 95% CI 0.30 to 1.66, two trials, 376 women, statistical heterogeneity, low‐quality evidence) or the maternal adverse effects of elevated thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPO‐ab) in pregnancy or postpartum (average RR 0.95; 95% CI 0.44 to 2.07, one trial, 359 women, low‐quality evidence, average RR 1.01; 95% CI 0.78 to 1.30, three trials, 397 women, no statistical heterogeneity, low‐quality evidence), or hyperthyroidism in pregnancy (average RR 1.90; 95% CI 0.57 to 6.38, one trial, 365 women, low‐quality evidence). All of the trials contributing data to these outcomes took place in settings with mild to moderate iodine deficiency. Infant/child primary outcomes Compared with those who did not receive iodine, those who received iodine supplements had a 34% lower likelihood of perinatal mortality, however this difference was not statistically significant (average RR 0.66; 95% CI 0.42 to 1.03, two trials, 457 assessments, low‐quality evidence). All of the perinatal deaths occurred in one trial conducted in a severely iodine‐deficient setting. There were no clear differences between groups for low birthweight (average RR 0.56; 95% CI 0.26 to 1.23, two trials, 377 infants, no statistical heterogeneity, low‐quality evidence), neonatal hypothyroidism/elevated thyroid‐stimulating hormone (TSH) (average RR 0.58; 95% CI 0.11 to 3.12, two trials, 260 infants, very low‐quality evidence) or the adverse effect of elevated neonatal thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPO‐ab) (average RR 0.61; 95% CI 0.07 to 5.70, one trial, 108 infants, very low‐quality evidence). All of the trials contributing data to these outcomes took place in areas with mild to moderate iodine deficiency. No trials reported on hypothyroidism/elevated TSH or any adverse effect beyond the neonatal period. Authors' conclusions There were insufficient data to reach any meaningful conclusions on the benefits and harms of routine iodine supplementation in women before, during or after pregnancy. The available evidence suggested that iodine supplementation decreases the likelihood of postpartum hyperthyroidism and increases the likelihood of the adverse effect of digestive intolerance in pregnancy ‐ both considered potential adverse effects. We considered evidence for these outcomes low or very low quality, however, because of study design limitations and wide confidence intervals. In addition, due to the small number of trials and included women in our meta‐analyses, these findings must be interpreted with caution. There were no clear effects on other important maternal or child outcomes though these findings must also be interpreted cautiously due to limited data and low‐quality trials. Additionally, almost all of the evidence came from settings with mild or moderate iodine deficiency and therefore may not be applicable to settings with severe deficiency. More high‐quality randomised controlled trials are needed on iodine supplementation before, during and after pregnancy on maternal and infant/child outcomes. However, it may be unethical to compare iodine to placebo or no treatment in severe deficiency settings. Trials may also be unfeasible in settings where pregnant and lactating women commonly take prenatal supplements with iodine. Information is needed on optimal timing of initiation as well as supplementation regimen and dose. Future trials should consider the outcomes in this review and follow children beyond the neonatal period. Future trials should employ adequate sample sizes, assess potential adverse effects (including the nature and extent of digestive intolerance), and be reported in a way that allows assessment of risk of bias, full data extraction and analysis by the subgroups specified in this review. Plain language summary Iodine supplementation for women before, during or after pregnancy What is the issue? It is estimated that over 1.8 billion people worldwide do not get enough iodine in their diet, putting them at risk of iodine deficiency. Iodine is an essential nutrient needed in small amounts for the body to make thyroid hormones. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that iodine is added to salt to prevent problems caused by lack of iodine. Women who are pregnant or breastfeeding need extra iodine, which puts them at greater risk of deficiency. The breast milk contains iodine for the infant. Why is this important? Thyroid function is increased during pregnancy as thyroid hormones produced by the mother (and the baby as the pregnancy progresses) are essential for growth and development of the baby and to regulate the development of the brain and nervous system. Nervous tissue begins to develop as early as the second month of pregnancy. If women have too little iodine during pregnancy or infants have too little during early childhood, the damage may be irreversible. Research has shown that severe iodine deficiency can stunt children's normal physical growth as well as harm normal mental development, resulting in lower intelligence quotients. Less is known about the consequences of mild or moderate deficiency. Too much iodine can also cause harm and have negative effects on mothers and babies, for example by causing the thyroid to become overactive. Although salt is the commonly the main source of iodine, expert medical groups recommend that women in many countries take iodine supplements during and following pregnancy to help ensure their iodine needs are met. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence in November 2016 and identified 14 randomised controlled trials of iodine supplements in the form of tablets, capsules, drops or injections before, during or after pregnancy. Eleven trials with over 2700 women contributed findings to the review. Eight trials compared iodine with no treatment or a placebo and three trials compared iodine given with other vitamins and minerals against only the vitamins and minerals. Women who received iodine supplements were less likely to develop the unwanted effect of hyperthyroidism (an overactive thyroid gland) after giving birth (three trials involving 543 women) but they were more likely to experience nausea or vomiting during pregnancy (one trial involving 76 women) when compared to those who did not receive iodine. One trial (365 women) did not find any difference in the number of women with an overactive thyroid gland during pregnancy. The number of women with an underactive thyroid gland (hypothyroidism) was not clearly different either during pregnancy (one trial involving 365 women) or after giving birth (three trials involving 540 women) when iodine supplements were given. A similar number of women had raised thyroid antibodies during pregnancy (one trial, 359 women) and after giving birth (three trials, 397 women). We found no clear differences between women given iodine supplements and those not when looking at preterm births (two trials, 376 women) or deaths around the time of giving birth (two trials, 457 women), babies born with a low birthweight (two trials, 377 babies), newborn babies with an underactive thyroid gland (two trials, 260 babies) or with raised thyroid antibodies (one trial, 108 babies). The quality of the evidence was low to very low, mostly because few trials looked at each outcome or because of limitations in the study designs. Most of the findings were from one or two trials and small numbers of women were included. This means we are not confident in the results. What does this mean? The potential benefits and harms of any intervention must be weighed as part of deciding whether to use it. Our Cochrane Review provides a summary of the evidence but there were not enough data for any meaningful conclusions on the benefits and harms of routine iodine supplementation in women before, during or after pregnancy. The limited information we found suggests there are benefits and risks of iodine supplementation. More research will clarify the effects and safety of this intervention. Future research should use randomised controlled trial designs where practical and ethical, and include the outcomes from this review.
 Interventions for preventing diarrhoea‐associated haemolytic uraemic syndrome;  Abstract - Background Haemolytic uraemic syndrome (HUS) is a common cause of acquired kidney failure in children and rarely in adults. The most important risk factor for development of HUS is a gastrointestinal infection by Shiga toxin‐producing  Escherichia coli  (STEC). This review addressed the interventions aimed at secondary prevention of HUS in patients with diarrhoea who were infected with a bacteria that increase the risk of HUS. Objectives Our objective was to evaluate evidence regarding secondary preventative strategies for HUS associated with STEC infections. In doing so, we sought to assess the effectiveness and safety of interventions as well as their potential to impact the morbidity and death associated with this condition. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 12 November 2020 through contact with the Information Specialist using search terms relevant to this review. Studies in the Register are identified through searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Register (ICTRP) Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria Studies were considered based on the methods, participants, and research goals. Only randomised controlled trials were considered eligible for inclusion. The participants of the studies were paediatric and adult patients with diarrhoeal illnesses due to STEC. The primary outcome of interest was incidence of HUS. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures as recommended by Cochrane. Summary estimates of effect were obtained using a random‐effects model, and results were expressed as risk ratios (RR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) for dichotomous outcomes. Confidence in the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Main results We identified four studies (536 participants) for inclusion that investigated four different interventions including antibiotics (trimethoprim‐sulfamethoxazole), anti‐Shiga toxin antibody‐containing bovine colostrum, Shiga toxin binding agent (Synsorb Pk: a silicon dioxide‐based agent), and a monoclonal antibody against Shiga toxin (urtoxazumab). The overall risk of bias was unclear for selection, performance and detection bias and low for attrition, reporting and other sources of bias. It was uncertain if trimethoprim‐sulfamethoxazole reduced the incidence of HUS compared to no treatment (47 participants: RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.11‐2.81, very low certainty evidence). Adverse events relative to this review, need for acute dialysis, neurological complication and death were not reported. There were no incidences of HUS in either the bovine colostrum group or the placebo group. It was uncertain if bovine colostrum caused more adverse events (27 participants: RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.03; very low certainty evidence). The need for acute dialysis, neurological complications or death were not reported. It is uncertain whether Synsorb Pk reduces the incidence of HUS compared to placebo (353 participants: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.39 to 2.22; very low certainty evidence). Adverse events relevant to this review, need for acute dialysis, neurological complications or death were not reported. One study compared two doses of urtoxazumab (3.0 mg/kg and 1.0 mg/kg) to placebo. It is uncertain if either 3.0 mg/kg urtoxazumab (71 participants: RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14) or 1.0 mg/kg urtoxazumab (74 participants: RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.13) reduced the incidence of HUS compared to placebo (very low certainty evidence). Low certainty evidence showed there may be little or no difference in the number of treatment‐emergent adverse events with either 3.0 mg/kg urtoxazumab (71 participants: RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.18) or 1.0 mg/kg urtoxazumab (74 participants: RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.13) compared to placebo. There were 25 serious adverse events reported in 18 patients: 10 in the placebo group, and 9 and 6 serious adverse events in the 1.0 mg/kg and 3.0 mg/kg urtoxazumab groups, respectively. It is unclear how many patients experienced these adverse events in each group, and how many patients experienced more than one event. It is uncertain if either dose of urtoxazumab increased the risk of neurological complications or death (very low certainty evidence). Need for acute dialysis was not reported. Authors' conclusions The included studies assessed antibiotics, bovine milk, and Shiga toxin inhibitor (Synsorb Pk) and monoclonal antibodies (Urtoxazumab) against Shiga toxin for secondary prevention of HUS in patients with diarrhoea due to STEC. However, no firm conclusions about the efficacy of these interventions can be drawn given the small number of included studies and the small sample sizes of those included studies. Additional studies, including larger multicentre studies, are needed to assess the efficacy of interventions to prevent development of HUS in patients with diarrhoea due to STEC infection. Plain language summary Interventions for prevention of haemolytic uraemic syndrome in patients What is the issue? Haemolytic uraemic syndrome (HUS) is a serious illness that primarily affects children and can have severe side effects such as anaemia (low red blood cell counts), kidney damage, brain damage, and death in some cases. HUS most commonly occurs as a complication of diarrhoeal illness caused by a particular form of  Escherichia coli  ( E. coli ) bacteria called Shiga toxin‐producing  E .  coli  (STEC). Despite the severity of this illness, there are currently no standard practices for treating these patients. What did we do? We summarized the available evidence that was collected to date on methods for preventing HUS in patients diagnosed with STEC‐associated diarrhoea (loose bowel movements). We searched the literature for past studies looking at different treatments aimed at preventing HUS in children with diarrhoeal illness and summarized the findings in our review, What did we find?  Four studies randomising 536 patients were included. These studies looked at four different preventative treatments including antibiotic therapy, anti‐Shiga toxin antibody‐containing bovine colostrum, Shiga toxin binding agent (Synsorb Pk: a silicon dioxide‐based agent) and a monoclonal antibody against Shiga toxin (urtoxazumab). The included studies had small number of participants and the results did not favour any one intervention to reduce the progression of the disease to HUS in patients who were infected with STEC. Conclusions No conclusion on the best method for preventing HUS in patients with STEC‐associated diarrhoea can be drawn from this data; more studies with a larger group of patients is required before any recommendation can be made.
 Nutritional interventions for survivors of childhood cancer;  Abstract - Background Childhood cancer survivors are at a higher risk of developing health conditions such as osteoporosis, and cardiovascular disease than their peers. Health‐promoting behaviour, such as consuming a healthy diet, could lessen the impact of these chronic issues, yet the prevalence rate of health‐protecting behaviour amongst survivors of childhood cancer is similar to that of the general population. Targeted nutritional interventions may prevent or reduce the incidence of these chronic diseases. Objectives The primary aim of this review was to assess the efficacy of a range of nutritional interventions designed to improve the nutritional intake of childhood cancer survivors, as compared to a control group of childhood cancer survivors who did not receive the intervention. Secondary objectives were to assess metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors, measures of weight and body fat distribution, behavioural change, changes in knowledge regarding disease risk and nutritional intake, participants' views of the intervention, measures of health status and quality of life, measures of harm associated with the process or outcomes of the intervention, and cost‐effectiveness of the intervention Search methods We searched the electronic databases of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2013, Issue 3), MEDLINE/PubMed (from 1945 to April 2013), and Embase/Ovid (from 1980 to April 2013). We ran the search again in August 2015; we have not yet fully assessed these results, but we have identified one ongoing trial. We conducted additional searching of ongoing trial registers ‐ the International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number register and the National Institutes of Health register (both screened in the first half of 2013) ‐ reference lists of relevant articles and reviews, and conference proceedings of the International Society for Paediatric Oncology and the International Conference on Long‐Term Complications of Treatment of Children and Adolescents for Cancer (both 2008 to 2012). Selection criteria We included all randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the effects of a nutritional intervention with a control group which did not receive the intervention in this review. Participants were childhood cancer survivors of any age, diagnosed with any type of cancer when less than 18 years of age. Participating childhood cancer survivors had completed their treatment with curative intent prior to the intervention. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected and extracted data from each identified study, using a standardised form. We assessed the validity of each identified study using the criteria outlined in the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Intervention s. We used the GRADE criteria to assess the quality of each trial. Main results Three RCTs were eligible for review. A total of 616 participants were included in the analysis. One study included participants who had been treated for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL) (275 participants). Two studies included participants who had all forms of paediatric malignancies (266 and 75 participants). All participants were less than 21 years of age at study entry. The follow‐up ranged from one month to 36 months from the initial assessment. All intended outcomes were not evaluated by each included study. All studies looked at different interventions, and so we were unable to pool results. We could not rule out the presence of bias in any of the studies. There was no clear evidence of a difference in calcium intake at one month between those who received the single, half‐day, group‐based education that focused on bone health, and those who received standard care (mean difference (MD) 111.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐258.97 to 482.17; P = 0.56, low quality evidence). A regression analysis, adjusting for baseline calcium intake and changes in knowledge and self‐efficacy, showed a significantly greater calcium intake for the intervention as compared with the control group at the one‐month follow‐up (beta coefficient 4.92, 95% CI 0.33 to 9.52; P = 0.04). There was statistically significant higher, self‐reported milk consumption (MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.79; P = 0.02, low quality evidence), number of days on calcium supplementation (MD 11.42, 95% CI 7.11 to 15.73; P < 0.00001, low quality evidence), and use of any calcium supplementation (risk ratio (RR) 3.35, 95% CI 1.86 to 6.04; P < 0.0001, low quality evidence), with those who received this single, face‐to‐face, group‐based, health behaviour session. There was no clear evidence of a difference in bone density Z‐scores measured with a dual‐energy X‐ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan at 36 months follow‐up (MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.26 to 0.16; P = 0.64, moderate quality evidence) between those who received calcium and vitamin D supplementation combined with nutrition education and those who received nutrition education alone. There was also no clear evidence of a difference in bone mineral density between the intervention and the control group at the 12‐month (median difference ‐0.17, P = 0.99) and 24‐month follow‐up (median difference ‐0.04, P = 0.54). A single multi‐component health behaviour change intervention, focusing on general healthy eating principles, with two telephone follow‐ups brought about a 0.17 lower score on the four‐point Likert scale of self‐reported junk food intake compared with the control group (MD ‐0.17, 95% CI ‐0.33 to ‐0.01; P = 0.04, low quality evidence); this result was statistically significant. There was no clear evidence of a difference between the groups in the self‐reported use of nutrition as a health protective behaviour (MD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.24 to 0.14; P = 0.60, low quality evidence). Authors' conclusions Due to a paucity of studies, and the heterogeneity of the studies included in this review, we are unable to draw conclusions regarding the effectiveness of nutritional interventions for use with childhood cancer survivors. Although there is low quality evidence for the improvement in health behaviours using health behaviour change interventions, there remains no evidence as to whether this translates into an improvement in dietary intake. There was also no evidence that the studies reduced the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in childhood cancer survivors, although no evidence of effect is not the same as evidence of no effect. This review highlights the need for further well designed trials to be implemented in this population. Plain language summary Nutritional interventions for survivors of childhood cancer Background Survivors of childhood cancer are at a higher risk of chronic health conditions such as, osteoporosis, metabolic syndrome (including obesity and type II diabetes), and cardiovascular disease. These diseases have the potential to be reduced or prevented with targeted nutritional interventions. Objective This review looks at three randomised controlled trials that studied the effects of interventions designed to improve the dietary intake of children who have completed treatment for cancer. Study Characteristics The three studies included 616 participants who had completed their therapy for childhood cancer. All of the participants were less than 21 years of age at study entry. The interventions ranged from the promotion of health behaviours to vitamin and mineral supplementation. The follow‐up ranged from one month to 36 months from the initial assessment. Key results There was low quality evidence that those who received a health behaviour intervention decreased their self‐reported intake of “junk food”. They also increased their intake of dairy foods, as well as increasing their calcium supplementation. The interventions did not appear to translate to an improvement in their dietary intake, body composition, or bone mineral density. Quality of the evidence The results from this review do not provide enough evidence regarding the effectiveness of nutritional interventions for childhood cancer survivors. There was low quality evidence overall. Further well designed research is needed in this area.
 Prebiotics to prevent necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background Dietary supplementation with prebiotic oligosaccharides to modulate the intestinal microbiome has been proposed as a strategy to reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) and associated mortality and morbidity in very preterm or very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of enteral supplementation with prebiotics (versus placebo or no treatment) for preventing NEC and associated morbidity and mortality in very preterm or VLBW infants. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, the Maternity and Infant Care database and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), from the earliest records to July 2022. We searched clinical trials databases and conference proceedings, and examined the reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing prebiotics with placebo or no prebiotics in very preterm (< 32 weeks' gestation) or VLBW (< 1500 g) infants. The primary outcomes were NEC and all‐cause mortality, and the secondary outcomes were late‐onset invasive infection, duration of hospitalisation since birth, and neurodevelopmental impairment. Data collection and analysis Two review authors separately evaluated risk of bias of the trials, extracted data, and synthesised effect estimates using risk ratio (RR), risk difference (RD), and mean difference (MD), with associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs). The primary outcomes of interest were NEC and all‐cause mortality; our secondary outcome measures were late‐onset (> 48 hours after birth) invasive infection, duration of hospitalisation, and neurodevelopmental impairment. We used the GRADE approach to assess the level of certainty of the evidence. Main results We included seven trials in which a total of 705 infants participated. All the trials were small (mean sample size 100). Lack of clarity on methods to conceal allocation and mask caregivers or investigators were potential sources of bias in three of the trials. The studied prebiotics were fructo‐ and galacto‐oligosaccharides, inulin, and lactulose, typically administered daily with enteral feeds during birth hospitalisation. Meta‐analyses of data from seven trials (686 infants) suggest that prebiotics may result in little or no difference in NEC (RR 0.97, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.56; RD none fewer per 1000, 95% CI 50 fewer to 40 more; low‐certainty evidence), all‐cause mortality (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.92; 40 per 1000 fewer, 95% CI 70 fewer to none fewer; low‐certainty evidence), or late‐onset invasive infection (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.06; 50 per 1000 fewer, 95% CI 100 fewer to 10 more; low‐certainty evidence) prior to hospital discharge. The certainty of this evidence is low because of concerns about the risk of bias in some trials and the imprecision of the effect size estimates. The data available from one trial provided only very low‐certainty evidence about the effect of prebiotics on measures of neurodevelopmental impairment (Bayley Scales of Infant Development (BSID) Mental Development Index score < 85: RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.90; very low‐certainty evidence; BSID Psychomotor Development Index score < 85: RR 0.24, 95% 0.03 to 2.00; very low‐certainty evidence; cerebral palsy: RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.35; very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions The available trial data provide low‐certainty evidence about the effects of prebiotics on the risk of NEC, all‐cause mortality before discharge, and invasive infection, and very low‐certainty evidence about the effect on neurodevelopmental impairment for very preterm or VLBW infants. Our confidence in the effect estimates is limited; the true effects may be substantially different. Large, high‐quality trials are needed to provide evidence of sufficient validity to inform policy and practice decisions. Plain language summary Prebiotics for preventing necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants Review question  Does giving very preterm or very low birth weight infants prebiotics prevent necrotising enterocolitis? Background  Very preterm (born more than eight weeks early) and very low birth weight (less than 1.5 kg) infants are at risk of developing necrotising enterocolitis, a severe condition where some lining of the infant's bowel becomes inflamed and dies. This condition is associated with death, serious infection, and long‐term disability and developmental problems. One way to help prevent necrotising enterocolitis may be to add prebiotics (non‐digestible sugar chains to support intestinal colonisation with healthy 'probiotic' bacteria) to milk feeds. What did we do? We searched for trials that looked examined the effect of prebiotics on the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. We compared and summarised the results of the trials and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find?  We found seven trials involving 705 infant participants in total. Trials were mostly small, and most had design flaws that might bias their findings. Key results  Combined analyses showed that giving very preterm or very low birth weight infants prebiotics may result in little or no difference in the risk of necrotising enterocolitis, death, or serious infection, but we have little confidence in the evidence. One trial assessed the effect on disability or developmental outcomes, but we have very little confidence in this evidence. What are the limitations of the evidence?  We have little confidence in the evidence for effects on necrotising enterocolitis, death, and serious infection (and very little confidence for the effect on disability or developmental outcomes) because of concerns that the methods used in the included trials may have introduced biases that exaggerated the benefits of prebiotics supplementation, and because some effect estimates are imprecise. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to July 2022.
 Push versus gravity for intermittent bolus gavage tube feeding of preterm and low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background Many small, sick, and preterm infants are unable to co‐ordinate sucking, swallowing, and breathing, and therefore require gavage feeding. In gavage feeding, milk feeds are delivered through a tube passed via the nose or the mouth into the stomach. Intermittent bolus milk feeds may be administered by a syringe to gently push milk into the infant's stomach (push feed). Alternatively, milk can be poured into a syringe attached to the tube and allowed to drip in by gravity (gravity feed). Objectives To determine whether use of push feeding compared with gravity feeding results in more rapid establishment of full gavage feeds without increasing adverse events among preterm or low birth weight infants, or both, who require intermittent bolus tube feeding. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2020, Issue 7), in the Cochrane Library; Ovid MEDLINE(R) and Epub Ahead of Print, In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations, Daily and Versions(R); and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), on 30 July 2020. We also searched clinical trials databases and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs. Selection criteria We included RCTs and quasi‐RCTs comparing push versus gravity intermittent gavage tube feeding in preterm (less than 37 weeks' gestation) or low birth weight (less than 2500 grams) infants, or both. Data collection and analysis We assessed the methods of trials regarding blinding of randomisation and outcome measurement. We evaluated treatment effects with a fixed‐effect model using risk ratio (RR), relative risk reduction, risk difference (RD), and number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) for categorical data; and using mean, standard deviation, and mean difference (MD) for continuous data. We analysed outcomes measured as count data, for example, frequency of apnoea, bradycardia, and episodes of pulse oximeter oxygen (SpO₂) desaturation, by comparing rates of events and the rate ratio. We evaluated heterogeneity to help determine the suitability of pooling results. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results One small cross‐over trial (31 infants) met the criteria for inclusion in this review. The certainty of evidence for all outcomes was very low due to imprecision of estimates, wide confidence intervals, and unclear risk of bias. The primary outcome ‐ time taken to establish full gavage feeding (days) and feeding intolerance (number of episodes per day) ‐ was not reported in the included study. The evidence is very uncertain about the effects of push versus gravity intermittent gavage tube feeding on all other outcomes. Investigators reported respiratory rate (breaths per minute) at completion of feeding (MD 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐5.97 to 7.13; 1 study, 31 participants; very low‐certainty evidence); respiratory rate (breaths per minute) 10 to 30 minutes after completion of feeding (MD 3.1, 95% CI ‐3.43 to 9.63; 1 study, 31 participants; very low‐certainty evidence); heart rate (beats per minute) at completion of feeding (MD 2.6, 95% CI ‐9.71 to 4.51; 1 study, 31 participants; very low‐certainty evidence); and heart rate (beats per minute) 10 to 30 minutes after completion of feeding (MD 2.4, 95% CI ‐9.16 to 4.36; 1 study, 31 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). We are very uncertain of the effects of push versus gravity intermittent gavage feeding on respiratory rate during and after feeding. Authors' conclusions We do not have sufficient evidence to determine the effects of intermittent bolus gavage feeding for preterm and low birth weight infants. The single small study of 31 infants comparing effects of push versus gravity bolus gavage feeding did not report the primary outcome identified in this review. Thus, evidence is insufficient to show whether use of push compared with gravity gavage feeding results in more rapid establishment of full gavage feeds without increasing adverse events in preterm or low birth weight infants who receive intermittent bolus gavage feeding. In addition, the included study was too small to measure potential adverse events that can occur during gavage tube feeding, for example, episodes of oxygen desaturation, apnoea, or bradycardia. Plain language summary Push versus gravity for intermittent bolus gavage tube feeding of preterm and low birth weight infants Review question In preterm or low birth weight infants receiving gavage tube feedings, does push tube feeding compared with gravity tube feeding result in increased adverse events (low oxygen saturation, low heart rate, time to full suck feeding).  Background Infants born prematurely (before 37 weeks) may be unable to co‐ordinate sucking, swallowing, and breathing, and require gavage feeding. In gavage feeding, milk is delivered intermittently through a tube passed via the nose or the mouth into the stomach. Intermittent bolus milk feeds may be administered by using a syringe to gently push milk into the infant's stomach (push feed). Alternatively, milk can be poured into a syringe attached to the tube and allowed to drip in by gravity (gravity feed). Study characteristics The search is up‐to‐date as of July 2020. We included one study (31 infants) in this updated review. Key results Evidence is insufficient to show whether use of push compared with gravity gavage feeding results in more rapid establishment of full gavage feeds without increasing adverse events in preterm or low birth weight infants, or both, who require intermittent bolus gavage feeding. Certainty of evidence Evidence from randomised trials comparing push versus gravity intermittent gavage tube feeding in preterm or low birth weight infants (less than 2500 grams) is insufficient to inform practice.
 Oral H1 antihistamines as ‘add‐on’ therapy to topical treatment for eczema;  Abstract - Background The symptoms of eczema can lead to sleeplessness and fatigue and may have a substantial impact on quality of life. Use of oral H1 antihistamines (H1 AH) as adjuvant therapy alongside topical agents is based on the idea that combining the anti‐inflammatory effects of topical treatments with the blocking action of histamine on its receptors in the skin by H1 AH (to reduce the principal symptom of itch) might magnify or intensify the effect of treatment. Also, it would be unethical to compare oral H1 AH alone versus no treatment, as topical treatment is the standard management for this condition. Objectives To assess the effects of oral H1 antihistamines as 'add‐on' therapy to topical treatment in adults and children with eczema. Search methods We searched the following databases up to May 2018: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and the GREAT database (Global Resource of EczemA Trials; from inception). We searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of included and excluded studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We also searched the abstracts of four conference proceedings held between 2000 and 2018. Selection criteria We sought RCTs assessing oral H1 AH as 'add‐on' therapy to topical treatment for people with eczema compared with topical treatment plus placebo or no additional treatment as add‐on therapy. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Primary outcome measures were 'Mean change in patient‐assessed symptoms of eczema' and 'Proportion of participants reporting adverse effects and serious adverse events'. Secondary outcomes were 'Mean change in physician‐assessed clinical signs', 'Mean change in quality of life', and 'Number of eczema flares'. Main results We included 25 studies (3285 randomised participants). Seventeen studies included 1344 adults, and eight studies included 1941 children. Most studies failed to report eczema severity at baseline, but they were conducted in secondary care settings, so it is likely that they recruited patients with more severe cases of eczema. Trial duration was between three days and 18 months. Researchers studied 13 different H1 AH treatments. We could not undertake pooling because of the high level of diversity across studies in terms of duration and dose of intervention, concomitant topical therapy, and outcome assessment. Risk of bias was generally unclear, but five studies had high risk of bias in one domain (attrition, selection, or reporting bias). Only one study measured quality of life, but these results were insufficient for statistical analysis. Although this review assessed 17 comparisons, we summarise here the results of three key comparisons in this review. Cetirizine versus placebo One study compared cetirizine 0.5 mg/kg/d against placebo over 18 months in 795 children. Study authors did not report patient‐assessed symptoms of eczema separately for pruritus. Cetirizine is probably associated with fewer adverse events (mainly mild) (risk ratio (RR) 0.68, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.46 to 1.01) and the need for slightly less additional H1 AH use as an indication of eczema flare rate (P = 0.035; no further numerical data given). Physician‐assessed clinical signs (SCORing Atopic Dermatitis index (SCORAD)) were reduced in both groups, but the difference between groups was reported as non‐significant (no P value given). Evidence for this comparison was of moderate quality. One study assessed cetirizine 10 mg/d against placebo over four weeks in 84 adults. Results show no evidence of differences between groups in patient‐assessed symptoms of eczema (pruritus measured as part of SCORAD; no numerical data given), numbers of adverse events (RR 1.11, 95% CI 0.50 to 2.45; mainly sedation, other skin‐related problems, respiratory symptoms, or headache), or physician‐assessed changes in clinical signs, amount of local rescue therapy required, or number of applications as an indicator of eczema flares (no numerical data reported). Evidence for this comparison was of low quality. Fexofenadine versus placebo Compared with placebo, fexofenadine 120 mg/d taken in adults over one week (one study) probably leads to a small reduction in patient‐assessed symptoms of pruritus on a scale of 0 to 8 (mean difference (MD) ‐0.25, 95% CI ‐0.43 to ‐0.07; n = 400) and a greater reduction in the ratio of physician‐assessed pruritus area to whole body surface area (P = 0.007; no further numerical data given); however, these reductions may not be clinically meaningful. Results suggest probably little or no difference in adverse events (mostly somnolence and headache) (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.50; n = 411) nor in the amount of 0.1% hydrocortisone butyrate used (co‐intervention in both groups) as an indicator of eczema flare, but no numerical data were given. Evidence for this comparison was of moderate quality. Loratadine versus placebo A study of 28 adults compared loratadine 10 mg/d taken over 4 weeks versus placebo. Researchers found no evidence of differences between groups in patient‐assessed pruritus, measured by a 100‐point visual analogue scale (MD ‐2.30, 95% CI ‐20.27 to 15.67); reduction in physician‐assessed clinical signs (SCORAD) (MD ‐4.10, 95% CI ‐13.22 to 5.02); or adverse events. Study authors reported only one side effect (folliculitis with placebo) (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.01 to 5.76). Evidence for this comparison was of low quality. Number of eczema flares was not measured for this comparison. Authors' conclusions Based on the main comparisons, we did not find consistent evidence that H1 AH treatments are effective as 'add‐on' therapy for eczema when compared to placebo; evidence for this comparison was of low and moderate quality. However, fexofenadine probably leads to a small improvement in patient‐assessed pruritus, with probably no significant difference in the amount of treatment used to prevent eczema flares. Cetirizine was no better than placebo in terms of physician‐assessed clinical signs nor patient‐assessed symptoms, and we found no evidence that loratadine was more beneficial than placebo, although all interventions seem safe. The quality of evidence was limited because of poor study design and imprecise results. Future researchers should clearly define the condition (course and severity) and clearly report their methods, especially participant selection and randomisation; baseline characteristics; and outcomes (based on the Harmonising Outcome Measures in Eczema initiative). Plain language summary Do H1 antihistamine tablets or liquids help improve eczema symptoms in people who are already using creams or ointments for their eczema? Review question Are H1 antihistamines (which inhibit the action of chemicals released as part of an allergic reaction; known as 'histamines'), taken as tablets or liquid, effective and safe in people of any age with diagnosed eczema, if given in addition to creams and ointments, compared to treatment with an inactive substance (placebo) or nothing added to creams and ointments? Background Eczema (also known as 'atopic eczema/dermatitis') is a skin disorder frequently affecting both children and adults. In developed countries, 10% to 20% of all people are affected by eczema during their lifetime. The main symptom is itch, which results in scratching and, together with skin inflammation, frequently produces reddening of the skin. The symptoms of eczema can lead to sleeplessness and fatigue, lowering quality of life. Antihistamines are frequently given for itch (specifically H1 antihistamines taken by mouth), and they may alleviate the symptoms of eczema when given in addition to conventional treatments directly applied to the skin (e.g. emollients, moisturisers, steroid creams), although they are not thought to cure it. Many antihistamines are available without prescription, for instance, cetirizine or loratadine. Although H1 antihistamines are frequently prescribed for treating eczema, we do not know whether they are effective and safe. Study characteristics We searched for relevant studies up to May 2018. We included 25 randomised controlled trials with 3285 participants of all ages with diagnosed eczema. Eight studies included children or adolescents, and 17 included adults. The gender of participants and the severity of symptoms often were not reported. All studies were conducted in secondary care settings, including hospital clinics, research clinics, dermatology centres, and surgery centres, meaning that participants were likely to have more severe eczema than if recruitment occurred from first point of contact settings (i.e. primary care). All but one study compared H1 antihistamine versus placebo. Researchers studied 13 different H1 antihistamines, most of which were less sedating H1 antihistamines (known as 'second‐generation antihistamines'). Studies lasted between three days and 18 months. Seven trials received funding from pharmaceutical companies; they are the largest trials included in this review. Key results We found no convincing evidence that H1 antihistamines help patients with eczema. One study compared cetirizine 0.5 mg/kg/d versus placebo (in children over a period of 18 months). No data were provided on patient‐assessed itch symptoms of eczema. Cetirizine is probably associated with fewer (mainly mild) adverse events and the need for slightly less additional H1 antihistamine to prevent flares. Even though physician‐assessed clinical signs were reduced in both groups, results show no differences between groups (all moderate‐quality evidence). When compared with placebo, we found no evidence that an increased dose of cetirizine 10 mg/d over four weeks makes a difference in terms of patient‐assessed itch, number of side effects, physician‐assessed signs, or number of eczema flares as measured by the amount of treatment used (all low‐quality evidence). Side effects reported in both groups included drowsiness, skin‐related problems, breathing issues, and headaches. Compared with placebo, fexofenadine 120 mg/d given to adults for one week probably slightly improves patient‐assessed itch, as well as producing a greater reduction in the area of itch, as assessed by a physician, and it probably makes little or no difference in the number of participants experiencing side effects (mostly drowsiness and headaches) or in the extent of treatment required as an indicator of the number of eczema flares (all moderate‐quality evidence). We found no evidence of a difference between placebo and loratadine 10 mg/d given to adults for four weeks in patient‐assessed itch, occurrence of side effects, or physician‐assessed signs of eczema (all low‐quality evidence). This study did not measure the number of eczema flares. Study authors reported only one side effect (folliculitis), which occurred with placebo. Only one study measured quality of life, but results could not be analysed. Quality of the evidence For all outcomes across key comparisons, evidence was of low to moderate certainty. Reasons for lowering the quality of evidence include concerns over how studies were carried out and inclusion of too few participants, leading to less accurate results.
 Synbiotics to prevent necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background Intestinal dysbiosis may contribute to the pathogenesis of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) in very preterm or very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. Dietary supplementation with synbiotics (probiotic micro‐organisms combined with prebiotic oligosaccharides) to modulate the intestinal microbiome has been proposed as a strategy to reduce the risk of NEC and associated mortality and morbidity. Objectives To assess the effect of enteral supplementation with synbiotics (versus placebo or no treatment, or versus probiotics or prebiotics alone) for preventing NEC and associated morbidity and mortality in very preterm or VLBW infants. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Embase, the Maternity and Infant Care database and CINAHL, from earliest records to 17 June 2021. We searched clinical trials databases and conference proceedings, and examined the reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing prophylactic synbiotics supplementation with placebo or no synbiotics in very preterm (< 32 weeks' gestation) or very low birth weight (< 1500 g) infants. Data collection and analysis Two review authors separately performed the screening and selection process,  evaluated risk of bias of the trials, extracted data, and synthesised effect estimates using risk ratio (RR), risk difference (RD), and mean difference, with associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We used the GRADE approach to assess the level of certainty for effects on NEC, all‐cause mortality, late‐onset invasive infection, and neurodevelopmental impairment. Main results We included six trials in which a total of 925 infants participated. Most trials were small (median sample size 200). Lack of clarity on methods used to conceal allocation and mask caregivers or investigators were potential sources of bias in four of the trials. The studied synbiotics preparations contained lactobacilli or bifidobacteria (or both) combined with fructo‐ or galacto‐oligosaccharides (or both).  Meta‐analyses suggested that synbiotics may reduce the risk of NEC (RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.09 to 0.40; RD 70 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 100 fewer to 40 fewer; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 14, 95% CI 10 to 25; six trials (907 infants); low certainty evidence); and all‐cause mortality prior to hospital discharge (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.85; RD 50 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 120 fewer to 100 fewer; NNTB 20, 95% CI 8 to 100; six trials (925 infants); low‐certainty evidence). Synbiotics may have little or no effect on late‐onset invasive infection, but the evidence is very uncertain (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.21; RD 20 fewer per 1000, 95% CI 70 fewer to 30 more; five trials (707 infants); very low‐certainty evidence). None of the trials assessed neurodevelopmental outcomes. In the absence of high levels of heterogeneity, we did not undertake any subgroup analysis (including the type of feeding). Authors' conclusions The available trial data provide only low‐certainty evidence about the effects of synbiotics on the risk of NEC and associated morbidity and mortality for very preterm or very low birth weight infants. Our confidence in the effect estimates is limited; the true effects may be substantially different from these estimates. Large, high‐quality trials would be needed to provide evidence of sufficient validity and applicability to inform policy and practice. Plain language summary Do synbiotics prevent necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants? Background Very preterm (born more than eight weeks early) and very low birth weight (less than 1.5 kg) infants are at risk of developing necrotising enterocolitis, a severe condition where some of the lining of the infant's bowel becomes inflamed, and the cells of this tissue die. This condition is associated with death, serious infection, and long‐term disability, as well as developmental problems. What did we want to find out? One way to help prevent necrotising enterocolitis may be to add synbiotics (combinations of probiotic bacteria or yeasts plus non‐digestible sugars to support probiotic growth and colonisation) to milk feeds. We wanted to find out whether synbiotics might benefit very preterm and very low birth weight infants. Our outcomes of interest included necrotising enterocolitis, death from any cause, serious infection, duration of hospitalisation since birth and neurodevelopmental outcomes. What did we do? For our Cochrane Review, we searched several important databases to identify randomized controlled trials that investigated the use of synbiotics for preventing necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm and very low birth weight infants. We used standard Cochrane methods to conduct our review and perform our analyses. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. What did we find? We found six trials with a total of 925 infant participants. Trials were mostly small, and most had design flaws that might have biased their findings. Main results Combined analyses showed that giving synbiotics to very preterm or very low birth weight infants may reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis and death. Synbiotics may have little or no effect in reducing the risk of serious infection, but the evidence is very uncertain. None of the studies that we identified assessed the effect of synbiotics on disability or developmental outcomes. What are the limitations of this evidence? Although the evidence from randomised controlled trials can potentially be of high certainty, the methods used in our review's included trials may have introduced biases that exaggerated the benefits of giving synbiotics to very preterm and very low birth weight infants. Also, because most of the trials were small, the effect estimates for some outcomes were imprecise. For these reasons, we graded down the certainty of the evidence. All evidence in our review is of low or very low certainty. There is low‐certainty evidence that synbiotics prevent necrotising enterocolitis and death from any cause. There is very low‐certainty evidence that synbiotics may have little or no effect in preventing serious infection. How up to date is this evidence? We conducted our database searches on 17 June 2021.
 Chelation for autism spectrum disorder (ASD);  Abstract - Background It has been suggested that the severity of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) symptoms is positively correlated with the level of circulating or stored toxic metals, and that excretion of these heavy metals, brought about by the use of pharmaceutical chelating agents, results in improved symptoms. Objectives To assess the potential benefits and adverse effects of pharmaceutical chelating agents (referred to as chelation therapy throughout this review) for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) symptoms. Search methods We searched the following databases on 6 November 2014: CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE In‐Process, Embase, PsycINFO, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) and 15 other databases, including three trials registers. In addition we checked references lists and contacted experts. Selection criteria All randomised controlled trials of pharmaceutical chelating agents compared with placebo in individuals with ASD. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed them for risk of bias and extracted relevant data. We did not conduct a meta‐analysis, as only one study was included. Main results We excluded nine studies because they were non‐randomised trials or were withdrawn before enrolment. We included one study, which was conducted in two phases. During the first phase of the study, 77 children with ASD were randomly assigned to receive seven days of glutathione lotion or placebo lotion, followed by three days of oral dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA). Forty‐nine children who were found to be high excreters of heavy metals during phase one continued on to phase two to receive three days of oral DMSA or placebo followed by 11 days off, with the cycle repeated up to six times. The second phase thus assessed the effectiveness of multiple doses of oral DMSA compared with placebo in children who were high excreters of heavy metals and who received a three‐day course of oral DMSA. Overall, no evidence suggests that multiple rounds of oral DMSA had an effect on ASD symptoms. Authors' conclusions This review included data from only one study, which had methodological limitations. As such, no clinical trial evidence was found to suggest that pharmaceutical chelation is an effective intervention for ASD. Given prior reports of serious adverse events, such as hypocalcaemia, renal impairment and reported death, the risks of using chelation for ASD currently outweigh proven benefits. Before further trials are conducted, evidence that supports a causal link between heavy metals and autism and methods that ensure the safety of participants are needed. Plain language summary Chelation for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) Background Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are types of disorders characterised by difficulties in social interaction and communication, and restricted and repetitive behaviours. It has been suggested that increased levels of toxic metals result in more severe symptoms of ASD, and that excretion of these heavy metals brought about by use of pharmaceutical chelating agents (chemicals that are injected into the blood stream to bind to and remove toxic heavy metals from the body) may lead to improvement of symptoms. Review question The purpose of this review was to assess the evidence for the effects of pharmaceutical chelating agents for symptoms of ASD. Study characteristics We searched multiple databases to find studies that examined pharmaceutical chelating agents as treatment for ASD symptoms. We found only one randomised controlled trial that evaluated oral dimercaptosuccinic acid (DMSA) for ASD, but this trial did not use ideal methods for answering our question. The evidence is current to November 2014. The trial that we found was conducted in two phases. During the first phase, 77 children with ASD were assigned randomly to receive seven days of glutathione lotion or placebo lotion, followed by three days of oral DMSA. Forty‐nine children who excreted high levels of heavy metals during phase one continued on to phase two to receive three days of oral DMSA or placebo followed by 11 days off, with the cycle repeated up to six times. Key results Results from the included study show that multiple rounds of oral DMSA did not have an effect on any of the ASD symptoms measured in children found to be high excreters who had already received three doses of a pharmaceutical chelating agent. Currently no clinical trial evidence suggests that pharmaceutical chelation is an effective intervention for ASD. Given prior reports of serious adverse events, such as changes to calcium levels in blood, kidney impairment and reported death, risks of using pharmaceutical chelating agents for ASD currently outweigh proven benefits. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence is poor, with only one study, which had methodological shortcomings, included in this review. These factors, when combined, preclude confidence in the findings. However, before further trials are conducted, more evidence is needed to show that heavy metals cause or worsen the severity of autism, and the safety of pharmaceutical chelating agents for participants must be established.
 Probiotics to prevent necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background Intestinal dysbiosis may contribute to the pathogenesis of necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) in very preterm or very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. Dietary supplementation with probiotics to modulate the intestinal microbiome has been proposed as a strategy to reduce the risk of NEC and associated mortality and morbidity in very preterm or VLBW infants. Objectives To determine the effect of supplemental probiotics on the risk of NEC and associated mortality and morbidity in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. Search methods We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, the Maternity and Infant Care database, and CINAHL from inception to July 2022. We searched clinical trials databases and conference proceedings, and examined the reference lists of retrieved articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs comparing probiotics with placebo or no probiotics in very preterm infants (born before 32 weeks' gestation) and VLBW infants (weighing less than 1500 g at birth). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently evaluated risk of bias of the trials, extracted data, and synthesised effect estimates using risk ratios (RRs), risk differences (RDs), and mean differences (MDs), with associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs). The primary outcomes were NEC and all‐cause mortality; secondary outcome measures were late‐onset invasive infection (more than 48 hours after birth), duration of hospitalisation from birth, and neurodevelopmental impairment. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 60 trials with 11,156 infants. Most trials were small (median sample size 145 infants). The main potential sources of bias were unclear reporting of methods for concealing allocation and masking caregivers or investigators in about half of the trials. The formulation of the probiotics varied across trials. The most common preparations contained  Bifidobacterium spp. ,  Lactobacillus spp. ,  Saccharomyces spp. ,  andStreptococcus spp ., alone or in combination. Very preterm or very low birth weight infants Probiotics may reduce the risk of NEC (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.65; I² = 17%; 57 trials, 10,918 infants; low certainty). The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 33 (95% CI 25 to 50). Probiotics probably reduce mortality slightly (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.66 to 0.90; I² = 0%; 54 trials, 10,484 infants; moderate certainty); the NNTB was 50 (95% CI 50 to 100). Probiotics probably have little or no effect on the risk of late‐onset invasive infection (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.82 to 0.97; I² = 22%; 49 trials, 9876 infants; moderate certainty). Probiotics may have little or no effect on neurodevelopmental impairment (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.26; I² = 0%; 5 trials, 1518 infants; low certainty). Extremely preterm or extremely low birth weight infants Few data were available for extremely preterm or extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants. In this population, probiotics may have little or no effect on NEC (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.22, I² = 0%; 10 trials, 1836 infants; low certainty), all‐cause mortality (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.18; I² = 0%; 7 trials, 1723 infants; low certainty), or late‐onset invasive infection (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.09; I² = 0%; 7 trials, 1533 infants; low certainty). No trials provided data for measures of neurodevelopmental impairment in extremely preterm or ELBW infants. Authors' conclusions Given the low to moderate certainty of evidence for the effects of probiotic supplements on the risk of NEC and associated morbidity and mortality for very preterm or VLBW infants, and particularly for extremely preterm or ELBW infants, there is a need for further large, high‐quality trials to provide evidence of sufficient validity and applicability to inform policy and practice. Plain language summary Probiotics for prevention of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants Review question  Does giving very preterm or very low birth weight infants probiotics prevent necrotising enterocolitis? Background Very preterm infants (those born more than eight weeks early) and very low birth weight infants (those weighing less than 1.5 kg at birth) are at risk of developing necrotising enterocolitis, a severe condition where tissues in the lining of the infant's bowel become inflamed and start to die. This condition can lead to death, serious infection, long‐term disability, and developmental problems. What did we want to find out? One way to help prevent necrotising enterocolitis may be to add probiotics (dietary supplements containing potentially beneficial bacteria or yeasts) to milk feeds. We wanted to find out whether probiotic supplementation might benefit very preterm and very low birth weight infants. Specifically, we wanted to know if probiotic supplementation was better than placebo (dummy treatment) or no treatment for improving: • necrotising enterocolitis; • death from any cause; • serious infection; • duration of hospitalisation from birth; and • neurodevelopmental disability. What did we do? We searched several important databases to identify randomised controlled trials (trials that assign participants to one of two or more treatment groups at random) that investigated the use of probiotics for preventing necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm and very low birth weight infants. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found 60 trials with 11,156 infants. Most trials were small and had design flaws that might have biased their findings. Main results Giving very preterm and very low birth weight infants probiotics, compared with giving them placebo or no treatment, may reduce their risk of necrotising enterocolitis, and probably reduces their risk of death. Probiotics probably have little or no effect on serious infection and may have little or no effect on disability or developmental outcomes. Probiotics compared with placebo or no treatment may have little or no effect on necrotising enterocolitis, death, or serious infection in extremely preterm infants (those born more than 12 weeks early) or extremely low birth weight infants (those weighing less than 1.0 kg at birth). What are the limitations of this evidence? The methods used in the included trials may have exaggerated the benefits of giving probiotics to very preterm and very low birth weight infants. Furthermore, the effect could have been biased by small trials with unreliable methods. Because we have little confidence or moderate confidence in the evidence for the effects of probiotic supplements in very preterm or very low birth weight infants, there is a need for additional large, high‐quality trials to provide evidence of sufficient validity and applicability to inform policy and practice. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to July 2022.
 Laser therapy for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars;  Abstract - Background Hypertrophic and keloid scars are common skin conditions resulting from abnormal wound healing. They can cause itching, pain and have a negative physical and psychological impact on patients’ lives. Different approaches are used aiming to improve these scars, including intralesional corticosteroids, surgery and more recently, laser therapy. Since laser therapy is expensive and may have adverse effects, it is critical to evaluate the potential benefits and harms of this therapy for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars. Objectives To assess the effects of laser therapy for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars. Search methods In March 2021 we searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL EBSCO Plus and LILACS. To identify additional studies, we also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and scanned reference lists of relevant included studies as well as reviews, meta‐analyses, and health technology reports. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication, or study setting. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for treating hypertrophic or keloid scars (or both), comparing laser therapy with placebo, no intervention or another intervention. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected studies, extracted the data, assessed the risk of bias of included studies and carried out GRADE assessments to assess the certainty of evidence. A third review author arbitrated if there were disagreements. Main results We included 15 RCTs, involving 604 participants (children and adults) with study sample sizes ranging from 10 to 120 participants (mean 40.27). Where studies randomised different parts of the same scar, each scar segment was the unit of analysis (906 scar segments). The length of participant follow‐up varied from 12 weeks to 12 months. All included trials had a high risk of bias for at least one domain: all studies were deemed at high risk of bias due to lack of blinding of participants and personnel. The variability of intervention types, controls, follow‐up periods and limitations with report data meant we pooled data for one comparison (and only two outcomes within this). Several review secondary outcomes ‐ cosmesis, tolerance, preference for different modes of treatment, adherence, and change in quality of life ‐ were not reported in any of the included studies. Laser versus no treatment: We found low‐certainty evidence suggesting there may be more hypertrophic and keloid scar improvement (that is scars are less severe) in 585‐nm pulsed‐dye laser (PDL) ‐treated scars compared with no treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.96; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.11 to 3.45; two studies, 60 scar segments). It is unclear whether non‐ablative fractional laser (NAFL) impacts on hypertrophic scar severity when compared with no treatment (very low‐certainty evidence). It is unclear whether fractional carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) laser impacts on hypertrophic and keloid scar severity compared with no treatment (very low‐certainty evidence). Eight studies reported treatment‐related adverse effects but did not provide enough data for further analyses. Laser versus other treatments: We are uncertain whether treatment with 585‐nm PDL impacts on hypertrophic and keloid scar severity compared with intralesional corticosteroid triamcinolone acetonide (TAC), intralesional Fluorouracil (5‐FU) or combined use of TAC plus 5‐FU (very low‐certainty evidence). It is also uncertain whether erbium laser impacts on hypertrophic scar severity when compared with TAC (very low‐certainty evidence). Other comparisons included 585‐nm PDL versus silicone gel sheeting, fractional CO 2  laser versus TAC and fractional CO 2  laser versus verapamil. However, the authors did not report enough data regarding the severity of scars to compare the interventions. As only very low‐certainty evidence is available on treatment‐related adverse effects, including pain, charring (skin burning so that the surface becomes blackened), telangiectasia (a condition in which tiny blood vessels cause thread‐like red lines on the skin), skin atrophy (skin thinning), purpuric discolorations, hypopigmentation (skin colour becomes lighter), and erosion (loss of part of the top layer of skin, leaving a denuded surface) secondary to blistering, we are not able to draw conclusions as to how these treatments compare. Laser plus other treatment versus other treatment: It is unclear whether 585‐nm PDL plus TAC plus 5‐FU leads to a higher percentage of good to excellent improvement in hypertrophic and keloid scar severity compared with TAC plus 5‐FU, as the certainty of evidence has been assessed as very low. Due to very low‐certainty evidence, it is also uncertain whether CO 2  laser plus TAC impacts on keloid scar severity compared with cryosurgery plus TAC. The evidence is also very uncertain about the effect of neodymium‐doped yttrium aluminium garnet (Nd:YAG) laser plus intralesional corticosteroid diprospan plus 5‐FU on scar severity compared with diprospan plus 5‐FU and about the effect of helium‐neon (He‐Ne) laser plus decamethyltetrasiloxane, polydimethylsiloxane and cyclopentasiloxane cream on scar severity compared with decamethyltetrasiloxane, polydimethylsiloxane and cyclopentasiloxane cream. Only very low‐certainty evidence is available on treatment‐related adverse effects, including pain, atrophy, erythema, telangiectasia, hypopigmentation, regrowth, hyperpigmentation (skin colour becomes darker), and depigmentation (loss of colour from the skin). Therefore, we are not able to draw conclusions as to how these treatments compare.  Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of laser therapy for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars. The available information is also insufficient to perform a more accurate analysis on treatment‐related adverse effects related to laser therapy. Due to the heterogeneity of the studies, conflicting results, study design issues and small sample sizes, further high‐quality trials, with validated scales and core outcome sets should be developed. These trials should take into consideration the consumers' opinion and values, the need for long‐term follow‐up and the necessity of reporting the rate of recurrence of scars to determine whether lasers may achieve superior results when compared with other therapies for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars. Plain language summary Laser therapy for hypertrophic and keloid scars What was studied in the review? Hypertrophic and keloid scars are raised and bumpy scars that form when a wound does not heal correctly. These scars can be discoloured or reddened and can also cause pain and itching. A range of treatments are available, including silicone gels and steroids. Laser therapy may be an alternative treatment for these types of scars. During laser therapy, areas of skin are targeted by a powerful beam of light which can break down damaged tissue. Different types of laser therapy are available depending on the patient's skin type and the nature of the scar. Laser therapy is expensive and has potentially harmful side effects, so it is important to establish whether it is safe and effective. What is the aim of this review? The aim of this review was to investigate whether laser therapy is an effective treatment for people with hypertrophic and keloid scars. To answer this question, researchers from Cochrane collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question and found 15 randomised controlled trials. What are the main results of the review? We included 15 studies dating from 1999 to 2019, involving 604 participants (children and adults of both sexes). The study sizes were small (10 to 120 participants), with the length of participant follow‐up varying from 12 weeks to 12 months. The studies analysed the change in the severity of scars assessed by health professionals or participants. In the studies, different kinds of laser devices were compared with no treatment and with other treatment methods. Laser therapy combined with another treatment was also compared with this treatment alone. We cannot be sure whether laser therapy alone or combined with other treatments improves hypertrophic or keloid scars severity when compared with no treatment or other treatments, as the certainty of all available evidence is low or very low. This is due to the small number of studies, different comparisons, conflicting results, small number of participants, and lack of available data. Some side effects of laser treatment such as damage to the skin or underlying blood vessels, redness, and numbness were reported. However, the certainty of the evidence is too low to be sure how common these side effects are. Key messages Taken together, the results of these studies do not allow us to be sure if using any kind of laser therapy is more or less effective than other available treatments for hypertrophic and keloid scars. As the studies provided only very low‐certainty evidence regarding possible side effects, we are not very confident in the results of the currently available studies, and we cannot be sure whether any type of laser therapy leads to more harm than benefits compared with no treatment or other treatments. How up to date is this review? We searched for studies published up to 23 March 2021.
 Banked preterm versus banked term human milk to promote growth and development in very low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background Human milk banking has been available in many countries for the last three decades. The milk provided from milk banking is predominantly term breast milk, but some milk banks provide preterm breast milk. There are a number of differences between donor term and donor preterm human milk. Objectives To determine the effect of banked donor preterm milk compared with banked donor term milk regarding growth and developmental outcomes in very low birth weight infants (infants weighing less than 1500 grams). Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 7), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 23 October 2018), Embase (1980 to 23 October 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 23 October 2018). We also searched clinical trial databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials . Selection criteria Randomised and quasi‐randomised trials comparing banked donor preterm milk with banked donor term milk regarding growth and developmental outcomes in very low birth weight infants Data collection and analysis We planned to perform assessment of methodology regarding blinding of randomisation, intervention and outcome measurements as well as completeness of follow‐up. We planned to evaluate treatment effect using a fixed‐effect model using relative risk (RR), relative risk reduction, risk difference (RD) and number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) or the number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) for categorical data; and using mean, standard deviation and weighted mean difference (WMD) for continuous data. We planned to use the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results No studies met the inclusion criteria. Authors' conclusions We found no evidence to support or refute the effect of banked donor preterm milk compared to banked term milk regarding growth and developmental outcomes in very low birth weight infants. Plain language summary Banked preterm versus banked term human milk to promote growth and development in very low birth weight infants Review question  When mother's own milk is not available or is insufficient, does feeding banked donor preterm milk compared to banked donor term milk result in improved growth and neurodevelopmental outcome in very low birthweight infants? Background  Donor‐expressed milk processed by human milk banks has been used to provide preterm infants with breast milk when there are circumstances that preclude the use of mother's own milk. Preterm milk differs significantly from term breast milk. The processes involved in providing donor milk, including freezing, thawing and pasteurisation has adverse effects on nutritional and non‐nutritional aspects of donor milk. Donor milk is expensive. We wished to determine whether the benefits of preterm donor milk were superior to term donor milk either as a sole diet, or as a supplement to mother's own milk. Study characteristics  We were unable to identify any studies that compared donor preterm milk with donor term milk to promote growth and development in very low birth weight infants. Evidence is up to date as of October 2018. Key results  We were unable to conclude that donor preterm milk was superior to term donor milk as there is no evidence to support or refute this question. However the lack of studies identified in the original review and now updated in this review means that it is extremely unlikely that any such study will be performed. Quality of evidence  There were no studies to make an assessment of quality of evidence.
 Medical and surgical interventions for the treatment of usual‐type vulval intraepithelial neoplasia;  Abstract - Background Usual‐type vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (uVIN) is a pre‐cancerous condition of the vulval skin. Also known as high‐grade VIN, VIN 2/3 or high‐grade vulval squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL), uVIN is associated with high‐risk subtype human papilloma virus (HPV) infection. The condition causes distressing vulval symptoms in the majority of affected women and may progress to vulval cancer, therefore is usually actively managed. There is no consensus on the optimal management of uVIN. High morbidity and recurrence rates associated with surgical treatments make less invasive treatments highly desirable. Objectives To determine which interventions are the most effective, safe and tolerable for treating women with uVIN. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Issue 8 2015, MEDLINE and EMBASE (up to 1 September 2015). We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed medical and surgical interventions in women with uVIN. If no RCTs were available, we included non‐randomised studies (NRSs) with concurrent comparison groups that controlled for baseline case mix in multivariate analysis. Data collection and analysis We used Cochrane methodology with two review authors independently extracting data and assessing risk of bias. Where possible, we synthesised data in meta‐analyses using random‐effects methods. Network meta‐analysis was not possible due to insufficient data. Main results We included six RCTs involving 327 women and five NRSs involving 648 women. The condition was variously named by investigators as uVIN, VIN2/3 or high‐grade VIN. Five RCTs evaluated medical treatments (imiquimod, cidofovir, indole‐3 carbinol), and six studies (one RCT and five NRSs) evaluated surgical treatments or photodynamic therapy. We judged two RCTs and four NRSs to be at a high or unclear risk of bias; we considered the others at relatively low risk of bias. Types of outcome measures reported in NRSs varied and we were unable to pool NRS data. Medical interventions:  Topical imiquimod was more effective than placebo in achieving a response (complete or partial) to treatment at five to six months post‐randomisation (three RCTs, 104 women; risk ratio (RR) 11.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.21 to 44.51;  high‐quality evidence ). At five to six months, a complete response occurred in 36/62 (58%) and 0/42 (0%) women in the imiquimod and placebo groups, respectively (RR 14.40, 95% CI 2.97 to 69.80). Moderate‐quality evidence suggested that the complete response was sustained at one year (one RCT, nine complete responses out of 52 women (38%)) and beyond, particularly in women with smaller VIN lesions. Histologically confirmed complete response rates with imiquimod versus cidofovir at six months were 45% (41/91) and 46% (41/89), respectively (one RCT, 180 women; RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.37;  moderate‐quality evidence ). Twelve‐month data from this trial are awaited; however, interim findings suggested that complete responses were sustained at 12 months. Only one trial reported vulval cancer at one year (1/24 and 2/23 in imiquimod and placebo groups, respectively). Adverse events were more common with imiquimod than placebo and dose reductions occurred more frequently in the imiquimod group than in the placebo group (two RCTs, 83 women; RR 7.77, 95% CI 1.61 to 37.36;  high‐quality evidence ). Headache, fatigue and discontinuation were slightly more common with imiquimod than cidofovir ( moderate‐quality evidence ). Quality of life scores reported in one trial (52 women) were not significantly different for imiquimod and placebo. The evidence of effectiveness of topical treatments in immunosuppressed women was scant. There was insufficient evidence on other medical interventions. Surgical and other interventions:  Low‐quality evidence from the best included NRS indicated, when data were adjusted for confounders, that there was little difference in the risk of VIN recurrence between surgical excision and laser vaporisation. Recurrence occurred in 51% (37/70) of women overall, at a median of 14 months, and was more common in multifocal than unifocal lesions (66% versus 34%). Vulval cancer occurred in 11 women (15.1%) overall at a median of 71.5 months (9 to 259 months). The risk of vulval cancer did not differ significantly between excision and laser vaporisation in any of the NRSs; however, events were too few for robust findings. Alternative surgical procedures that might be as effective include Cavitron ultrasonic surgical aspiration (CUSA) and loop electrosurgical excision (LEEP) procedures, based on low‐ to very low‐quality evidence, respectively. Very low‐quality evidence also suggested that photodynamic therapy may be a useful treatment option. We found one ongoing RCT of medical treatment (imiquimod) compared with surgical treatment. Authors' conclusions Topical treatment (imiquimod or cidofovir) may effectively treat about half of uVIN cases after a 16‐week course of treatment, but the evidence on whether this effect is sustained is limited. Factors predicting response to treatment are not clear, but small lesions may be more likely to respond. The relative risk of progression to vulval cancer is uncertain. However, imiquimod and cidofovir appear to be relatively well tolerated and may be favoured by some women over primary surgical treatment. There is currently no evidence on how medical treatment compares with surgical treatment. Women who undergo surgical treatment for uVIN have about a 50% chance of the condition recurring one year later, irrespective of whether treatment is by surgical excision or laser vaporisation. Multifocal uVIN lesions are at a higher risk of recurrence and progression, and pose greater therapeutic dilemmas than unifocal lesions. If occult cancer is suspected despite a biopsy diagnosis of uVIN, surgical excision remains the treatment of choice. If occult cancer is not a concern, treatment needs to be individualised to take into account the site and extent of disease, and a woman's preferences. Combined modalities may hold the key to optimal treatment of this complex disease. Plain language summary Medical and surgical treatments for usual‐type vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (uVIN) What is the issue? Usual‐type vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (uVIN) is a pre‐malignant condition affecting the vulval skin, which has the potential for progression to vulval cancer. Most patients have distressing symptoms that include itching, burning and soreness of the vulva, and painful intercourse. There may be white, brown, or red colour changes of the skin, breaks in the skin, or skin thickening. Usual‐type VIN is associated with infection with a virus called human papilloma virus (HPV or wart virus). Treatments are aimed at relieving distressing symptoms and ensuring that the condition does not become cancerous. The most common treatment option has been surgery to remove the affected skin areas. Surgery, however, does not guarantee a cure, can be disfiguring, and may result in physical and psychological problems. Alternatives include the use of laser technology to destroy the layer of affected skin, which may give better cosmetic results, but usually does not yield a specimen to exclude cancer. It may also be ineffective in treating uVIN that extends into hair follicles. Non‐surgical treatment alternatives include topical creams and gels, and HPV vaccines. This review aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of these treatments. What did we do?     We searched the literature from 1946 to September 2015 for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and non‐randomised studies (NRSs) of uVIN treatment. What did we find? We included six RCTs involving 327 women and five NRSs involving 648 women. Five RCTs evaluated medical treatments (imiquimod, cidofovir, indole‐3 carbinol), and six studies (one RCT and five NRSs) evaluated surgical treatments or photodynamic therapy. We pooled data from three similar trials involving 104 women and found topical imiquimod cream to be more effective than placebo in clearing uVIN after a 16‐week course (58% cleared with imiquimod versus 0% with placebo). Most studies did not include long‐term follow‐up, but findings from one small study suggested that most women in whom uVIN was completely cleared at six months were likely to sustain this response by 12 months and beyond; however, more evidence is needed. Moderate‐quality evidence suggested that topical cidofovir gel has a similar effect to imiquimod on clearing uVIN lesions at six months (complete response rates were 46% and 45%, respectively). Again, we are uncertain about the longer‐term effects and more evidence is needed. Side effects of imiquimod included vulval pain, redness and swelling, usually managed by reducing the frequency of applications. Headaches and tiredness occurred more frequently with imiquimod than cidofovir. The evidence for imiquimod was of moderate to high quality, and that for cidofovir was of moderate quality. Very few women were immunosuppressed, therefore we cannot be certain whether these topical treatments will be as effective in these patients. Low‐quality evidence showed that surgical excision and laser vaporisation were probably equally effective in removing uVIN lesions. However, uVIN recurrence after treatment was common, occurring in about half of women treated. The risk of vulval cancer did not differ significantly between these treatments, but there were too few cases for firm conclusions. Alternative surgical procedures that might be as effective include CUSA (ultrasonic surgical aspiration) and LEEP (loop electrosurgical excision procedure), based on low‐ to very low‐quality evidence, respectively. Very low‐quality evidence also suggested that photodynamic therapy may also be a useful treatment option. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of medical treatment versus surgery, or of other treatments, such as HPV vaccines; however, we identified five ongoing trials that may provide important evidence in the future. Our conclusions Imiquimod or cidofovir as a 16‐week course appears to be effective against uVIN in about half of women treated, but more evidence is needed to prove that this effect is sustained in the longer term. It remains unknown whether topical treatments are as effective as surgery. Surgical excision and laser vaporisation may be equally effective treatments for uVIN, but about half of women will experience uVIN recurrence after either treatment. If cancer is suspected, despite a diagnosis of uVIN, surgical excision remains the treatment of choice. If cancer is not suspected, treatment should be individualised, taking into account a woman's preferences. Long‐term follow‐up after any treatment is essential.
 Topical treatments for cutaneous warts;  Abstract - Background Viral warts are a common skin condition, which can range in severity from a minor nuisance that resolve spontaneously to a troublesome, chronic condition. Many different topical treatments are available. Objectives To evaluate the efficacy of local treatments for cutaneous non‐genital warts in healthy, immunocompetent adults and children. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to May 2011: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 2005), EMBASE (from 2010), AMED (from 1985), LILACS (from 1982), and CINAHL (from 1981). We searched reference lists of articles and online trials registries for ongoing trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of topical treatments for cutaneous non‐genital warts. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials and extracted data; a third author resolved any disagreements. Main results We included 85 trials involving a total of 8815 randomised participants (26 new studies were included in this update). There was a wide range of different treatments and a variety of trial designs. Many of the studies were judged to be at high risk of bias in one or more areas of trial design. Trials of salicylic acid (SA) versus placebo showed that the former significantly increased the chance of clearance of warts at all sites (RR (risk ratio) 1.56, 95% CI (confidence interval) 1.20 to 2.03). Subgroup analysis for different sites, hands (RR 2.67, 95% CI 1.43 to 5.01) and feet (RR 1.29, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.55), suggested it might be more effective for hands than feet. A meta‐analysis of cryotherapy versus placebo for warts at all sites favoured neither intervention nor control (RR 1.45, 95% CI 0.65 to 3.23). Subgroup analysis for different sites, hands (RR 2.63, 95% CI 0.43 to 15.94) and feet (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.26 to 3.07), again suggested better outcomes for hands than feet. One trial showed cryotherapy to be better than both placebo and SA, but only for hand warts. There was no significant difference in cure rates between cryotherapy at 2‐, 3‐, and 4‐weekly intervals. Aggressive cryotherapy appeared more effective than gentle cryotherapy (RR 1.90, 95% CI 1.15 to 3.15), but with increased adverse effects. Meta‐analysis did not demonstrate a significant difference in effectiveness between cryotherapy and SA at all sites (RR 1.23, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.71) or in subgroup analyses for hands and feet. Two trials with 328 participants showed that SA and cryotherapy combined appeared more effective than SA alone (RR 1.24, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.43). The benefit of intralesional bleomycin remains uncertain as the evidence was inconsistent. The most informative trial with 31 participants showed no significant difference in cure rate between bleomycin and saline injections (RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.92 to 1.78). Dinitrochlorobenzene was more than twice as effective as placebo in 2 trials with 80 participants (RR 2.12, 95% CI 1.38 to 3.26). Two trials of clear duct tape with 193 participants demonstrated no advantage over placebo (RR 1.43, 95% CI 0.51 to 4.05). We could not combine data from trials of the following treatments: intralesional 5‐fluorouracil, topical zinc, silver nitrate (which demonstrated possible beneficial effects), topical 5‐fluorouracil, pulsed dye laser, photodynamic therapy, 80% phenol, 5% imiquimod cream, intralesional antigen, and topical alpha‐lactalbumin‐oleic acid (which showed no advantage over placebo). We did not identify any RCTs that evaluated surgery (curettage, excision), formaldehyde, podophyllotoxin, cantharidin, diphencyprone, or squaric acid dibutylester. Authors' conclusions Data from two new trials comparing SA and cryotherapy have allowed a better appraisal of their effectiveness. The evidence remains more consistent for SA, but only shows a modest therapeutic effect. Overall, trials comparing cryotherapy with placebo showed no significant difference in effectiveness, but the same was also true for trials comparing cryotherapy with SA. Only one trial showed cryotherapy to be better than both SA and placebo, and this was only for hand warts. Adverse effects, such as pain, blistering, and scarring, were not consistently reported but are probably more common with cryotherapy. None of the other reviewed treatments appeared safer or more effective than SA and cryotherapy. Two trials of clear duct tape demonstrated no advantage over placebo. Dinitrochlorobenzene (and possibly other similar contact sensitisers) may be useful for the treatment of refractory warts. Plain language summary Topical treatments for skin warts Viral warts are a common skin disease, most frequently affecting the hands and feet, caused by the human papilloma virus. While warts are not harmful and usually go away in time without any treatment, they can be unsightly and painful. Warts on the soles of the feet are also called 'plantar warts' or 'verrucas'. This review did not cover the treatment of genital warts, and it only considered the evidence provided by the results of randomised controlled trials. Salicylic acid (SA), a cheap and easily‐available solution painted on to warts, had a definite but modest beneficial effect compared to placebo. It is effective for warts at all sites and has few adverse effects, but it may take several weeks of daily use to work. Cryotherapy, usually using liquid nitrogen, is often used for the treatment of warts, but it is less convenient, more painful, and also more expensive. One study suggested that there is evidence that cryotherapy is better than SA for warts on the hands, but when we combined this study with our other results, we were unable to confirm this. We found that more aggressive cryotherapy appears to be more effective than gentle cryotherapy, but with an increased risk of adverse effects, such as pain, blistering, and scarring. We only looked at information from clinical trials of cryotherapy and not over‐the‐counter freezing treatments for warts, so we cannot say if these are as effective. During the production of the last version of this review, duct tape had gained favour as it is a safe and simple treatment that is easy to apply; however, the trial on which this was based was relatively small. In this updated review, we found two further trials of duct tape that suggested that this treatment is not as effective as first thought. Other treatments covered by this review include 5‐fluorouracil, dinitrochlorobenzene, intralesional bleomycin, intralesional interferon, photodynamic therapy, and intralesional antigen. None of these treatments are used commonly, even by skin specialists, and there is much less evidence for their effectiveness. The limited available evidence we do have suggests that some of these treatments may be effective and could therefore be used for warts that have not responded to simpler, safer treatments, such as salicylic acid or cryotherapy. Overall, providing a useful idea of 'what works' from such a wide range of studies was difficult as many studies were of poor quality.
 Topical silver for preventing wound infection;  Abstract - Background Silver‐containing treatments are popular and used in wound treatments to combat a broad spectrum of pathogens, but evidence of their effectiveness in preventing wound infection or promoting healing is lacking. Objectives To establish the effects of silver‐containing wound dressings and topical agents in preventing wound infection and healing of wounds. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (6 May 2009); The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2009 Issue 2); Ovid MEDLINE (1950 to April Week 4 2009); Ovid EMBASE (1980 to 2009 Week 18); EBSCO CINAHL (1982 to April Week 4 2009) and Digital Dissertations (to May 2009) for relevant trials. We contacted manufacturers and distributors. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing silver‐containing wound dressings and topical agents with silver‐containing and non silver‐containing comparators on uninfected wounds. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data. Main results We identified 26 RCTs (2066 patients). Heterogeneity of treatments and outcomes precluded meta‐analysis. We grouped results according to wound type, and silver preparation. Burns Thirteen trials compared topical silver (in a variety of formulations ‐ including silver sulphadiazine (SSD) cream) with non‐silver dressings. One trial showed fewer infections with silver nitrate when compared with a non‐silver dressing, but three trials showed significantly more infection with SSD than with the non‐silver dressing. Six trials compared SSD cream with silver‐containing dressings. One showed significantly fewer infections with the silver‐containing dressing (Hydron AgSD) compared with SSD, the remaining five found no evidence of a difference. One trial compared two silver‐containing dressings, and showed a significantly lower infection rate with silver‐coated gauze (Acticoat®) than with silver nitrate gauze. Other wounds Six trials compared SSD/silver‐containing dressings with non‐silver dressings (nine dressings in total). Most comparisons (seven) found no significant differences in infection rates; one trial in a variety of wounds exhibited significantly fewer infections with SSD/hydrocolloid, but another, in acute wounds, found significantly more infections with SSD. Only one comparison showed a significant reduction in healing time associated with a silver‐containing hydrofibre dressing in diabetic foot ulcers.  Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to establish whether silver‐containing dressings or topical agents promote wound healing or prevent wound infection; some poor quality evidence for SSD suggests the opposite. Plain language summary Probable that silver‐containing dressings and creams do not prevent wound infection or promote healing  Wound dressings and creams containing silver are widely used. It is thought that silver may help wounds to heal faster and prevent infection, but we did not know if this was true. This review identified 26 trials (involving 2066 participants) comparing silver‐containing dressings or creams against dressings or creams that did not contain silver. Twenty of the trials were on burn wounds, while the other trials were on a mixture of wound types. Most studies were small and of poor quality. After examining them all, the authors concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of silver‐containing dressings or creams, as generally these treatments did not promote wound healing or prevent wound infections. Some evidence from a number of small, poor‐quality studies suggested that one silver‐containing compound (silver sulphadiazine) has no effect on infection, and actually slows down healing in patients with partial‐thickness burns.
 Herbal medicine for low‐back pain;  Abstract - Background Low‐back pain (LBP) is a common condition and imposes a substantial economic burden upon people living in industrialized societies. A large proportion of people with chronic LBP use complementary and alternative medicine (CAM), visit CAM practitioners, or both. Several herbal medicines have been purported for use in treating people with LBP. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2006. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of herbal medicine for non‐specific LBP. Search methods We searched the following electronic databases up to September 2014: MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, CINAHL, Clinical Trials.gov, World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Portal and PubMed; checked reference lists in review articles, guidelines and retrieved trials; and personally contacted individuals with expertise in this area. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining adults (over 18 years of age) suffering from acute, sub‐acute, or chronic non‐specific LBP. The interventions were herbal medicines which we defined as plants used for medicinal purposes in any form. Primary outcome measures were pain and function. Data collection and analysis A library scientist with the Cochrane Back Review Group conducted the database searches. One review author contacted content experts and acquired relevant citations. We downloaded full references and abstracts of the identified studies and retrieved a hard copy of each study for final inclusion decisions. Two review authors assessed risk of bias, GRADE criteria ( GRADE 2004 ), and CONSORT compliance and a random subset were compared to assessments by a third individual. Two review authors assessed clinical relevance and resolved any disagreements by consensus. Main results We included 14 RCTs (2050 participants) in this review. One trial on  Solidago chilensis M.  (Brazilian arnica) (20 participants) found very low quality evidence of reduction in perception of pain and improved flexibility with application of Brazilian arnica‐containing gel twice daily as compared to placebo gel.  Capsicum frutescens  cream or plaster probably produces more favourable results than placebo in people with chronic LBP (three trials, 755 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). Based on current evidence, it is not clear whether topical capsicum cream is more beneficial for treating people with acute LBP compared to placebo (one trial, 40 participants,  low quality evidence ). Another trial found equivalence of  C. frutescens  cream to a homeopathic ointment (one trial, 161 participants,  very low quality evidence ). Daily doses of  Harpagophytum procumbens  (devil's claw), standardized to 50 mg or 100 mg harpagoside, may be better than placebo for short‐term improvements in pain and may reduce use of rescue medication (two trials, 315 participants,  low quality evidence ). Another  H. procumbens  trial demonstrated relative equivalence to 12.5 mg per day of rofecoxib (Vioxx®) but was of very low quality (one trial, 88 participants,  very low quality ). Daily doses of  Salix alba  (white willow bark), standardized to 120 mg or 240 mg salicin, are probably better than placebo for short‐term improvements in pain and rescue medication (two trials, 261 participants,  moderate quality evidence ). An additional trial demonstrated relative equivalence to 12.5 mg per day of rofecoxib (one trial, 228 participants) but was graded as very low quality evidence.  S. alba  minimally affected platelet thrombosis versus a cardioprotective dose of acetylsalicylate (one trial, 51 participants). One trial (120 participants) examining  Symphytum officinale L.  (comfrey root extract) found low quality evidence that a Kytta‐Salbe comfrey extract ointment is better than placebo ointment for short‐term improvements in pain as assessed by VAS. Aromatic lavender essential oil applied by acupressure may reduce subjective pain intensity and improve lateral spine flexion and walking time compared to untreated participants (one trial, 61 participants, very low quality evidence ). No significant adverse events were noted within the included trials. Authors' conclusions C. frutescens  (Cayenne) reduces pain more than placebo. Although  H. procumbens ,  S. alba ,  S. officinale L. ,  S. chilensis , and lavender essential oil also seem to reduce pain more than placebo, evidence for these substances was of moderate quality at best. Additional well‐designed large trials are needed to test these herbal medicines against standard treatments. In general, the completeness of reporting in these trials was poor. Trialists should refer to the CONSORT statement extension for reporting trials of herbal medicine interventions. Plain language summary Herbal medicine for low‐back pain Review question We examined the evidence regarding the effect of herbal medicine on pain in people with non‐specific low‐back pain (LBP). Background   Back pain is common and up to 35% of the population can be affected in a given month. Non‐specific LBP is defined as pain between the lowest rib and the bottom of the buttocks that is not caused by serious, underlying problems such as rheumatoid arthritis, infection, fracture, cancer, or sciatica due to a ruptured disc or other pressure on nerves. Herbal medicines taken orally or applied to the skin are being used to treat many conditions including back pain. Study characteristics   Researchers from the Cochrane Collaboration examined the evidence available up to August 5, 2013. Fourteen studies tested six herbal medications and included 2050 adults with non‐specific acute or chronic LBP. Two oral herbal medications,  Harpagophytum procumbens  (devil's claw) and  Salix alba  (white willow bark), were compared to placebo (fake or sham pills) or to rofecoxib (Vioxx®). Three topical creams, plasters, or gels,  Capsicum frutescens  (cayenne),  Symphytum officinale  L. (comfrey), and  Solidago chilensis  (Brazilian arnica), were compared to placebo creams or plasters and a homeopathic gel. One essential oil, lavender, was compared to no treatment. The average age of people included in the trials was 52 years and studies usually lasted three weeks. Key results   Devil's claw, in a standardized daily dose of 50 mg or 100 mg harpagoside, may reduce pain more than placebo; a standardized daily dose of 60 mg reduced pain about the same as a daily dose of 12.5 mg of Vioxx®. While willow bark, in a standardized daily dose of 120 mg and 240 mg of salicin reduced pain more than placebo; a standardized daily dose of 240 mg reduced pain about the same as a daily dose of 12.5 mg of Vioxx® (a non‐steroidal, anti‐inflammatory drug). Cayenne was tested in several forms: in plaster form, it reduced pain more than placebo and about the same as the homeopathic gel Spiroflor SLR. Two other ointment‐based medications,  S. officinale  and  S. chilensis  appeared to reduce perception of pain more than placebo creams. Lavender essential oil applied by acupressure appeared effective in reducing pain and improving flexibility compared to conventional treatment. Adverse effects were reported, but appeared to be primarily confined to mild, transient gastrointestinal complaints or skin irritations. Quality of the evidence   Most included trials were at low risk of bias and the quality of the evidence was mainly very low to moderate. A moderate grade of evidence was only found for  C. frutescens . Trials only tested the effects of short term use (up to six weeks). Authors of eight of the included trials had a potential conflict of interest and four other authors did not disclose conflicts of interest. Vioxx® has been withdrawn from the market because of adverse effects, so all three substances should be compared to readily‐available pain medications, such as nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and acetaminophen, for relative effectiveness and safety. Conclusion   Low to moderate quality evidence shows that four herbal medicines may reduce pain in acute and chronic LBP in the short‐term and have few side effects. There is no evidence yet that any of these substances are safe or efficacious for long‐term use. Large, well‐designed trials are needed to further test the efficacy of these interventions.
 Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus;  Abstract - Background Dietary advice is the main strategy for managing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It remains unclear what type of advice is best. Objectives To assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM for improving health outcomes for women and babies. Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (8 March 2016),  PSANZ 's Trials Registry (22 March 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials comparing the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed study eligibility, risk of bias, and extracted data. Evidence quality for two comparisons was assessed using GRADE, for primary outcomes for the mother: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; caesarean section; type 2 diabetes mellitus; and child: large‐for‐gestational age; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality or morbidity composite; neurosensory disability; secondary outcomes for the mother: induction of labour; perineal trauma; postnatal depression; postnatal weight retention or return to pre‐pregnancy weight; and child: hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes mellitus. Main results In this update, we included 19 trials randomising 1398 women with GDM, at an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias (10 comparisons). For outcomes assessed using GRADE, downgrading was based on study limitations, imprecision and inconsistency. Where no findings are reported below for primary outcomes or pre‐specified GRADE outcomes, no data were provided by included trials. Primary outcomes Low‐moderate glycaemic index (GI) versus moderate‐high GI diet (four trials):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 2.34; two trials, 89 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); severe hypertension or pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.86; one trial, 95 women;  very low‐quality evidence ); eclampsia (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14; one trial, 83 women;  very low‐quality evidence ) or caesarean section (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.47; one trial, 63 women;  low‐quality evidence ). Energy‐restricted versus no energy‐restricted diet (three trials):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.65 to 2.12; one trial, 123 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); perinatal mortality (no events; two trials, 423 infants;  low‐quality evidence ); pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.97; one trial, 117 women;  low‐quality evidence ); or caesarean section (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.56; two trials, 420 women;  low‐quality evidence ). DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet versus control diet (three trials):  no clear differences observed for: pre‐eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.31 to 3.26; three trials, 136 women); however there were fewer caesarean sections in the DASH diet group (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.76; two trials, 86 women). Low‐carbohydrate versus high‐carbohydrate diet (two trials):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.95; one trial, 149 infants); perinatal mortality (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.49; one trial, 150 infants); maternal hypertension (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.22; one trial, 150 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.99; two trials, 179 women). High unsaturated fat versus low unsaturated fat diet (two trials):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.37; one trial, 27 infants); pre‐eclampsia (no cases; one trial, 27 women); hypertension in pregnancy (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.06 to 5.26; one trial, 27 women); caesarean section (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.50; one trial, 27 women); diabetes at one to two weeks (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.45 to 8.94; one trial, 24 women) or four to 13 months postpartum (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.10 to 9.61; one trial, six women). Low‐GI versus high‐fibre moderate‐GI diet (one trial):  no clear differences seen for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 2.87, 95% CI 0.61 to 13.50; 92 infants); caesarean section (RR 1.91, 95% CI 0.91 to 4.03; 92 women); or type 2 diabetes at three months postpartum (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.11 to 5.01; 58 women). Diet recommendation plus diet‐related behavioural advice versus diet recommendation only (one trial):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.14; 99 infants); or caesarean section (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.62; 99 women). Soy protein‐enriched versus no soy protein diet (one trial):  no clear differences seen for: pre‐eclampsia (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.19 to 21.03; 68 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.77; 68 women). High‐fibre versus standard‐fibre diet (one trial):  no primary outcomes reported. Ethnic‐specific versus standard healthy diet (one trial):  no clear differences observed for: large‐for‐gestational age (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.45; 20 infants); neonatal composite adverse outcome (no events; 20 infants); gestational hypertension (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.02 to 7.32; 20 women); or caesarean birth (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.54 to 2.67; 20 women). Secondary outcomes For secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE no differences were observed: between a low‐moderate and moderate‐high GI diet for induction of labour (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.34; one trial, 63 women;  low‐quality evidence ); or an energy‐restricted and no energy‐restricted diet for induction of labour (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.53; one trial, 114 women,  low‐quality evidence ) and neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.48 to 2.32; two trials, 408 infants;  very low‐quality evidence ). Few other clear differences were observed for reported outcomes. Longer‐term health outcomes and health services use and costs were largely not reported. Authors' conclusions Evidence from 19 trials assessing different types of dietary advice for women with GDM suggests no clear differences for primary outcomes and secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE, except for a possible reduction in caesarean section for women receiving a DASH diet compared with a control diet. Few differences were observed for secondary outcomes. Current evidence is limited by the small number of trials in each comparison, small sample sizes, and variable methodological quality. More evidence is needed to assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. Future trials should be adequately powered to evaluate short‐ and long‐term outcomes. Plain language summary Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus What is the issue? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a carbohydrate intolerance resulting in excess of sugar in the blood (hyperglycaemia) that begins or is first recognised during pregnancy. Dietary counselling or advice is the main strategy for helping women manage GDM, but it is not clear what dietary advice is best. In this review we set out to determine what dietary advice for women with GDM is best for reducing health complications for women and their babies. Why is this important? Women with GDM are at increased risk of developing high blood pressure and pre‐eclampsia (high blood pressure with swelling and protein in the urine) during pregnancy. The babies can grow large for their gestational age. As a result, they may be injured at birth, or cause injury to their mothers during the birth. The babies are more likely to have their birth induced or be born by caesarean section. Both the women and their babies are at increased risk of long‐term health problems including type 2 diabetes and disability. What evidence did we find? We searched the medical literature on 8 March 2016 and for this updated review we included 19 randomised controlled trials involving 1398 women with GDM and their babies. The overall risk of bias of the trials was unclear or moderate because of methodological limitations and the quality of the evidence was low or very low. The studies were generally small, few compared the same or similar interventions, and the outcomes they reported on were not comprehensive. Ten different dietary advice comparisons were included. These were: 1) a low‐moderate glycaemic index (GI) diet with a moderate‐high GI diet (four trials); 2) an energy‐restricted diet with a diet with no energy restriction (three trials); 3) a 'Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)' diet rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low‐fat dairy products with a control diet (three trials); 4) a low‐carbohydrate diet with a high‐carbohydrate diet (two trials); 5) a high unsaturated fat diet with a low unsaturated fat diet (two trials); 6) a low‐GI diet with a high‐fibre moderate‐GI diet (one trial); 7) diet recommendations and diet‐related behavioural advice with diet recommendations only (one trial); 8) a soy protein‐enriched diet with a diet with no soy protein (one trial); 9) a high‐fibre diet with a standard‐fibre diet (one trial); and 10) an ethnic‐specific diet with a standard healthy diet (one trial). The review found no clear differences between the different types of dietary advice on the number of women with high blood pressure during pregnancy including pre‐eclampsia (nine trials in six different diet comparisons), large‐for‐gestational age babies (eight trials in seven different diet comparisons), perinatal deaths including stillbirth and death around the time of the birth (three trials in two different diet comparisons), type 2 diabetes development for the mother (two trials in two different diet comparisons), and a composite outcome of neonatal deaths or ill‐health (one trial in one diet comparison). No clear difference was seen in the number of babies delivered by caesarean section (10 trials in eight different diet comparisons) except for a reduction with a DASH diet. None of the included trials reported on later disability during childhood for the babies. A range of other outcomes were looked at with no consistent differences reported between the different types of dietary advice. Outcomes related to longer‐term health for women and their babies, and the use and costs of health services were largely not reported. What does this mean? Dietary advice is the main strategy for managing GDM, however it remains unclear what type of advice is best. Conclusive evidence from randomised controlled trials is not yet available to guide practice, although a wide range of dietary advice interventions have been investigated. Few trials have compared the same or similar interventions, trials have been small and have reported limited findings. Further large, well‐designed, randomised controlled trials are required to assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM for improving health outcomes for women and their babies in the short and long term.
 Interventions for preventing late postnatal mother‐to‐child transmission of HIV;  Abstract - Background Worldwide, mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT) of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV) represents the most common means by which children acquire HIV infection.  Efficacious and effective interventions to prevent  in utero  and intrapartum transmission of HIV infection have been developed and implemented.  However, a large proportion of MTCT of HIV occurs postnatally, through breast milk transmission.  Objectives The objectives of this systematic review were to collate and assess the evidence regarding interventions to decrease late postnatal MTCT of HIV, and to determine the efficacy of such interventions in decreasing late postnatal MTCT of HIV, increasing overall survival, and increasing HIV‐free survival.  Search methods Electronic searches were undertaken using PubMed, EMBASE and other databases for 1980‐2008.  Hand searches of reference lists of pertinent reviews and studies, as well as abstracts from relevant conferences, were also conducted.  Experts in the field were contacted to locate any other studies.  The search strategy was iterative.     Selection criteria Randomized clinical trials assessing the efficacy of interventions to prevent MTCT of HIV through breast milk were included in the analysis.  Other trials and intervention cohort studies with relevant data also were included, but only when randomization was not feasible due to the nature of the intervention (i.e., infant feeding modality).  Data collection and analysis Data regarding HIV infection status and vital status of infants born to HIV‐infected women, according to intervention, were extracted from the reports of the studies. Main results Six randomized clinical trials and one intervention cohort study were included in this review.  Two trials addressed the issue of shortening the duration of (or eliminating) exposure to breast milk. In a trial of breastfeeding versus formula feeding, formula feeding was efficacious in preventing MTCT of HIV (the cumulative probability of HIV infection at 24 months was 36.7% in the breastfeeding arm and 20.5% in the formula arm [p = 0.001]), but the mortality and malnutrition rates during the first two years of life were similar in the two groups.  In a trial of early cessation of breastfeeding, HIV‐free survival was similar between those children who ceased breastfeeding abruptly around four months of age and those who continued breastfeeding.  Another trial addressing vitamin supplementation found more cases of HIV infection among children of mothers in the vitamin A arm.  Efficacy for other vitamin supplements was not shown.  An intervention cohort study evaluated the risk of MTCT by six months of age according to infant feeding modality, and found increased risks of MTCT among breastfed children who also received solids any time after birth (hazard ratio = 10.87, 1.51‐78.00, p = 0.018). Cumulative 3‐month mortality among formula fed infants was higher than among exclusively breastfed infants (hazard ratio = 2.06, 1.00‐4.27, p = 0.051). Three trials evaluated antiretroviral prophylaxis to breastfeeding infants. In one trial conducted in Botswana, mothers received zidovudine prophylaxis beginning at 34 weeks gestation and during labor, and mother and infants were randomized to receive a two‐dose nevirapine regimen or placebo.  Infants were randomized to six months of breastfeeding with zidovudine prophylaxis (breastfeeding+zidovudine) or formula feeding with one month of infant zidovudine (formula+zidovudine). Mothers were instructed to initiate and complete weaning between five and six months of age. Breastfeeding+zidovudine (transmission rate = 9.0%) was not as effective as formula+zidovudine (transmission rate 5.6%) in preventing late postnatal HIV transmission (p = 0.04).  Breastfeeding+zidovudine and formula+zidovudine had comparable HIV‐free survival rates at 18 months (p = 0.60). Two trials of extended infant nevirapine prophylaxis demonstrated efficacy.  In the first (data combined from trials conducted in three different countries), a six‐week course of nevirapine resulted in a lower risk of HIV transmission by six weeks of age (p=0.009), but not at six months of age (p = 0.016).  In the second, mothers were counseled to breastfeed exclusively for six months and to consider weaning thereafter.  Nevirapine administration until 14 weeks of age (5.2%) or nevirapine with zidovudine until 14 weeks of age (6.4%) resulted in significantly lower risks of MTCT of HIV by 9 months of age than a control regimen of two‐dose nevirapine prophylaxis (10.6%) (p < 0.001).  HIV‐free survival was significantly better through the age of 9 months in both extended prophylaxis groups, and through the age of 15 months in the extended nevirapine group.   Authors' conclusions Complete avoidance of breastfeeding is efficacious in preventing MTCT of HIV, but this intervention has significant associated morbidity (e.g., diarrheal morbidity if formula is prepared without clean water).  If breastfeeding is initiated, two interventions 1). exclusive breastfeeding during the first few months of life;  and 2)  extended antiretroviral prophylaxis to the infant (nevirapine alone, or nevirapine with zidovudine) are efficacious in preventing transmission.  Plain language summary Transmission of HIV from mother to child through breast milk Mother‐to‐child transmission (MTCT) of HIV is the primary way that children become infected with HIV.  Such transmission can take place when the child is still in the mother’s womb, around the time of birth, or through breastfeeding after birth.  Hundreds of thousands of children are infected this way every year, with most of them in developing countries.  Major progress has been made in preventing MTCT when the baby is still in the mother’s womb, or around the time the baby is born.  In many resource‐rich settings, mothers with HIV infection are counseled not to breastfeed their children, and there are feasible and affordable alternatives to breastfeeding.  However, in parts of the world where the vast majority of mothers with HIV infection live, complete avoidance of breastfeeding is often not feasible (for example, because of the lack of availability of clean water and of affordable replacement feeding).  Therefore, interventions to prevent transmission of HIV infection through breast milk are urgently needed.  The authors found that, in addition to complete avoidance of breastfeeding if safe and affordable, exclusive breastfeeding (where the baby receives only breast milk) for the first few months of life helps prevent transmission (as compared to breastfeeding supplemented by feeding the baby other liquids or solids).  Another intervention, giving the baby an anti‐HIV medicine (antiretroviral) while breastfeeding, decreases the risk of transmission of HIV from mother to child. Implementation of such interventions, as well as developing more and better interventions, is essential.
 Medical interventions for high‐grade vulval intraepithelial neoplasia;  Abstract - Background This is an updated version of a review first published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Issue 4 , in 2011. Vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN) is a pre‐cancerous condition of the vulval skin and its incidence is increasing in women under 50 years. High‐grade VIN (also called usual‐type VIN (uVIN) or VIN 2/3 or high‐grade vulval intraepithelial lesion) is associated with human papilloma virus (HPV) infection and may progress to vulval cancer, therefore is usually actively managed. There is no consensus on the optimal management of high‐grade VIN; and the high morbidity and relapse rates associated with surgical interventions make less invasive interventions highly desirable. Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of medical (non‐surgical) interventions for high‐grade VIN. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Gynaecological Cancer Group Trials Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2015, Issue 3), MEDLINE and EMBASE (up to 30 March 2015). We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed non‐surgical interventions in women diagnosed with high‐grade VIN. Data collection and analysis We used Cochrane methodology with two review authors independently abstracting data and assessing risk of bias. Where possible, we synthesised data in meta‐analyses using random effects methods. Main results Five trials involving 297 women with high‐grade VIN (defined by trial investigators as VIN 2/3 or VIN 3 or 'high‐grade' lesions) met our inclusion criteria: three trials assessed the effectiveness of topical imiquimod versus placebo; one assessed topical cidofovir versus topical imiquimod; and one assessed low‐ versus high‐dose indole‐3‐carbinol in similar types of participants. Three trials were at a moderate to low risk of bias, two were at a potentially high risk of bias. Meta‐analysis of the three trials comparing topical imiquimod 5% cream to placebo found that women in the active treatment group were more likely to show an overall response (complete and partial response) to treatment at five to six months compared with the placebo group (Risk Ratio (RR) 11.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.21 to 44.51; participants = 104; studies = 3; I 2  = 0%; high‐quality evidence). A complete response at five to six months occurred in 36/62 (58%) and 0/42 (0%) participants in the active and placebo groups, respectively (RR 14.40, 95% CI 2.97 to 69.80; participants = 104; studies = 3; I 2  = 0%; high‐quality evidence). A single trial reported 12‐month follow‐up, which revealed a sustained effect in overall response in favour of the active treatment arm at 12 months (RR 9.10, 95% CI 2.38 to 34.77; moderate‐quality evidence), with 9/24 (38%) and 0/23 (0%) complete responses recorded in the active and placebo groups respectively. Progression to vulval cancer was also documented in this trial (one versus two participants in the active and placebo groups, respectively) and we assessed this evidence as low‐quality. Only one trial reported adverse events, including erythema, erosion, pain and pruritis at the site of the lesion, which were more common in the imiquimod group. Dose reductions occurred more frequently in the active treatment group compared with the placebo group (19/47 versus 1/36 participants; RR 7.77, 95% CI 1.61 to 37.36; participants = 83; studies = 2; I 2  = 0%; high‐quality evidence). Only one trial reported quality of life (QoL) and there were no significant differences between the imiquimod and placebo groups. For the imiquimod versus cidofovir trial, 180 women contributed data. The overall response at six months was similar for the imiquimod and cidofovir treatment groups with 52/91 (57%) versus 55/89 (62%) participants responding, respectively (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.18; moderate‐quality evidence). A complete response occurred in 41 women in each group (45% and 46%, respectively; RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.37; moderate‐quality evidence). Although not statistically different, total adverse events were slightly more common in the imiquimod group of this trial with slightly more discontinuations occurring in this group. Longer term response data from this trial are expected. The small trial comparing two doses of indole‐3‐carbinol contributed limited data. We identified five ongoing randomised trials of various interventions for high‐grade VIN. Authors' conclusions Topical imiquimod appears to be a safe and effective treatment for high‐grade VIN, even though local side‐effects may necessitate dose reductions. However, longer term follow‐up data are needed to corroborate the limited evidence that response to treatment is sustained, and to assess any effect on progression to vulval cancer. Available evidence suggests that topical cidofovir may be a good alternative to imiquimod; however, more evidence is needed, particularly regarding the relative effectiveness on longer term response and progression. We await the longer‐term response data and the results of the five ongoing trials. Plain language summary Comparison of non‐surgical treatments for women diagnosed with high‐grade VIN (precancerous changes of the vulva related to HPV‐infection) Background This is an update of a Cochrane review previously published in 2011. Vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN) is a skin condition affecting the vulval skin, which, if left untreated, may become cancerous. Distressing symptoms include itching, burning, and soreness of the vulva or painful intercourse. There may be discolouration and various other visible changes to the vulval skin. There are two types of VIN: the most common type (now known as usual‐type VIN or uVIN) is associated with infection of the cells of the vulva with a virus called human papilloma virus (HPV or wart virus), whereas the other type (known as differentiated‐type VIN) is not associated with this viral infection. As HPV infection is common, uVIN is becoming more common in younger women (under 50 years of age). At the moment treatments are aimed at relief of distressing symptoms and to ensure that the condition does not become cancerous.The most common treatment option for women with this condition has been surgery to remove the affected skin areas. Surgery, however, does not guarantee a cure, can be disfiguring, and may result in physical and psychological problems in younger women who are sexually active. Potential non‐surgical treatment options include imiquimod, indole‐3‐carbinol, cidofovir, IFN‐α and HPV vaccines. These mainly work by enhancing the body's immune system. The purpose of this review was to assess the effectiveness and safety of these non‐surgical treatments. Methods   The previous version of this review included four randomised controlled trials. We updated the literature search from September 2010 to March 2015 and identified one new completed trial and five ongoing trials to add to the review. Findings In total, we included five randomised controlled trials involving 297 women. Three trials assessed imiquimod compared with placebo, one trial assessed imiquimod compared with cidofovir, and one compared two different doses of indole‐3‐carbinol. We pooled data from the three similar trials involving 104 women and found imiquimod to be more effective in clearing high‐grade VIN lesions by six months than placebo. Most studies did not include longer term follow‐up, but findings from one study suggested that women in whom VIN was completely cleared at six months were likely to sustain this response by 12 months. This single study showed no difference in rates of progression to cancer between study groups. We are uncertain about these longer‐term findings and would like them to be corroborated by other trials. We found limited evidence on side‐effects. However, evidence from one study found that side‐effects, such as pain and itching of the skin over the vulva, occurred more frequently among women in the imiquimod group compared with the placebo group, and were usually managed by reducing the frequency of applications. The trial comparing imiquimod with cidofovir involved 180 women. These topical treatments appeared to be similarly effective at six months. However, there were no longer term results available for this trial. The trial of indole‐3‐carbinol was a small trial of only 13 women that compared two different doses of the medication and we could not draw any conclusions about this treatment. We found no evidence on the effectiveness of other treatments, such as HPV vaccines to treat high‐grade VIN; however, we identified five ongoing trials that may provide important evidence in the future. Conclusions Imiquimod appears to be effective and reasonably safe for the treatment of VIN, and cidofovir shows considerable promise, but more research is needed. In particular, more evidence is needed on longer term effectiveness of both treatments, and on the risk of VIN progressing to vulval cancer after treatment.
 Oral protein calorie supplementation for children with chronic disease;  Abstract - Background Poor growth and nutritional status are common in children with chronic diseases. Oral protein calorie supplements are used to improve nutritional status in these children. These expensive products may be associated with some adverse effects, e.g. the development of inappropriate eating behaviour patterns. This is a new update of a Cochrane review last updated in 2009. Objectives To examine evidence that in children with chronic disease, oral protein calorie supplements alter daily nutrient intake, nutritional indices, survival and quality of life and are associated with adverse effects, e.g. diarrhoea, vomiting, reduced appetite, glucose intolerance, bloating and eating behaviour problems. Search methods Trials of oral protein calorie supplements in children with chronic diseases were identified through comprehensive electronic database searches, handsearching relevant journals and abstract books of conference proceedings. Companies marketing these products were also contacted. Most recent search of the Group's Trials Register: 24 February 2015. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing oral protein calorie supplements for at least one month to increase calorie intake with existing conventional therapy (including advice on improving nutritional intake from food or no specific intervention) in children with chronic disease. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed the outcomes: indices of nutrition and growth; anthropometric measures of body composition; calorie and nutrient intake (total from oral protein calorie supplements and food); eating behaviour; compliance; quality of life; specific adverse effects; disease severity scores; and mortality; we also assessed the risk of bias in the included trials. Main results Four studies (187 children) met the inclusion criteria. Three studies were carried out in children with cystic fibrosis and one study included children with paediatric malignant disease. Overall there was a low risk of bias for blinding and incomplete outcome data.Two studies had a high risk of bias for allocation concealment. Few statistical differences were found in the outcomes we assessed between treatment and control groups, except change in total energy intake at six and 12 months, mean difference 304.86 kcal per day (95% confidence interval 5.62 to 604.10) and mean difference 265.70 kcal per day (95% confidence interval 42.94 to 485.46), respectively. However, these were based on the analysis of just 58 children in only one study. Only two chronic diseases were included in these analyses, cystic fibrosis and paediatric malignant disease. No other studies were identified which assessed the effectiveness of oral protein calorie supplements in children with other chronic diseases. Authors' conclusions Oral protein calorie supplements are widely used to improve the nutritional status of children with a number of chronic diseases. We identified a small number of studies assessing these products in children with cystic fibrosis and paediatric malignant disease, but were unable to draw any conclusions based on the limited data extracted. We recommend a series of large, randomised controlled trials be undertaken investigating the use of these products in children with different chronic diseases. Until further data are available, we suggest these products are used with caution. Plain language summary The use of oral protein calorie supplements in children with chronic disease Background A lack of growth and poor nutrition are common in children with chronic diseases like cystic fibrosis and paediatric cancer. This may be due to reduced appetite, poor absorption and the need for extra calories due to the disease. Oral protein calorie supplements, either as milk or juices, may improve nutritional status and help children gain weight. Side effects of taking these supplements include the risk that the protein and calories in the supplement end up replacing those from normal food and have a negative effect on eating behaviour and physical side effects (e.g. bloating, vomiting and diarrhoea). Search date The evidence is current to: 24 February 2015. Study characteristics We looked for trials of oral protein calorie supplements compared to usual treatment or no alternative treatment where the children took the supplements for at least one month. The review included four trials with 187 children; in three of these the children had cystic fibrosis and in one they had cancer. Studies lasted from three months to one year. We recorded the results and judged whether the trials were at risk of being biased based on the design or the way it was run. We looked at outcomes such as weight and height, calorie intake, behaviour and also side effects. Key results One study (with 58 children) showed increases in the total calories consumed at both six and 12 months. None of the other outcomes we looked at showed any difference between treatments. This is an updated version of the review, which found no conclusive evidence to support the use of oral protein supplements. We suggest that at least one high quality trial be conducted.Therefore, we suggest that these products are used sparingly and with caution. Quality of the evidence Overall the included studies had a low risk of bias, except for two studies in which it was possible that the organisers knew which treatment group in which the children would be placed. These issues are unlikely to change the results as knowing which treatment one receives is unlikely to affect the results of body measurements (e.g. weight, height outcomes). All planned outcomes were reported on, with the exception of one study that did not report on eating behaviour and lipase intake which were measured. The quality of the results for the eating behaviour assessment was questionable and many of the children did not return the food diaries from which the lipase intake could be calculated.
 Probiotic treatment for women with gestational diabetes to improve maternal and infant health and well‐being;  Abstract - Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance first recognised during pregnancy and associated with complications for mothers and babies. Probiotics are naturally occurring micro‐organisms, which when ingested in adequate amounts, may confer health benefits. Evidence of the role of probiotics as treatment for GDM is limited. Objectives To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in treating women with GDM on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register  ClinicalTrials.gov , WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (24 July 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of probiotics versus placebo/standard care for the treatment of GDM. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, checked data accuracy, and assessed risk of bias of included trials. The certainty of evidence for selected maternal and infant/child outcomes was assessed using GRADE. Main results Nine RCTs (695 pregnant women with GDM) comparing probiotics versus placebo were identified. The overall risk of bias in the nine RCTs was low to unclear and the evidence was downgraded for imprecision due to the small numbers of women participating in the trials. The trials were carried out in hospitals and universities in Iran (seven trials), Thailand (one trial) and Ireland (one trial). All trials compared probiotics with placebo. Maternal outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, (risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 3.53; participants = 256; studies = 3; low‐certainty evidence) and mode of birth as caesareans (average RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.30 to 1.35; participants = 267; studies = 3; low‐certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm . No trials reported primary outcomes of: mode of birth as vaginal/assisted and subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on induction of labour (RR 1.33, 95% CI 0.74 to 2.37; participants = 127; studies = 1; very low‐certainty evidence). For other secondary maternal outcomes, we are uncertain if there are differences between probiotics and placebo for: postpartum haemorrhage; weight gain during pregnancy intervention and total gestational weight gain; fasting plasma glucose and need for extra pharmacotherapy (insulin). Probiotics may be associated with a slight reduction in triglycerides and total cholesterol. In probiotics compared with placebo, there was evidence of reduction in markers for insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR) and HOMA‐B; and insulin secretion. There was also an increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics were associated with minor benefits in relevant bio‐markers with evidence of a reduction in inflammatory markers high‐sensitivity C‐reactive protein (hs‐CRP), interleukin 6 (IL‐6), and marker of oxidative stress malondialdehyde; and an increase in antioxidant total glutathione, but we are uncertain if there is any difference in total antioxidant capacity. No trials reported secondary outcomes: perineal trauma, postnatal weight retention or return to pre‐pregnancy weight and postnatal depression. Infant/child/adult outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect, compared with placebo, on the risk of large‐for‐gestational‐age babies (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.52; participants = 174; studies = 2; low‐certainty evidence) or infant hypoglycaemia (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.84; participants = 177; studies = 3; low ‐ certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm. No trials reported primary outcomes of: perinatal (fetal/neonatal) mortality; or neurosensory disability. For other secondary outcomes, we are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotics and placebo in gestational age at birth, preterm birth, macrosomia, birthweight, head circumference, length, infant hypoglycaemia, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions. There was evidence of a reduction in infant hyperbilirubinaemia with probiotics compared with placebo. No trials reported secondary outcomes: infant adiposity, and later childhood adiposity. There were no adverse events reported by any of the trials. Authors' conclusions Low‐certainty evidence means we are not certain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo groups in maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesareans; and large‐for‐gestational‐age babies . There were no adverse events reported by the trials. Due to the variability of probiotics used and small sample sizes of trials, evidence from this review has limited ability to inform practice. Well‐designed adequately‐powered trials are needed to identify whether probiotics may improve maternal blood glucose levels and/or infant/child/adult outcomes; and whether they can be used to treat GDM. Plain language summary Probiotics as an added treatment for gestational diabetes to improve mother and baby outcomes What is the issue? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance resulting in high blood glucose levels, first recognised during pregnancy. Pregnant women with GDM are at risk of high blood pressure, labour induction, and caesareans. Their babies are at risk of being born large, birth difficulties, respiratory distress, low blood glucose at birth and jaundice that can cause brain injury. There is increased risks of having long‐term diabetes in the mother, and the baby being overweight. Probiotics are micro‐organisms naturally in food and are in fermented milk, yogurt, or capsules. There are many different probiotics; the two most used are  Lactobacillus  and  Bifidobacterium,  and if consumed in adequate amounts may confer health benefits. Why is this important? Probiotics need to be safe and maternal blood glucose levels carefully managed during pregnancy. Women with GDM may receive dietary and physical activity education with monitoring blood glucose levels as initial management. When blood glucose levels are above a certain threshold, women with GDM are prescribed glucose‐lowering medications including metformin and/or insulin. This review aimed to determine the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in treating women with GDM. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence for randomised controlled trials (latest July 2019). We identified nine studies, involving 695 women with GDM. All trials compared probiotics with placebo. The certainty of the evidence was assessed as very low or low. The overall risk of bias was low to unclear. Seven trials were conducted in Iran; one in Thailand, and one in Ireland. Trials took place in hospitals and universities. We are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo in rates of: high blood‐pressure disorders (three studies, 256 participants, low‐certainty evidence); caesarean section (three studies, 267 women, low‐certainty evidence );  and large‐for‐gestational‐age babies (two studies, 174 participants, low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo for induction of labour (one study, 127 participants, very low‐certainty evidence) and low blood glucose levels in the newborn (three studies, 177 participants, low‐certainty evidence). We are also uncertain if there is any difference between probiotics and placebo for heavy bleeding immediately after birth, weight gain during pregnancy or total gestational weight gain. We are uncertain if there is any difference in fasting blood glucose between probiotics and placebo (seven studies, 554 participants). Probiotics may be assoicated with a slight reduction in triglycerides and total cholesterol (four studies, 320 participants). There was reduction in insulin secretion with probiotics (seven studies, 505 participants). One trial (60 participants) showed no difference between groups in need for insulin. Biomarkers, did show a reduction in insulin resistance (HOMA‐IR), (seven studies, 505 participants) and insulin resistance and β cell function (HOMA‐B) (two studies,130 participants) with probiotics. Quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI) increased (four studies, 276 participants) with probiotics. Inflammatory markers, hs‐CRP (four studies, 248 participants) and interleukin 6 (two studies, 128 participants) were reduced with probiotics. Antioxidant total glutathione was increased (two studies, 120 participants) and the oxidative stress biomarker malondialdehyde was reduced with probiotics (three studies, 176 participants). We are uncertain if there is any difference in total antioxidant capacity (four studies 266 participants). For the newborn baby, we are uncertain if there is any difference between groups for: birthweight, gestational age at birth, preterm births, large babies, head circumference and length scores, or need for admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. The number of babies with high levels of bilirubin was reduced with probiotics. No adverse events were reported by the trials. What does this mean? Based on the clinical trials available, the evidence is limited to support the use of probiotics as treatment for women with GDM to improve pregnancy outcomes for mothers and their babies. Larger well‐designed randomised controlled trials are needed to assess the effects of probiotics on management of glucose levels and when available, they can be included in the update of this review.
 Avoidance of bottles during the establishment of breastfeeds in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Preterm infants often start milk feeds by gavage tube. As they mature, sucking feeds are gradually introduced. Women with preterm infants may not always be in hospital to breastfeed their baby and need an alternative approach to feeding. Most commonly, milk (expressed breast milk or formula) is given by bottle. Whether using bottles during establishment of breastfeeds is detrimental to breastfeeding success is a topic of ongoing debate. Objectives To identify the effects of avoidance of bottle feeds during establishment of breastfeeding on the likelihood of successful breastfeeding, and to assess the safety of alternatives to bottle feeds. Search methods A new search strategy was developed for this update. Searches were conducted without date or language limits in September 2021 in: MEDLINE, CENTRAL, and CINAHL.  We also searched the ISRCTN trial registry and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs.  Selection criteria We included RCTs and quasi‐RCTs comparing avoidance of bottles with use of bottles for preterm infants where their mothers planned to breastfeed. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. When appropriate, we contacted study authors for additional information. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Outcomes included full breastfeeding and any breastfeeding on discharge home and at three and six months after discharge, as well as length of hospital stay and episodes of infant infection. We synthesised data using risk ratios (RR), risk differences (RD) and mean differences (MD), with 95% confidence intervals (CI). We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included seven trials with 1152 preterm infants in this updated review. There are three studies awaiting classification. Five included studies used a cup feeding strategy, one used a tube feeding strategy and one used a novel teat when supplements to breastfeeds were needed. We included the novel teat study in this review as the teat was designed to closely mimic the sucking action of breastfeeding. The trials were of small to moderate size, and two had high risk of attrition bias. Adherence with cup feeding was poor in one of the studies, indicating dissatisfaction with this method by staff or parents (or both); the remaining four cup feeding studies provided no such reports of dissatisfaction or low adherence. Avoiding bottles may increase the extent of full breastfeeding on discharge home (RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.80; 6 studies, 1074 infants; low‐certainty evidence), and probably increases any breastfeeding (full and partial combined) on discharge (RR 1.11, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.16; studies, 1138 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Avoiding bottles probably increases the occurrence of full breastfeeding three months after discharge (RR 1.56, 95% CI 1.37 to 1.78; 4 studies, 986 infants; moderate‐certainty evidence), and may also increase full breastfeeding six months after discharge (RR 1.64, 95% CI 1.14 to 2.36; 3 studies, 887 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Avoiding bottles may increase the occurrence of any breastfeeding (full and partial combined) three months after discharge (RR 1.31, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.71; 5 studies, 1063 infants; low‐certainty evidence), and six months after discharge (RR 1.25, 95% CI 1.10 to 1.41; 3 studies, 886 infants; low‐certainty evidence). The effects on breastfeeding outcomes were evident at all time points for the tube alone strategy and for all except any breastfeeding three months after discharge for cup feeding, but were not present for the novel teat. There were no other benefits or harms including for length of hospital stay (MD 2.25 days, 95% CI −3.36 to 7.86; 4 studies, 1004 infants; low‐certainty evidence) or episodes of infection per infant (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.42; 3 studies, 500 infants; low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions Avoiding the use of bottles when preterm infants need supplementary feeds probably increases the extent of any breastfeeding at discharge, and may improve any and full breastfeeding (exclusive) up to six months postdischarge. Most of the evidence demonstrating benefit was for cup feeding. Only one study used a tube feeding strategy. We are uncertain whether a tube alone approach to supplementing breastfeeds improves breastfeeding outcomes; further studies of high certainty are needed to determine this. Plain language summary Avoidance of bottles during the establishment of breastfeeds in preterm infants Review question:  in preterm infants whose mothers want to breastfeed, does using bottles interfere with breastfeeding success? Background:  preterm infants start milk feeds by tube, and as they mature they are able to manage sucking feeds. The number of sucking feeds each day is gradually increased as the baby matures. Women with preterm infants may not always be in hospital every time the baby needs a sucking feed. Conventionally, bottles with mother's milk or formula have been used. It has been suggested that using bottles may interfere with breastfeeding success. Study characteristics:  we found seven eligible studies (involving 1152 preterm babies). These studies were of small to moderate size, and most had some problems with study design or conduct. The search is up to date as of 18 June 2020. Key results:  five studies (which included two of the largest studies) used cup feeds, and one used tube feeds. One study used a specially designed teat with feeding action suggested to be more like breastfeeding than conventional bottle feeding. Most studies were conducted in high‐income countries, only two in middle‐income countries and none in low‐income countries. Overall if bottle feeds (with a conventional teat) were not given, babies were more likely to be fully breastfed or to have at least some breastfeeds on discharge home and at three and six months postdischarge home. The study with the specially designed teat showed no difference in breastfeeding outcomes, so it was the cup alone or the tube alone that improved breastfeeding rates. However, because of the poor quality of the tube alone study, we are uncertain whether a tube alone approach to supplementing breastfeeds improves breastfeeding outcomes. We found no evidence of benefit or harm for any of the reported outcomes, including length of hospital stay or weight gain. Conclusions:  using a cup instead of a bottle increases the extent and duration of full and any breastfeeding in preterm infants up to six months postdischarge. Further high‐quality studies of the tube alone approach should be undertaken. Certainty of evidence:  we have low to moderate confidence in these results.
 Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment;  Abstract - Background Pre‐cancerous lesions of cervix (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) are usually treated with excisional or ablative procedures. In the UK, the National Health Service (NHS) cervical screening guidelines suggest that over 80% of treatments should be performed in an outpatient setting (colposcopy clinics). Furthermore, these guidelines suggest that analgesia should always be given prior to laser or excisional treatments. Currently various pain relief strategies are employed that may reduce pain during these procedures. Objectives To assess whether the administration of pain relief (analgesia) reduces pain during colposcopy treatment and in the postoperative period. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 2), MEDLINE (1950 to March week 3, 2016) and Embase (1980 to week 12, 2016) for studies of any design relating to analgesia for colposcopic management. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings, reference lists of included studies and contacted experts in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared all types of pain relief before, during or after outpatient treatment to the cervix, in women with CIN undergoing loop excision, laser ablation, laser excision or cryosurgery in an outpatient colposcopy clinic setting. Data collection and analysis We independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We entered data into Review Manager 5 and double checked it for accuracy. Where possible, we expressed results as mean pain score and standard error of the mean with 95% confidence intervals (CI) and synthesised data in a meta‐analysis. Main results We included 19 RCTs (1720 women) of varying methodological quality in the review. These trials compared a variety of interventions aimed at reducing pain in women who underwent treatment for CIN, including cervical injection with lignocaine alone, lignocaine with adrenaline, buffered lignocaine with adrenaline, prilocaine with felypressin, oral analgesics (non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)), inhalation analgesia (gas mixture of isoflurane and desflurane), lignocaine spray, cocaine spray, local application of benzocaine gel, lignocaine‐prilocaine cream (EMLA cream) and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS). Most comparisons were restricted to single trial analyses and were under‐powered to detect differences in pain scores between treatments that may or may not have been present. There was no difference in pain relief between women who received local anaesthetic infiltration (lignocaine 2%; administered as a paracervical or direct cervical injection) and a saline placebo (mean difference (MD) ‐13.74; 95% CI ‐34.32 to 6.83; 2 trials; 130 women; low quality evidence). However, when local anaesthetic was combined with a vasoconstrictor agent (one trial used lignocaine plus adrenaline while the second trial used prilocaine plus felypressin), there was less pain (on visual analogue scale (VAS)) compared with no treatment (MD ‐23.73; 95% CI ‐37.53 to ‐9.93; 2 trials; 95 women; low quality evidence). Comparing two preparations of local anaesthetic combined with vasoconstrictor, prilocaine plus felypressin did not differ from lignocaine plus adrenaline for its effect on pain control (MD ‐0.05; 95% CI ‐0.26 to 0.16; 1 trial; 200 women). Although the mean (± standard deviation (SD)) observed blood loss score was less with lignocaine plus adrenaline (1.33 ± 1.05) compared with prilocaine plus felypressin (1.74 ± 0.98), the difference was not clinically as the overall scores in both groups were low (MD 0.41; 95% CI 0.13 to 0.69; 1 trial; 200 women). Inhalation of gas mixture (isoflurane and desflurane) in addition to standard cervical injection with prilocaine plus felypressin resulted in less pain during the LLETZ (loop excision of the transformation zone) procedure (MD ‐7.20; 95% CI ‐12.45 to ‐1.95; 1 trial; 389 women). Lignocaine plus ornipressin resulted in less measured blood loss (MD ‐8.75 ml; 95% CI ‐10.43 to ‐7.07; 1 trial; 100 women) and a shorter duration of treatment (MD ‐7.72 minutes; 95% CI ‐8.49 to ‐6.95; 1 trial; 100 women) than cervical infiltration with lignocaine alone. Buffered solution (sodium bicarbonate buffer mixed with lignocaine plus adrenaline) was not superior to non‐buffered solution of lignocaine plus adrenaline in relieving pain during the procedure (MD ‐8.00; 95% CI ‐17.57 to 1.57; 1 trial; 52 women). One meta‐analysis found no difference in pain using VAS between women who received oral analgesic and women who received placebo (MD ‐3.51; 95% CI ‐10.03 to 3.01; 2 trials; 129 women; low quality evidence). Cocaine spray was associated with less pain (MD ‐28.00; 95% CI ‐37.86 to ‐18.14; 1 trial; 50 women) and blood loss (MD 0.04; 95% CI 0 to 0.70; 1 trial; 50 women) than placebo. None of the trials reported serious adverse events and majority of trials were at moderate or high risk of bias (13 trials). Authors' conclusions Based on two small trials, there was no difference in pain relief in women receiving oral analgesics compared with placebo or no treatment (MD ‐3.51; 95% CI ‐10.03 to 3.01; 129 women). We consider this evidence to be of a low to moderate quality. In routine clinical practice, intracervical injection of local anaesthetic with a vasoconstrictor (lignocaine plus adrenaline or prilocaine plus felypressin) appears to be the optimum analgesia for treatment. However, further high quality, adequately powered trials should be undertaken in order to provide the data necessary to estimate the efficacy of oral analgesics, the optimal route of administration and dose of local anaesthetics. Plain language summary Pain relief for women with pre‐cancerous changes of the cervix (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) undergoing outpatient treatment What is the issue?  Treatment for CIN is usually undertaken in an outpatient colposcopy clinic to remove the pre‐cancerous cells from the cervix (lower part of the womb). It commonly involves lifting the cells off the cervix with electrically heated wire (diathermy) or laser, or destroying the abnormal cells with freezing methods (cryotherapy). This is potentially a painful procedure. The aim of the review  The purpose of this review is to determine which, if any, pain relief should be used during cervical colposcopy treatment. What evidence did we find? We identified 19 clinical trials up to March 2016 and these reported different forms of pain relief before, during and after colposcopy. Evidence from two small trials showed that women having a colposcopy treatment had less pain and blood loss if the cervix was injected with a combination of a local anaesthetic medicine and a medicine that causes blood vessels to constrict (narrow), compared with placebo (a pretend treatment). Although taking oral pain‐relieving medicines (e.g. ibuprofen) before treatment on the cervix in the colposcopy clinic is recommended by most guidelines, evidence from two small trials did not show that this practice reduced pain during the procedure. Quality of the evidence  Most of the evidence was of a low to moderate quality and further research may change these findings. Additionally, we were unable to obtain evidence with regards to how much of the local anaesthetic or method of administering local anaesthetic into the cervix. What are the conclusions?  There is a need for high quality trials with sufficient numbers of women in order to provide the data necessary to determine which pain relief should be used during outpatient colposcopy treatment.
 Probiotics for treating acute infectious diarrhoea;  Abstract - Background Probiotics may be effective in reducing the duration of acute infectious diarrhoea. Objectives To assess the effects of probiotics in proven or presumed acute infectious diarrhoea. Search methods We searched the trials register of the Cochrane Infectious Diseases Group, MEDLINE, and Embase from inception to 17 December 2019, as well as the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (Issue 12, 2019), in the Cochrane Library, and reference lists from studies and reviews. We included additional studies identified during external review. Selection criteria Randomized controlled trials comparing a specified probiotic agent with a placebo or no probiotic in people with acute diarrhoea that is proven or presumed to be caused by an infectious agent. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently applied inclusion criteria, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data. Primary outcomes were measures of diarrhoea duration (diarrhoea lasting ≥ 48 hours; duration of diarrhoea). Secondary outcomes were number of people hospitalized in community studies, duration of hospitalization in inpatient studies, diarrhoea lasting ≥ 14 days, and adverse events. Main results We included 82 studies with a total of 12,127 participants. These studies included 11,526 children (age < 18 years) and 412 adults (three studies recruited 189 adults and children but did not specify numbers in each age group). No cluster‐randomized trials were included. Studies varied in the definitions used for "acute diarrhoea" and "end of the diarrhoeal illness" and in the probiotic(s) tested. A total of 53 trials were undertaken in countries where both child and adult mortality was low or very low, and 26 where either child or adult mortality was high. Risk of bias was high or unclear in many studies, and there was marked statistical heterogeneity when findings for the primary outcomes were pooled in meta‐analysis. Effect size was similar in the sensitivity analysis and marked heterogeneity persisted. Publication bias was demonstrated from funnel plots for the main outcomes. In our main analysis of the primary outcomes in studies at low risk for all indices of risk of bias, no difference was detected between probiotic and control groups for the risk of diarrhoea lasting ≥ 48 hours (risk ratio (RR) 1.00, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.91 to 1.09; 2 trials, 1770 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence); or for duration of diarrhoea (mean difference (MD) 8.64 hours shorter, 95% CI 29.4 hours shorter to 12.1 hours longer; 6 trials, 3058 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Effect size was similar and marked heterogeneity persisted in pre‐specified subgroup analyses of the primary outcomes that included all studies. These included analyses limited to the probiotics  Lactobacillus rhamnosus  GG and  Saccharomyces boulardii . In six trials (433 participants) of  Lactobacillus reuteri,  there was consistency amongst findings (I² = 0%), but risk of bias was present in all included studies. Heterogeneity also was not explained by types of participants (age, nutritional/socioeconomic status captured by mortality stratum, region of the world where studies were undertaken), diarrhoea in children caused by rotavirus, exposure to antibiotics, and the few studies of children who were also treated with zinc. In addition, there were no clear differences in effect size for the primary outcomes in post hoc analyses according to decade of publication of studies and whether or not trials had been registered. For other outcomes, the duration of hospitalization in inpatient studies on average was shorter in probiotic groups than in control groups but there was marked heterogeneity between studies (I² = 96%; MD ‐18.03 hours, 95% CI ‐27.28 to ‐8.78, random‐effects model: 24 trials, 4056 participants). No differences were detected between probiotic and control groups in the number of people with diarrhoea lasting ≥ 14 days (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.16 to 1.53; 9 studies, 2928 participants) or in risk of hospitalization in community studies (RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.89; 6 studies, 2283 participants). No serious adverse events were attributed to probiotics. Authors' conclusions Probiotics probably make little or no difference to the number of people who have diarrhoea lasting 48 hours or longer, and we are uncertain whether probiotics reduce the duration of diarrhoea. This analysis is based on large trials with low risk of bias. Plain language summary Do probiotics help to treat acute infectious diarrhoea? What is the aim of this review? Acute infectious diarrhoea is a major global disease that particularly affects people in low‐ and middle‐income countries. We wanted to know if taking probiotics is helpful in shortening the time taken for symptoms to resolve. We searched for studies that looked at the use of probiotics in people with acute diarrhoea. We looked for studies in which the treatments people received were decided randomly; these usually give reliable evidence. Key messages Probiotics may not affect how long acute diarrhoea lasts. We do not know if they can shorten the time to recovery from diarrhoea. We need reliable evidence from further studies to determine whether probiotics help treat acute infectious diarrhoea. What was studied in the review? ”Diarrhoea” is the name for frequent bowel movements or the passing of unusually soft or watery faeces. Infections of the gut by bacteria, viruses, or parasites cause acute diarrhoea and are most often spread through water contaminated with faeces. Acute diarrhoea usually improves within a few days. However, in severe acute diarrhoea, water, salts, and nutrients that may be lost from the body are substantial, causing dehydration and even death. Treatments for acute diarrhoea aim to prevent or reverse dehydration, speed up recovery time, and shorten the time that a person may pass the infection to others. Probiotics are live bacteria and yeasts that are thought to restore the natural balance of bacteria in the gut (intestines) when this has been disrupted by illness or treatment. Probiotics are often described as "good" or "friendly" bacteria; they may be present in yoghurts or taken as food supplements. In acute infectious diarrhoea, probiotics may act against the harmful microbes that are causing diarrhoea, help the gut to fight them, or reduce inflammation and damage to the gut. What are the main results of the review? We found 82 studies in 12,127 people (mostly children) with acute diarrhoea. Only 26 studies took place in countries that had high numbers of deaths (of any cause) among adults and children. These studies compared the effects of different types of probiotics with no additional treatment or with a placebo (dummy) treatment. We were interested in: • how many people had diarrhoea longer than 48 hours; and • how long, on average, the symptoms of diarrhoea lasted. There were many differences in the ways these studies were designed and carried out. Studies used different definitions of "acute diarrhoea" and "the end of diarrhoea symptoms," and they tested many different probiotics. Therefore, we could not include the results of all studies in our analysis. We did not detect a difference between taking a probiotic and taking a placebo or no additional treatment in the number of children who had diarrhoea longer than 48 hours (two studies in high‐income countries; 1770 children). We are uncertain whether taking probiotics affects the length of time that the symptoms of diarrhoea last (six studies; 3058 people). These findings were not affected by age, nutritional and socioeconomic status, region, or rotavirus infection of participants, nor by whether they were taking antibiotic medicines or zinc supplements. Taking probiotics may not have affected: • how many people had diarrhoea longer than 14 days (nine studies; 2928 people); or • how many people were admitted to hospital with diarrhoea (six studies; 2283 people). It was unclear whether taking probiotics shortened the time spent in hospital compared with taking a placebo or no additional treatment (24 studies; 4056 people). Few studies reported on any unwanted effects of probiotics; no serious unwanted effects were reported among people who took probiotics. How reliable are these results? Previous published editions of this review drew conclusions from the many small studies in this field and indicated an effect. This new analysis shows that in this topic there is publication bias, with small studies demonstrating a positive effect more likely to be published, which skews the results. This fresh analysis takes this into account. How up‐to‐date is this review? We included evidence published up to 17 December 2019.
 First aid interventions by laypeople for acute oral poisoning;  Abstract - Background Oral poisoning is a major cause of mortality and disability worldwide, with estimates of over 100,000 deaths due to unintentional poisoning each year and an overrepresentation of children below five years of age. Any effective intervention that laypeople can apply to limit or delay uptake or to evacuate, dilute or neutralize the poison before professional help arrives may limit toxicity and save lives. Objectives To assess the effects of pre‐hospital interventions (alone or in combination) for treating acute oral poisoning, available to and feasible for laypeople before the arrival of professional help. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, ISI Web of Science, International Pharmaceutical Abstracts, and three clinical trials registries to 4 December 2018, and we also carried out reference checking and citation searching. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials comparing interventions (alone or in combination) that are feasible in a pre‐hospital setting for treating acute oral poisoning patients, including but potentially not limited to activated charcoal (AC), emetics, cathartics, diluents, neutralizing agents and body positioning. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, data collection and assessment. Primary outcomes of this review were incidence of mortality and adverse events, plus incidence and severity of symptoms of poisoning. Secondary outcomes were duration of symptoms of poisoning, drug absorption, and incidence of hospitalization and ICU admission. Main results We included 24 trials involving 7099 participants. Using the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, we assessed no study as being at low risk of bias for all domains. Many studies were poorly reported, so the risk of selection and detection biases were often unclear. Most studies reported important outcomes incompletely, and we judged them to be at high risk of reporting bias. All but one study enrolled oral poisoning patients in an emergency department; the remaining study was conducted in a pre‐hospital setting. Fourteen studies included multiple toxic syndromes or did not specify, while the other studies specifically investigated paracetamol (2 studies), carbamazepine (2 studies), tricyclic antidepressant (2 studies), yellow oleander (2 studies), benzodiazepine (1 study), or toxic berry intoxication (1 study). Twenty‐one trials investigated the effects of activated charcoal (AC), administered as a single dose (SDAC) or in multiple doses (MDAC), alone or in combination with other first aid interventions (a cathartic) and/or hospital treatments. Six studies investigated syrup of ipecac plus other first aid interventions (SDAC + cathartic) versus ipecac alone. The collected evidence was mostly of low to very low certainty, often downgraded for indirectness, risk of bias or imprecision due to low numbers of events. First aid interventions that limit or delay the absorption of the poison in the body We are uncertain about the effect of SDAC compared to no intervention on the incidence of adverse events in general (zero events in both treatment groups; 1 study, 451 participants) or vomiting specifically (Peto odds ratio (OR) 4.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.30 to 57.26, 1 study, 25 participants), ICU admission (Peto OR 7.77, 95% CI 0.15 to 391.93, 1 study, 451 participants) and clinical deterioration (zero events in both treatment groups; 1 study, 451 participants) in participants with mixed types or paracetamol poisoning, as all evidence for these outcomes was of very low certainty. No studies assessed SDAC for mortality, duration of symptoms, drug absorption or hospitalization. Only one study compared SDAC to syrup of ipecac in participants with mixed types of poisoning, providing very low‐certainty evidence. Therefore we are uncertain about the effects on Glasgow Coma Scale scores (mean difference (MD) −0.15, 95% CI −0.43 to 0.13, 1 study, 34 participants) or incidence of adverse events (risk ratio (RR) 1.24, 95% CI 0.26 to 5.83, 1 study, 34 participants). No information was available concerning mortality, duration of symptoms, drug absorption, hospitalization or ICU admission. This review also considered the added value of SDAC or MDAC to hospital interventions, which mostly included gastric lavage. No included studies investigated the use of body positioning in oral poisoning patients. First aid interventions that evacuate the poison from the gastrointestinal tract We found one study comparing ipecac versus no intervention in toxic berry ingestion in a pre‐hospital setting. Low‐certainty evidence suggests there may be an increase in the incidence of adverse events, but the study did not report incidence of mortality, incidence or duration of symptoms of poisoning, drug absorption, hospitalization or ICU admission (103 participants). In addition, we also considered the added value of syrup of ipecac to SDAC plus a cathartic and the added value of a cathartic to SDAC. No studies used cathartics as an individual intervention. First aid interventions that neutralize or dilute the poison No included studies investigated the neutralization or dilution of the poison in oral poisoning patients. Authors' conclusions The studies included in this review provided mostly low‐ or very low‐certainty evidence about the use of first aid interventions for acute oral poisoning. A key limitation was the fact that only one included study actually took place in a pre‐hospital setting, which undermines our confidence in the applicability of these results to this setting .  Thus, the amount of evidence collected was insufficient to draw any conclusions. Plain language summary First aid treatments for oral poisoning Review question We reviewed the evidence on the effects of first aid treatments for poisoning that could be feasibly given by people who are not health professionals. Background Many first aid treatments are recommended for treating people who have ingested poisonous substances. Some treatments, such as activated charcoal (AC), bind to the poison, limiting the body's absorption of it. Others may induce vomiting (such as syrup of ipecac) or dilute or neutralize the poison (such as drinking water, milk or juices). Adjusting the person's body position may also have an effect. Study characteristics In December 2018 we searched for high‐quality studies (randomly dividing participants into different treatment groups) investigating treatments for poisoning that laypeople can perform. We found 24 studies with 7099 participants. All but one study took place in hospitals; the remaining one was in a home setting. Fourteen studies either did not specify the type of poison or studied different kinds. The others investigated overdoses of specific medicines (paracetamol, carbamazepine, antidepressant, benzodiazepine) or poisonous plants (yellow oleander or poisonous berries). Twenty‐one trials studied different treatments with activated charcoal: as a single dose or multiple doses, with or without other first aid treatments (a substance to speed up bowel transit), and with or without hospital treatments. Six studies compared syrup of ipecac, with or without other first aid treatments (single‐dose activated charcoal plus bowel transit enhancing substance) versus no treatment. We found no studies that investigated the neutralization or dilution of the poison or the use of certain body positions. Key results Two studies compared a single dose of activated charcoal to no treatment following poisoning with paracetamol or different kinds of poisoning. We are uncertain about the treatment's side effects, admission to intensive care or worsening of the patient, and there was no information about effects on death, symptom duration, poison uptake or hospitalization. One study compared a single dose of activated charcoal to ipecac in mixed types of poisoning. We are uncertain about the effect of activated charcoal compared to ipecac, on the patient's level of coma or the number of unwanted effects. There was no information about effects on death, symptom duration, poison uptake, hospitalization or intensive care admission. One study compared ipecac to no treatment in children who ate poisonous berries at home. There may be an increase in the number of unwanted effects for ipecac. There was no information about effects on death, poisoning symptoms, symptoms duration, poison uptake, hospitalization or intensive care admission. We also investigated the use of single‐dose or multi‐dose activated charcoal, with or without hospital treatment, compared to each other or no treatment. Furthermore, we investigated the added value of ipecac to single‐dose activated charcoal and the added value of adding bowel transit enhancing substances to AC. Certainty of the evidence All but one study took place in a hospital setting, which means that the results cannot be directly applied to the lay setting. Because studies did not always report the methods they used, we are uncertain about the quality of the research conduct for many. Outcomes important to patients and pre‐specified by us as important outcomes for this review were often absent or incompletely reported. Our certainty about the results of this review is mostly low to very low. Therefore future research is highly likely to change the findings. Conclusion Based on the identified evidence, we cannot draw any conclusions about the effects of any of the investigated first aid treatments in a lay setting.
 Food fortification with multiple micronutrients: impact on health outcomes in general population;  Abstract - Background Vitamins and minerals are essential for growth and maintenance of a healthy body, and have a role in the functioning of almost every organ. Multiple interventions have been designed to improve micronutrient deficiency, and food fortification is one of them. Objectives To assess the impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients on health outcomes in the general population, including men, women and children. Search methods We searched electronic databases up to 29 August 2018, including the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trial (CENTRAL), the Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care (EPOC) Group Specialised Register and Cochrane Public Health Specialised Register; MEDLINE; Embase, and 20 other databases, including clinical trial registries. There were no date or language restrictions. We checked reference lists of included studies and relevant systematic reviews for additional papers to be considered for inclusion. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐RCTs, quasi‐randomised trials, controlled before‐after (CBA) studies and interrupted time series (ITS) studies that assessed the impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients (MMNs). Primary outcomes included anaemia, micronutrient deficiencies, anthropometric measures, morbidity, all‐cause mortality and cause‐specific mortality. Secondary outcomes included potential adverse outcomes, serum concentration of specific micronutrients, serum haemoglobin levels and neurodevelopmental and cognitive outcomes. We included food fortification studies from both high‐income and low‐ and middle‐income countries (LMICs). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened, extracted and quality‐appraised the data from eligible studies. We carried out statistical analysis using Review Manager 5 software. We used random‐effects meta‐analysis for combining data, as the characteristics of study participants and interventions differed significantly. We set out the main findings of the review in 'Summary of findings' tables, using the GRADE approach. Main results We identified 127 studies as relevant through title/abstract screening, and included 43 studies (48 papers) with 19,585 participants (17,878 children) in the review. All the included studies except three compared MMN fortification with placebo/no intervention. Two studies compared MMN fortification versus iodised salt and one study compared MMN fortification versus calcium fortification alone. Thirty‐six studies targeted children; 20 studies were conducted in LMICs. Food vehicles used included staple foods, such as rice and flour; dairy products, including milk and yogurt; non‐dairy beverages; biscuits; spreads; and salt. Fourteen of the studies were fully commercially funded, 13 had partial‐commercial funding, 14 had non‐commercial funding and two studies did not specify the source of funding. We rated all the evidence as of low to very low quality due to study limitations, imprecision, high heterogeneity and small sample size. When compared with placebo/no intervention, MMN fortification may reduce anaemia by 32% (risk ratio (RR) 0.68, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.56 to 0.84; 11 studies, 3746 participants; low‐quality evidence), iron deficiency anaemia by 72% (RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.39; 6 studies, 2189 participants; low‐quality evidence), iron deficiency by 56% (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.60; 11 studies, 3289 participants; low‐quality evidence); vitamin A deficiency by 58% (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.62; 6 studies, 1482 participants; low‐quality evidence), vitamin B2 deficiency by 64% (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.68; 1 study, 296 participants; low‐quality evidence), vitamin B6 deficiency by 91% (RR 0.09, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.38; 2 studies, 301 participants; low‐quality evidence), vitamin B12 deficiency by 58% (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.25 to 0.71; 3 studies, 728 participants; low‐quality evidence), weight‐for‐age z‐scores (WAZ) (mean difference (MD) 0.1, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.17; 8 studies, 2889 participants; low‐quality evidence) and weight‐for‐height/length z‐score (WHZ/WLZ) (MD 0.1, 95% CI 0.02 to 0.18; 6 studies, 1758 participants; low‐quality evidence). We are uncertain about the effect of MMN fortification on zinc deficiency (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.08; 5 studies, 1490 participants; low‐quality evidence) and height/length‐for‐age z‐score (HAZ/LAZ) (MD 0.09, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.18; 8 studies, 2889 participants; low‐quality evidence). Most of the studies in this comparison were conducted in children. Subgroup analyses of funding sources (commercial versus non‐commercial) and duration of intervention did not demonstrate any difference in effects, although this was a relatively small number of studies and the possible association between commercial funding and increased effect estimates has been demonstrated in the wider health literature. We could not conduct subgroup analysis by food vehicle and funding; since there were too few studies in each subgroup to draw any meaningful conclusions. When we compared MMNs versus iodised salt, we are uncertain about the effect of MMN fortification on anaemia (R 0.86, 95% CI 0.37 to 2.01; 1 study, 88 participants; very low‐quality evidence), iron deficiency anaemia (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.09 to 1.83; 2 studies, 245 participants; very low‐quality evidence), iron deficiency (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.17; 1 study, 88 participants; very low‐quality evidence) and vitamin A deficiency (RR 0.19, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.55; 2 studies, 363 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Both of the studies were conducted in children. Only one study conducted in children compared MMN fortification versus calcium fortification. None of the primary outcomes were reported in the study. None of the included studies reported on morbidity, adverse events, all‐cause or cause‐specific mortality. Authors' conclusions The evidence from this review suggests that MMN fortification when compared to placebo/no intervention may reduce anaemia, iron deficiency anaemia and micronutrient deficiencies (iron, vitamin A, vitamin B2 and vitamin B6). We are uncertain of the effect of MMN fortification on anthropometric measures (HAZ/LAZ, WAZ and WHZ/WLZ). There are no data to suggest possible adverse effects of MMN fortification, and we could not draw reliable conclusions from various subgroup analyses due to a limited number of studies in each subgroup. We remain cautious about the level of commercial funding in this field, and the possibility that this may be associated with higher effect estimates, although subgroup analysis in this review did not demonstrate any impact of commercial funding. These findings are subject to study limitations, imprecision, high heterogeneity and small sample sizes, and we rated most of the evidence low to very low quality. and hence no concrete conclusions could be drawn from the findings of this review. Plain language summary Impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients on health Review question   Does multiple micronutrient fortification improve health? Background   Vitamins and minerals are important for growth and body functioning. Micronutrient deficiencies are common in many populations, and food fortification is one of the interventions to reduce the burden of micronutrient deficiencies and improve health in the general population. Food fortification involves adding micronutrients to processed foods. There have been studies with various single micronutrient fortification, dual micronutrient fortification and multiple micronutrient fortification, including zinc, iron, selenium, vitamin A, vitamin B complexes, vitamin C and vitamin E. We reviewed the evidence about the impact of food fortification with multiple micronutrients (MMNs) on health in the general population. Study characteristics   We included 43 studies (48 papers) in 19,585 participants (17,878 children) in this review. The evidence is current to August 2018. Most of the included studies assessed the impact of food fortification with MMN compared to placebo or to no intervention; two studies compared food fortification with MMN to iodised salt and one study compared food fortification with MMN to food fortification with calcium alone. Most of the studies (36 out of 43) targeted children. Twenty studies were conducted in developing countries. Food used for fortification included staple foods, such as rice and flour; dairy products, including milk and yogurt; non‐dairy beverages; biscuits; spreads; and salt. A high proportion of studies were funded by commercial sources (e.g. manufacturers of micronutrients), which can be associated with finding more beneficial effects than independently‐funded studies. Key results   Food fortification with MMN may reduce anaemia by 32%, iron deficiency anaemia by 72%, micronutrient deficiencies (including iron deficiency by 56%, vitamin A deficiency by 58%, vitamin B2 deficiency by 64%, vitamin B6 deficiency by 91% and vitamin B12 deficiency by 58%). MMN fortification may also improve child growth measured as weight for age and weight for height/length. We are uncertain of the effect of MMN fortification on zinc deficiency and child growth measured as height/length for age. The included studies did not report on any side effects associated with MMN fortification, including deaths and diseases. We are uncertain of the effect of food fortification with MMN compared to iodised salt for iron deficiency anaemia and vitamin A deficiency. Quality of the evidence   The quality of the evidence was low to very low, due to limitations in the study methods that could introduce a risk of bias, high heterogeneity (variation in the results from study to study), and small sample sizes. Although the review suggests some positive effects of MMN fortification compared to no intervention, a number of other factors should also be considered. Firstly, there is no information on possible side effects of the MMN fortification. Secondly, we could not perform various subgroup analyses to identify whether MMN fortification is more effective in different population groups, food vehicles, dosage, duration of intervention and geographical region, due to limited number of studies in each subgroup. We performed a subgroup analysis to compare commercial and non‐commercially‐funded studies and did not find a significant difference between their results, although we remain cautious about these findings. Our results are uncertain, due to the low quality of the evidence.
 Diet, physical activity, and behavioural interventions for the treatment of overweight or obesity in preschool children up to the age of 6 years;  Abstract - Background Child overweight and obesity has increased globally, and can be associated with short‐ and long‐term health consequences. Objectives To assess the effects of diet, physical activity, and behavioural interventions for the treatment of overweight or obesity in preschool children up to the age of 6 years. Search methods We performed a systematic literature search in the databases Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and LILACS, as well as in the trial registers ClinicalTrials.gov and ICTRP Search Portal. We also checked references of identified trials and systematic reviews. We applied no language restrictions. The date of the last search was March 2015 for all databases. Selection criteria We selected randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of diet, physical activity, and behavioural interventions for treating overweight or obesity in preschool children aged 0 to 6 years. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed risk of bias, evaluated the overall quality of the evidence using the GRADE instrument, and extracted data following the  Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions . We contacted trial authors for additional information. Main results We included 7 RCTs with a total of 923 participants: 529 randomised to an intervention and 394 to a comparator. The number of participants per trial ranged from 18 to 475. Six trials were parallel RCTs, and one was a cluster RCT. Two trials were three‐arm trials, each comparing two interventions with a control group. The interventions and comparators in the trials varied. We categorised the comparisons into two groups: multicomponent interventions and dietary interventions. The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low, and six trials had a high risk of bias on individual 'Risk of bias' criteria. The children in the included trials were followed up for between six months and three years. In trials comparing a multicomponent intervention with usual care, enhanced usual care, or information control, we found a greater reduction in body mass index (BMI) z score in the intervention groups at the end of the intervention (6 to 12 months): mean difference (MD) ‐0.3 units (95% confidence interval (CI) ‐0.4 to ‐0.2); P < 0.00001; 210 participants; 4 trials; low‐quality evidence, at 12 to 18 months' follow‐up: MD ‐0.4 units (95% CI ‐0.6 to ‐0.2); P = 0.0001; 202 participants; 4 trials; low‐quality evidence, and at 2 years' follow‐up: MD ‐0.3 units (95% CI ‐0.4 to ‐0.1); 96 participants; 1 trial; low‐quality evidence. One trial stated that no adverse events were reported; the other trials did not report on adverse events. Three trials reported health‐related quality of life and found improvements in some, but not all, aspects. Other outcomes, such as behaviour change and parent‐child relationship, were inconsistently measured. One three‐arm trial of very low‐quality evidence comparing two types of diet with control found that both the dairy‐rich diet (BMI z score change MD ‐0.1 units (95% CI ‐0.11 to ‐0.09); P < 0.0001; 59 participants) and energy‐restricted diet (BMI z score change MD ‐0.1 units (95% CI ‐0.11 to ‐0.09); P < 0.0001; 57 participants) resulted in greater reduction in BMI than the comparator at the end of the intervention period, but only the dairy‐rich diet maintained this at 36 months' follow‐up (BMI z score change in MD ‐0.7 units (95% CI ‐0.71 to ‐0.69); P < 0.0001; 52 participants). The energy‐restricted diet had a worse BMI outcome than control at this follow‐up (BMI z score change MD 0.1 units (95% CI 0.09 to 0.11); P < 0.0001; 47 participants). There was no substantial difference in mean daily energy expenditure between groups. Health‐related quality of life, adverse effects, participant views, and parenting were not measured. No trial reported on all‐cause mortality, morbidity, or socioeconomic effects. All results should be interpreted cautiously due to their low quality and heterogeneous interventions and comparators. Authors' conclusions Muticomponent interventions appear to be an effective treatment option for overweight or obese preschool children up to the age of 6 years. However, the current evidence is limited, and most trials had a high risk of bias. Most trials did not measure adverse events. We have identified four ongoing trials that we will include in future updates of this review. The role of dietary interventions is more equivocal, with one trial suggesting that dairy interventions may be effective in the longer term, but not energy‐restricted diets. This trial also had a high risk of bias. Plain language summary Diet, physical activity, and behavioural interventions for the treatment of overweight or obesity in preschool children up to the age of 6 years Review question How effective are diet, physical activity, and behavioural interventions in reducing the weight of overweight and obese preschool children? Background Across the world more children are becoming overweight and obese. These children are more likely to suffer from health problems, both while as children and in later life. More information is needed about what works best for treating this problem. Study characteristics We found 7 randomised controlled trials (clinical studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups) comparing diet, physical activity, and behavioural (where habits are changed or improved) treatments (interventions) to a variety of control groups (who did not receive treatment) delivered to 923 overweight or obese preschool children up to the age of 6 years. We grouped the studies by the type of intervention. Our systematic review reported on the effects of multicomponent interventions and dietary interventions compared with no intervention, 'usual care', enhanced usual care, or some other therapy if it was also delivered in the intervention arm. The children in the included studies were monitored (called follow‐up) for between six months and three years. Key results Most studies reported the body mass index (BMI) z score: BMI is a measure of body fat and is calculated by dividing weight (in kilograms) by the square of the body height measured in metres (kg/m²). In children, BMI is often measured in a way that takes into account sex, weight, and height as children grow older (BMI z score). We summarised the results of 4 trials in 202 children reporting the BMI z score, which on average was 0.4 units lower in the multicomponent intervention groups compared with the control groups. Lower units indicate more weight loss. For example, a 5‐year‐old girl with a body height of 110 cm and a body weight of 32 kg has a BMI of 26.4 and a BMI z score of 2.99. If this girl loses 2 kg weight within a year (and gained 1 cm in height), she would have reduced her BMI z score by approx. 0.4 units (her BMI would be 24.3 and her BMI z score 2.58). Accordingly, the average change in weight in the multicomponent interventions was 2.8 kg lower than in the control groups. Other effects of the interventions, such as improvements in health‐related quality of life or evaluation of the parent‐child relationship, were less clear, and most studies did not measure adverse events. No study investigated death from any cause, morbidity, or socioeconomic effects. One study found that BMI z score reduction was greater at the end of both dairy‐rich and energy‐restricted dietary interventions compared with a healthy lifestyle education only. However, only the dairy‐rich diet continued to show benefits two to three years later, whereas the energy‐restricted diet group had a greater increase in BMI z score than the control group. This evidence is up to date as of March 2015. Quality of the evidence The overall quality of the evidence was low or very low, mainly because there were just a few studies per outcome measurement or the number of the included children was small. In addition, many children left the studies before they had finished.
 Enteral lactoferrin supplementation for prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Lactoferrin, a normal component of human colostrum and milk, can enhance host defenses and may be effective for prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm neonates. Objectives To assess the safety and effectiveness of lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds for prevention of sepsis and NEC in preterm neonates. Secondarily, we assessed the effects of lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds on the duration of positive‐pressure ventilation, development of chronic lung disease (CLD) or periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), length of hospital stay to discharge among survivors, and adverse neurological outcomes at two years of age or later. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to update our search. We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2019, Issue 9), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 20 January 2020), PREMEDLINE (1996 to 20 January 2020), Embase (1980 to 20 January 2020), and CINAHL (1982 to 20 January 2020). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomized controlled trials and quasi‐randomized trials. Selection criteria In our search, we included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating enteral lactoferrin supplementation at any dose or duration to prevent sepsis or NEC in preterm neonates. Data collection and analysis We used the standard methods of Cochrane Neonatal and the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results Meta‐analysis of data from twelve randomized controlled trials showed that lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds decreased suspected or confirmed late‐onset sepsis (typical RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.89; typical RD ‐0.05, 95% CI, ‐0.07 to ‐0.02; NNTB 20, 95% CI 14 to 50; 12 studies, 5425 participants, low‐certainty evidence) and decreased length of hospital stay (MD ‐2.38 to 95% CI, ‐4.67 to ‐0.09; 3 studies, 1079 participants, low‐certainty evidence). A subgroup analysis including data of infants with confirmed sepsis demonstrates a decrease in confirmed late‐onset sepsis (typical RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.94; typical RD ‐0.03, 95% CI, ‐0.04 to ‐0.01; NNTB 33, 95% CI 25 to 100; 12 studies, 5425 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Sensitivity analysis including only good methodological certainty studies suggested a decrease in late‐onset sepsis (both suspected and confirmed) with enteral lactoferrin supplementation (typical RR 0.82, 95% CI, 0.74 to 0.91; typical RD ‐0.04, 95% CI, ‐0.06 to ‐0.02; NNTB 20, 95% CI 14 to 50; 9 studies, 4702 participants, low‐certainty evidence). There were no differences in NEC stage II or III (typical RR 1.10, 95% CI, 0.86 to 1.41; typical RD ‐0.00, 95% CI, ‐0.02 to 0.01; 7 studies, 4874 participants; low‐certainty evidence) or 'all‐cause mortality' (typical RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.17; typical RD ‐0.00, 95% CI, ‐0.01 to 0.01; 11 studies, 5510 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). One study reported no differences in neurodevelopmental testing by Mullen's or Bayley III at 24 months of age after enteral lactoferrin supplementation (one study, 292 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds with probiotics decreased late‐onset sepsis (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.46; RD ‐0.13, 95% CI ‐0.18 to ‐0.08; NNTB 8, 95% CI 6 to 13; 3 studies, 564 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and NEC stage II or III (RR 0.04, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.62; RD ‐0.05, 95% CI ‐0.08 to ‐0.03; NNTB 20, 95% CI 12.5 to 33.3; 1 study, 496 participants; very low‐certainty evidence), but not 'all‐cause mortality' (very low‐certainty evidence). Lactoferrin supplementation to enteral feeds with or without probiotics had no effect on CLD, duration of mechanical ventilation or threshold retinopathy of prematurity (low‐certainty evidence). Investigators reported no adverse effects in the included studies. Authors' conclusions We found low‐certainty evidence from studies of good methodological quality that lactoferrin supplementation of enteral feeds decreases late‐onset sepsis (both suspected and confirmed, and confirmed only) but not NEC ≥ stage II or 'all cause mortality' or neurodevelopmental outcomes at 24 months of age in preterm infants without adverse effects. Low‐ to very low‐certainty evidence suggests that lactoferrin supplementation of enteral feeds in combination with probiotics decreases late‐onset sepsis (data from confirmed sepsis only) and NEC ≥ stage II in preterm infants without adverse effects, however, there were few included studies of poor methodological quality. The presence of publication bias and small studies of poor methodology that may inflate the effect size make recommendations for clinical practice difficult. Plain language summary Enteral lactoferrin supplementation for prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants Review question:  Does administering lactoferrin with feeds decrease the risk of sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm babies? Background:  Preterm babies are at risk for blood infection (sepsis) and/or gastrointestinal injury (necrotizing enterocolitis, or NEC). Many babies with sepsis or NEC die or develop long‐term brain and lung injury despite treatment with antibiotics. Lactoferrin, a protein that is present in human milk, has been shown to be effective against infection when tested in animals and in the laboratory. Lactoferrin also enhances the ability of babies to fight infection. Study characteristics:  Through literature searches updated to 20 January 2020, we found 12 studies that enrolled 5425 preterm babies and tested the effects of lactoferrin given with feeds. We also found ongoing studies that may increase the strength of our findings when their results become available. Key results:  Lactoferrin given with feeds with or without a probiotic decreases blood infection including fungal infection in preterm infants with no adverse effects. Lactoferrin with probiotics, but not lactoferrin alone, decreases gastrointestinal injury. Clarification regarding dosing, duration, type of lactoferrin (human or bovine), and development of preterm babies is still needed. Certainty of evidence:  Low to very low
 Treatment for superficial infusion thrombophlebitis of the upper extremity;  Abstract - Background Although superficial thrombophlebitis of the upper extremity represents a frequent complication of intravenous catheters inserted into the peripheral veins of the forearm or hand, no consensus exists on the optimal management of this condition in clinical practice. Objectives To summarise the evidence from randomised clinical trials (RCTs) concerning the efficacy and safety of (topical, oral or parenteral) medical therapy of superficial thrombophlebitis of the upper extremity. Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Group Trials Search Co‐ordinator searched the Specialised Register (last searched April 2015) and the Cochrane Register of Studies (2015, Issue 3). Clinical trials registries were searched up to April 2015. Selection criteria RCTs comparing any (topical, oral or parenteral) medical treatment to no intervention or placebo, or comparing two different medical interventions (e.g. a different variant scheme or regimen of the same intervention or a different pharmacological type of treatment). Data collection and analysis We extracted data on methodological quality, patient characteristics, interventions and outcomes, including improvement of signs and symptoms as the primary effectiveness outcome, and number of participants experiencing side effects of the study treatments as the primary safety outcome. Main results We identified 13 studies (917 participants). The evaluated treatment modalities consisted of a topical treatment (11 studies), an oral treatment (2 studies) and a parenteral treatment (2 studies). Seven studies used a placebo or no intervention control group, whereas all others also or solely compared active treatment groups. No study evaluated the effects of ice or the application of cold or hot bandages. Overall, the risk of bias in individual trials was moderate to high, although poor reporting hampered a full appreciation of the risk in most studies. The overall quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes varied from low to moderate mainly due to risk of bias and imprecision, with only single trials contributing to most comparisons. Data on primary outcomes improvement of signs and symptoms and side effects attributed to the study treatment could not be statistically pooled because of the between‐study differences in comparisons, outcomes and type of instruments to measure outcomes. An array of topical treatments, such as heparinoid or diclofenac gels, improved pain compared to placebo or no intervention. Compared to placebo, oral non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs reduced signs and symptoms intensity. Safety issues were reported sparsely and were not available for some interventions, such as notoginseny creams, parenteral low‐molecular‐weight heparin or defibrotide. Although several trials reported on adverse events with topical heparinoid creams, Essaven gel or phlebolan versus control, the trials were underpowered to adequately measure any differences between treatment modalities. Where reported, adverse events with topical treatments consisted mainly of local allergic reactions. Only one study of 15 participants assessed thrombus extension and symptomatic venous thromboembolism with either oral non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs or low‐molecular‐weight heparin, and it reported no cases of either. No study reported on the development of suppurative phlebitis, catheter‐related bloodstream infections or quality of life. Authors' conclusions The evidence about the treatment of acute infusion superficial thrombophlebitis is limited and of low quality. Data appear too preliminary to assess the effectiveness and safety of topical treatments, systemic anticoagulation or oral non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs. Plain language summary Treatment for superficial infusion thrombophlebitis of the upper extremity Background Superficial thrombophlebitis is an inflammatory condition of the veins just below the surface of the skin. The development of superficial thrombophlebitis frequently complicates the insertion of needles into the veins for catheters to give medication or fluids in hospitalised patients. The best treatment for these blood clots in the hands and arms remains unclear. While local treatment has the potential to improve the painful symptoms and patient discomfort, it may not prevent complications, including infection or the extension or transit of the clot into the deep vein system. Study characteristics and key results In the current review, which looked for studies up to April 2015, we identified 13 studies involving 917 participants. Eleven studies evaluated topical treatments (medication applied to the skin), two trials studied an oral treatment, and two studies assessed a parenteral treatment (via injection or infusion). Seven studies used a control group that received no treatment or a placebo, whereas all others also or solely compared two active treatment groups. No study evaluated the effects of ice or the application of cold or hot bandages. Overall, topical treatments resulted in a higher and faster improvement of the clinical signs and symptoms compared to placebo or no intervention. Reporting on safety data was limited, with no available information on some treatments (notoginseny creams, parenteral low‐molecular‐weight heparin or defibrotide). Although some studies reported on harmful side effects with topical heparinoid creams, Essaven gel or phlebolan, the trials were too small in size to adequately measure any differences between treatments. Reported side effects of topical treatments consisted mainly of local allergic reactions. Only one study with 15 participants assessed anything other than localised control of the condition. That study reported on extension of the clot or symptomatic venous thromboembolism (when the blood clot breaks loose and travels in the blood stream), observing no cases when treated orally with non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs or with low‐molecular‐weight heparin. None of the studies reported on the development of suppurative or septic phlebitis (when pus is formed inside the vein or around the vein wall or both), catheter‐related bloodstream infections or quality of life. Quality of the evidence Some of the included studies may have been biased due to design limitations, but we could not always assess this risk because the original researchers did not always provide enough information to judge. The overall quality of the evidence for each of the outcomes varied from low to moderate, mainly because the studies had design flaws or were very small. We could not analyse data on primary outcomes together because the trials examined different treatments, in different ways, looking at different outcomes. In short, the evidence about the treatment of acute infusion superficial thrombophlebitis is limited and of low quality, and we do not have enough information to recommend the use of any of the treatments studied.
 Prebiotics for the prevention of hyperbilirubinaemia in neonates;  Abstract - Background Hyperbilirubinaemia occurs in approximately two‐thirds of all newborns during the first days of life and is frequently treated with phototherapy. Although generally seen as safe, there is rising concern regarding phototherapy and its potentially damaging effects on DNA and increased side effects particularly for preterm infants. Other methods, such as enteral feeding supplementation with prebiotics, may have an effective use in the management of hyperbilirubinaemia in neonates. Objectives To determine whether administration of prebiotics reduces the incidence of hyperbilirubinaemia among term and preterm infants compared with enteral supplementation of milk with distilled water/placebo or no supplementation. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 5), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 14 June 2018), Embase (1980 to 14 June 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 14 June 2018). We also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐randomised trials . Selection criteria We considered all RCTs that studied neonates comparing enteral feeding supplementation with prebiotics versus distilled water/placebo or no supplementation. Data collection and analysis Two reviewers screened papers and extracted data from selected papers. We used a fixed‐effect method in combining the effects of studies that were sufficiently similar. We then used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. Main results Three small studies evaluating 154 infants were included in this review. One study reported a significant reduction in the risk of hyperbilirubinaemia and rate of treatment with phototherapy associated with enteral supplementation with prebiotics (risk ratio (RR) 0.75, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.58 to 0.97; one study, 50 infants; low‐quality evidence). Meta‐analyses of two studies showed no significant difference in maximum plasma unconjugated bilirubin levels in infants with prebiotic supplementation (mean difference (MD) 0.14 mg/dL, 95% CI ‐0.91 to 1.20, I² = 81%, P = 0.79; two studies, 78 infants; low‐quality evidence). There was no evidence of a significant difference in duration of phototherapy between the prebiotic and control groups, which was only reported by one study (MD 0.10 days, 95% CI ‐2.00 to 2.20; one study, 50 infants; low‐quality evidence). The meta‐analyses of two studies demonstrated a significant reduction in the length of hospital stay (MD ‐10.57 days, 95% CI ‐17.81 to ‐3.33; 2 studies, 78 infants; I² = 0%, P = 0.004; low‐quality evidence). Meta‐analysis of the three studies showed a significant increase in stool frequency in the prebiotic groups (MD 1.18, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.46, I² = 90%; 3 studies, 154 infants; high‐quality evidence). No significant difference in mortality during hospital stay after enteral supplementation with prebiotics was reported (typical RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.14 to 6.19; I² = 6%, P = 0.95; 2 studies; 78 infants; low‐quality evidence). There were no reports of the need for exchange transfusion and incidence of acute bilirubin encephalopathy, chronic bilirubin encephalopathy, and major neurodevelopmental disability in the included studies. None of the included studies reported any side effects. Authors' conclusions Current studies are unable to provide reliable evidence about the effectiveness of prebiotics on hyperbilirubinaemia. Additional large, well‐designed RCTs should be undertaken in neonates that compare effects of enteral supplementation with prebiotics on neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia with supplementation of milk with any other placebo (particularly distilled water) or no supplementation. Plain language summary Prebiotics for the prevention of hyperbilirubinaemia in neonates Review question:  Do prebiotics prevent hyperbilirubinaemia, an elevated level of bilirubin that leads to jaundice, in newborn infants? Background:  Jaundice occurs in approximately two‐thirds of all newborns during the first days of life. Phototherapy is commonly used for management of neonatal jaundice. Phototherapy does not seem to cause serious side effects, but recently some clinical trials have raised concerns based on animal or cell culture studies regarding its potential to damage DNA. Therefore, other types of treatment for neonatal jaundice are being considered. Some evidence suggests that enteral feeding supplementation with prebiotics reduces jaundice among neonates. Study characteristics:  We included three small studies (with a total of 154 infants) that compared the effects of feeding supplementation with prebiotics on neonatal jaundice to a placebo (such as distilled water). The evidence is up to date as of 14 June 2018. Key results:  There is inadequate evidence to assess the effectiveness of prebiotics on neonatal jaundice. According to the available data, the incidence of neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia (low‐quality evidence) and treatment with phototherapy (low‐quality evidence) were decreased by feeding supplementation with prebiotics, but only one small study reported on these outcomes. The meta‐analyses of these small studies demonstrated a significant reduction in the length of hospital stay (low‐quality evidence) and a significant increase in stool frequency (high‐quality evidence) in infants with prebiotic supplementation versus placebo. Furthermore, meta‐analyses showed no significant difference in maximum plasma bilirubin levels (low‐quality evidence), duration of phototherapy (low‐quality evidence) and neonatal mortality (low‐quality evidence) between groups. The review found only three randomised clinical trials that compared prebiotic supplementation with a placebo. More research is needed.
 Early trophic feeding versus enteral fasting for very preterm or very low birth weight infants;  Abstract - Background The introduction of enteral feeds for very preterm (< 32 weeks) or very low birth weight (< 1500 grams) infants is often delayed due to concern that early introduction may not be tolerated and may increase the risk of necrotising enterocolitis. However, prolonged enteral fasting may diminish the functional adaptation of the immature gastrointestinal tract and extend the need for parenteral nutrition with its attendant infectious and metabolic risks. Trophic feeding, giving infants very small volumes of milk to promote intestinal maturation, may enhance feeding tolerance and decrease the time taken to reach full enteral feeding independently of parenteral nutrition. Objectives To determine the effect of early trophic feeding versus enteral fasting on feed tolerance, growth and development, and the incidence of neonatal morbidity (including necrotising enterocolitis and invasive infection) and mortality in very preterm or VLBW infants. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group. This included electronic searches of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 12), MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL (1980 until December 2012), conference proceedings and previous reviews. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials that assessed the effects of early trophic feeding (milk volumes up to 24 ml/kg/day introduced before 96 hours postnatal age and continued until at least one week after birth) versus a comparable period of enteral fasting in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. Data collection and analysis We extracted data using the standard methods of the Cochrane Neonatal Review Group with separate evaluation of trial quality and data extraction by two authors and synthesis of data using risk ratio, risk difference and mean difference. Main results Nine trials in which a total of 754 very preterm or very low birth weight infants participated were eligible for inclusion. Few participants were extremely preterm (< 28 weeks) or extremely low birth weight (< 1000 grams) or growth restricted. These trials did not provide any evidence that early trophic feeding affected feed tolerance or growth rates. Meta‐analysis did not detect a statistically significant effect on the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis: typical risk ratio 1.07 (95% confidence interval 0.67 to 1.70); risk difference 0.01 (‐0.03 to 0.05). Authors' conclusions The available trial data do not provide evidence of important beneficial or harmful effects of early trophic feeding for very preterm or very low birth weight infants. The applicability of these findings to extremely preterm, extremely low birth weight or growth restricted infants is limited. Further randomised controlled trials would be needed to determine how trophic feeding compared with enteral fasting affects important outcomes in this population. Plain language summary Early trophic feeding versus enteral fasting for very preterm or very low birth weight infants There is insufficient evidence to determine whether feeding very preterm or very low birth weight infants small quantities of milk during the first week after birth (early trophic feeding) compared with fasting helps bowel development and improves subsequent feeding, growth and development. Analysis of nine trials does not suggest that this practice increases the risk of a severe bowel disorder called 'necrotising enterocolitis'. Further trials could provide more robust evidence to inform this key area of care.
 Vaginal chlorhexidine during labour to prevent early‐onset neonatal group B streptococcal infection;  Abstract - Background Although early‐onset group B β‐hemolytic streptococcus (GBS) infection is rare, it accounts for approximately 30% of neonatal infections, has a high mortality rate, and is acquired through vertical transmission from colonized mothers. Several trials have demonstrated the efficacy of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) for preventing early‐onset disease (EOD). Vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour has been proposed as another strategy for preventing GBS EOD in the preterm and term neonate. Chlorhexidine has been found to have no impact on antibiotic resistance, is inexpensive, and applicable to poorly equipped delivery sites. Objectives To determine the effectiveness of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine during labour in women who are colonized with GBS for preventing early‐onset GBS infection in preterm and term neonates. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 October 2014) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomized and quasi‐randomized trials comparing vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis Three review authors independently assessed the trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted the data and checked them for accuracy. Main results We identified no new trials eligible for inclusion in this update. One study was moved from included to excluded studies from the previous version of the review. Four studies, including 1125 preterm and term infants, met the inclusion criteria and reported on at least one of the outcomes of interest. For the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel) versus placebo or no treatment, two studies (n = 987) were pooled. There was no statistically significant difference in early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) comparing chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment; risk ratio (RR), 2.32 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34 to 15.63); I‐squared (I²) = 0% or in GBS pneumonia; RR 0.35 (95% CI 0.01 to 8.6); test for heterogeneity not applicable. The outcome of colonization of the neonate with GBS was reported in three studies (n = 328); RR 0.64 (95% CI 0.40 to 1.01; there was substantial between‐study heterogeneity (Chi² = 3.19; P = 0.20; I² = 37%). Maternal mild side effects (stinging or local irritation) (three trials, 1066 women) were more commonly seen in women treated with chlorhexidine (RR 8.50 (95% CI 1.60 to 45.28); there was no heterogeneity (Chi² = 0.01, df = 1 (P = 0.91); I² = 0%). No side effects were reported among the neonates. For the comparison chlorhexidine vaginal wash verus mechanical washing with placebo or no treatment (one study, n = 79), there was a significant reduction in neonatal colonization with GBS; RR 0.32 (95% CI 0.12 to 0.90). Tests for heterogeneity not applicable. There were no other significant results for this comparison. For the comparison chlorhexidine gel or cream versus placebo or no treatment, there were no statistically significant results for the outcomes reported on. The quality of the trials varied and the overall risk of bias was rated as unclear or high. The quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low for the outcomes of the comparison chlorhexidine (vaginal wash or gel/cream) versus placebo or no treatment. These outcomes included: early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis), GBS pneumonia, neonatal colonization with GBS, neonatal mortality due to early‐onset GBS infection and adverse (mild) effects in the mother and the neonate. Authors' conclusions The quality of the four included trials varied as did the risk of bias and the quality of the evidence using GRADE was very low. Vaginal chlorhexidine was not associated with reductions in any of the primary outcomes of early‐onset GBS disease (sepsis and/or meningitis) or GBS pneumonia. Vaginal chlorhexidine may reduce GBS colonization of neonates. The intervention was associated with an increased risk of maternal mild adverse effects. The review currently does not support the use of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine in labour for preventing early‐onset disease. Results should be interpreted with caution as the methodological quality of the studies was poor. As early‐onset GBS disease is a rare condition trials with very large sample sizes are needed to assess the effectiveness of vaginal chlorhexidine to reduce its occurrence. In the era of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis, such trials may be difficult to justify especially in developed countries. Plain language summary Antibacterial chlorhexidine applied to the vagina during labour to prevent early‐onset group B streptococcal infection in the newborn There is no evidence to show that washing the vagina with the antibacterial liquid chlorhexidine or using a chlorhexidine gel during labour reduces group B β‐hemolytic streptococcal (GBS) infections in babies. A woman's vagina normally contains numerous bacteria that generally do not pose any problems to her or her baby. However, occasionally a baby picks up an infection during birth. GBS infection can cause severe illness in babies and rarely a baby may die as a result of the infection. Washing the vagina with chlorhexidine, or applying chlorhexidine gel or cream, during labour was studied in this systematic review as a possible way of reducing infections. The review of four trials included women who were colonized vaginally or rectally with GBS and their 1125 preterm and term infants. It showed that although chlorhexidine may reduce the number of bacteria that pass from the mothers to the babies as the babies pass through the birth canal, or if they suck in (aspirate) contaminated amniotic fluid, the studies were not large enough to say whether chlorhexidine reduced GBS infections or not. Vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine did not result in a reduction of early‐onset GBS illness in the newborns such as sepsis, pneumonia, meningitis, or deaths caused by the infection. It may reduce GBS colonization of newborns when compared with mechanical washing with placebo (from one study). For the comparison chlorhexidine gel or cream versus placebo or no treatment, there were no significant results for the outcomes reported. Maternal mild side effects such as stinging or local irritation were more common in women treated with chlorhexidine. Different preparations, doses, frequency of dose, and reported outcomes were used. No side effects were reported among the newborns. The small number of studies that reported on each of the outcomes of interest; and the relatively small sample size (1125 infants), given the low incidence of GBS infection (one to three per 1000 live births) in the general population, meant that the evidence was limited. There is a need to conduct a large, well‐designed randomized trial that examines the efficacy of vaginal disinfection with chlorhexidine for reducing GBS infection in term and preterm infants and overcomes the methodological limitations of the included studies. Costs associated with treatment with antibiotics and lack of skilled personnel have limited the availability of preventative treatment for women in poorer areas of the world. Chlorhexidine is inexpensive and has no impact on development of antibiotic resistance.
 Enteral lactoferrin for the treatment of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates;  Abstract - Background Neonatal sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) cause significant neonatal mortality and morbidity despite appropriate antibiotic therapy. Enhancing host defense and modulating inflammation by using lactoferrin as an adjunct to antibiotics in the treatment of sepsis, NEC, or both, may improve clinical outcomes. Objectives The primary objective was to assess safety and efficacy of oral lactoferrin as an adjunct to antibiotics in the treatment of neonates with suspected or confirmed sepsis, NEC, or both. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2018, Issue 9), MEDLINE via PubMed, PREMEDLINE, (1966 to 20 September 2018) Embase (1980 to 20 September 2018), and CINAHL (1982 to 20 September 2018). We also searched clinical trial databases, conference proceedings, the reference lists of retried articles and clinical trials, and the authors' personal files. Selection criteria We included randomized or quasi‐randomized controlled trials evaluating enteral lactoferrin (at any dose or duration), used as an adjunct to antibiotic therapy, compared with antibiotic therapy alone (with or without placebo) or other adjuncts to antibiotic therapy to treat neonates at any gestational age up to 44 weeks' postmenstrual age with confirmed or suspected sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis (Bell's Stage II or III). Data collection and analysis We used the standardized methods of Cochrane Neonatal for conducting a systematic review and for assessing the methodological quality of studies ( neonatal.cochrane.org/en/index.html ). The titles and the abstracts of studies identified by the search strategy were independently assessed by the two review authors and full text versions were obtained for assessment if necessary. Forms were designed to record trial inclusion/exclusion and data extraction. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. Main results We did not identify any eligible trials evaluating lactoferrin for the treatment of neonatal sepsis or NEC. Authors' conclusions Implications for practice: currently there is no evidence to support or refute the use of enteral lactoferrin, as an adjunct to antibiotic therapy, for the treatment of neonatal sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis. Implications for research: given the lack of efficacy of enteral lactoferrin for preventing late‐onset sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis, evaluation of enteral lactoferrin as an adjunctive agent for treatment of sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis does not appear to be a research priority. Plain language summary Enteral lactoferrin for the treatment of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates Review question Is lactoferrin supplementation, along with antibiotics, effective and safe for babies with sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis? Background Newborn babies, especially those born preterm, are at risk from infections in the blood (sepsis), gastrointestinal inflammation and injury (necrotizing enterocolitis), or both these conditions. A number of babies with sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis die or suffer from long‐term brain and lung damage, despite treatment with antibiotics. Lactoferrin, a substance normally present in human milk, may be effective against infections and gastrointestinal injury. Study characteristics We searched for studies that used lactoferrin supplementation feeds to treat babies with infection or gastrointestinal injury. Key results We did not find any studies on lactoferrin supplementation with antibiotics in treating babies with sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis. It is unlikely that lactoferrin will be used for treatment of infection or intestinal inflammation in preterm babies because it has not been found effective to prevent these illnesses. During infection and intestinal problems feeds are usually not given. We do not recommend studies be done in the future to address this issue. Quality of evidence This could not be assessed as no eligible studies were identified.
 Early additional food and fluids for healthy breastfed full‐term infants;  Abstract - Background Health organisations recommend exclusive breastfeeding for six months. However, the addition of other fluids or foods before six months is common in many countries. Recently, research has suggested that introducing solid food at around four months of age while the baby continues to breastfeed is more protective against developing food allergies compared to exclusive breastfeeding for six months. Other studies have shown that the risks associated with non‐exclusive breastfeeding are dependent on the type of additional food or fluid given. Given this background we felt it was important to update the previous version of this review to incorporate the latest findings from studies examining exclusive compared to non‐exclusive breastfeeding. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of additional food or fluid for full‐term healthy breastfeeding infants and to examine the timing and type of additional food or fluid. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (1 March 2016) and reference lists of all relevant retrieved papers. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials in infants under six months of age comparing exclusive breastfeeding versus breastfeeding with any additional food or fluids. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Two review authors assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We included 11 trials (2542 randomised infants/mothers). Nine trials (2226 analysed) provided data on outcomes of interest to this review. The variation in outcome measures and time points made it difficult to pool results from trials. Data could only be combined in a meta‐analysis for one primary (breastfeeding duration) and one secondary (weight change) outcome. None of the trials reported on physiological jaundice. Infant mortality was only reported in one trial. For the majority of older trials, the description of study methods was inadequate to assess the risk of bias. Most studies that we could assess showed a high risk of other biases and over half were at high risk of selection bias. Providing breastfeeding infants with artifical milk, compared to exclusive breastfeeding, did not affect rates of breastfeeding at hospital discharge (risk ratio (RR) 1.02, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.97 to 1.08; one trial, 100 infants;  low‐quality evidence ). At three months, breastfeeding infants who were provided with artificial milk had higher rates of any breastfeeding compared to exclusively breastfeeding infants (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.41; two trials, 137 infants;  low‐quality evidence ). Infants who were given artifical milk in the first few days after birth before breastfeeding, had less "obvious or probable symptoms" of allergy compared to exclusively breastfeeding infants (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.35 to 0.91; one trial, 207 infants;  very low‐quality evidence ). No difference was found in maternal confidence when comparing non‐exclusive breastfeeding infants who were provided with artificial milk with exclusive breastfeeding infants (mean difference (MD) 0.10, 95% CI ‐0.34 to 0.54; one study, 39 infants;  low‐quality evidence ). Rates of breastfeeding were lower in the non‐exclusive breastfeeding group compared to the exclusive breastfeeding group at four, eight, 12 (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.87; one trial, 170 infants;  low‐quality evidence) , 16 and 20 weeks. The addition of glucose water resulted in fewer episodes of hypoglycaemia (below 2.2 mmol/L) compared to the exclusive breastfeeding group, reported at 12 hours (RR 0.07, 95% CI 0.00 to 1.20; one trial, 170 infants;  very low‐quality evidence ), but no significant difference at 24 hours (RR 1.57, 95% CI 0.27 to 9.17; one trial, 170 infants;  very low‐quality evidence ). Weight loss was lower for infants who received additional glucose water (one trial, 170 infants) at six, 12, 24 and 48 hours of life (MD ‐32.50 g, 95% CI ‐52.09 to ‐12.91;  low‐quality evidence)  compared to the exclusively breastfeeding infants but no difference between groups was observed at 72 hours of life (MD 3.00 g, 95% CI ‐20.83 to 26.83;  very low‐quality evidence).  In another trial with the water and glucose water arms combined (one trial, 47 infants), we found no significant difference in weight loss between the additional fluid group and the exclusively breastfeeding group on either day three or day five (MD ‐1.03%, 95% CI ‐2.24 to 0.18;  very low‐quality evidence ) and (MD ‐0.20%, 95% CI ‐0.86 to 0.46;  very low‐quality evidence ). Infant mortality was reported in one trial with no deaths occurring in either group (1162 infants). The early introduction of potentially allergenic foods, compared to exclusively breastfeeding, did not reduce the risk of "food allergy" to one or more of these foods between one to three years of age (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.25; 1162 children), visible eczema at 12 months stratified by visible eczema at enrolment (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.44; 284 children), or food protein‐induced enterocolitis syndrome reactions (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.18 to 22.04; 1303 children) ( all moderate‐quality evidence).  Breastfeeding infants receiving additional foods from four months showed no difference in infant weight gain (g) from 16 to 26 weeks compared to exclusive breastfeeding to six months (MD ‐39.48, 95% CI ‐128.43 to 49.48; two trials, 260 children;  low‐quality evidence ) or weight z‐scores (MD ‐0.01, 95% CI ‐0.15 to 0.13; one trial, 100 children;  moderate‐quality evidence ). Authors' conclusions We found no evidence of benefit to newborn infants on the duration of breastfeeding from the brief use of additional water or glucose water. The quality of the evidence on formula supplementation was insufficient to suggest a change in practice away from exclusive breastfeeding. For infants at four to six months, we found no evidence of benefit from additional foods nor any risks related to morbidity or weight change. The majority of studies showed high risk of other bias and most outcomes were based on low‐quality evidence which meant that we were unable to fully assess the benefits or harms of supplementation or to determine the impact from timing and type of supplementation . We found no evidence to disagree with the current international recommendation that healthy infants exclusively breastfeed for the first six months. Plain language summary Early additional food and fluids for healthy breastfed full‐term infants What is the issue? Internationally, exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life is recommended but the practice of giving breastfeeding infants other fluids and/or foods before six months is common in many countries and communities. Why is this important? Given that many infants are not exclusively breastfeeding for six months it is important to examine the possible benefits or risks associated with giving breastfeeding infants liquids other than breastmilk or complementary food in the first six months after birth. What evidence did we find? This review includes 11 randomised controlled trials involving 2542 infants. Giving babies small amounts of artificial milk for a few days after birth in addition to breastfeeding did not effect the number of infants with any breastfeeding at hospital discharge though did slightly increase the likelihood of any breastfeeding at three months of age. There was no difference in the level of maternal confidence between the groups. The use of artificial milk before breastfeeding had a slight protective effect against allergy symptoms at 18 months of age compared to exclusive breastfeeding, however the trial did not perform diagnostic challenges or other tests to confirm the allergy symptoms noticed and thus requires caution in interpretation. The likelihood of infants continuing to breastfeed was higher in the exclusive breastfeeding group than the group provided with additional water or glucose water in the first few days after birth. There was no evidence of benefit related to glucose levels, temperature, weight loss to breastfeeding newborn infants who were given additional water or glucose water. Breastfeeding infants receiving complementary foods at four to six months did not show reduced risk of food allergy, eczema, or food protein‐induced enterocolitis syndrome reactions. There was no difference between the early complementary foods and the exclusive breastfeeding groups for the percentage of days of cough, congestion, nasal discharge and hoarseness, fever, iron deficiency or weight gain. What does this mean? This review did not find sufficient evidence for disagreement with the recommendation of the World Health Organization and other international health organisations that as a general policy exclusive breastfeeding, without additional foods or fluids, should be recommended for the first six months after birth.
 Early introduction of lipids to parenterally‐fed preterm infants;  Abstract - Background Lipids are essential components of parenteral nutrition for preterm infants. Parenteral lipids can be administered through a peripheral vein, and their early introduction offers the potential advantages of increasing energy intake and providing essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins. Concerns have been raised about potential adverse effects including chronic lung disease (CLD), increase in pulmonary vascular resistance, impaired pulmonary gas diffusion, bilirubin toxicity, sepsis and free radical stress. Objectives To determine the safety and efficacy of 'early' (≤ 5 days after birth) introduction of lipids to parenterally fed preterm infants. Search methods Eligible studies were identified by searching MEDLINE (December 2004), EMBASE 1980 ‐ 2004, Oxford Database of Perinatal Trials, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL, The Cochrane Library, Issue 4, 2004) and CINAHL (December 1982 ‐ December 2004). Abstracts of the Society for Pediatric Research were hand searched from 1980 to 2004 inclusive. No language restrictions were applied. Selection criteria All randomised or quasi randomised controlled trials comparing 'early' versus 'no early' introduction of lipids to preterm infants. Data collection and analysis Data were sought regarding effects on growth and risk of CLD or death, other respiratory morbidities including duration of respiratory support, duration of supplemental oxygen, the need for home oxygen, pneumothorax (PTX), pulmonary haemorrhage and pulmonary interstitial emphysema (PIE), ≥ stage 2 necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), sepsis, intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH), clinically significant thrombocytopenia and significant jaundice. Methodological quality of eligible studies was assessed according to allocation concealment, blinding of intervention, blinding of outcome assessment and completeness of follow up. When appropriate, meta‐analysis was conducted to provide a pooled estimate of effect. For categorical data the Typical relative risk (RR), Typical risk difference (RD) and number needed to treat (NNT) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated. Continuous data were analysed using weighted mean difference (WMD). Main results Five studies (n = 397) were included in the review. All studies compared the effectiveness and safety of 'early' introduction versus 'no early' introduction of lipids in preterm infants. The timing of introduction of 'early lipids' ranged from < 12 hours after birth to day five of life. The timing of introduction of lipids in the 'no early' lipid group ranged from day six after birth to day 14 after birth. The initial dose ranged from 0.5 ‐ 1 g/kg/day with gradual daily increments up to a maximum of 2.5 ‐ 3.5 g/kg/day.   For the primary outcomes (growth, death and CLD), there was no statistically significant difference between the 'early' lipid and 'no early' lipid groups.   Days to regain birth weight: [WMD 0.59 (95% CI ‐2.41, 3.58); two trials; N = 71].   Rate of weight gain (g/day) during period of hospital stay: [MD ‐2.40 (95% CI ‐5.30, 0.50); one trial; N = 129]   Death (irrespective of time): [Typical RR 1.04 (95% CI 0.69, 1.56); Typical RD 0.01 (95% CI ‐0.07, 0.08); five trials; N = 397]   Neonatal deaths: [Typical RR 1.35 (95% CI 0.78, 2.34); Typical RD 0.05 (95% CI ‐0.04, 0.13); four trials; N = 268].   CLD: [Typical RR 1.10 (95% CI 0.81, 1.49); Typical RD 0.04 (95% CI ‐0.09, 0.17); two trials; N = 193]. For the secondary outcomes of other respiratory morbidities including duration of respiratory support, duration of supplemental oxygen, PTX, pulmonary haemorrhage, PIE, NEC, ROP, PDA, sepsis, IVH and significant jaundice, there were no statistically significant differences between 'early' and 'no early' lipid groups. Authors' conclusions No statistically significant effects of 'early introduction' of lipids on short term nutritional or other clinical outcomes, either benefits or adverse effects, were demonstrated in the studies reviewed. Based on the currently available evidence, 'early' initiation of lipids (≤ 5 days after birth) can not be recommended for short term growth or to prevent morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. Plain language summary Early introduction of lipids to parenterally‐fed preterm infants Premature babies who are not yet ready to digest and absorb full milk feeds are given lipids through a vein to improve their nutrition. The issue of how early the lipids should be introduced to be advantageous while causing no harm is a matter of debate. The review found that, while no side effects were reported, there was no statistically significant benefit of introducing lipids before five days of age. Long term effects of early introduction of lipids in premature babies have not been reported.
 Supplementation with multiple micronutrients for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and baby;  Abstract - Background Globally, more than two billion people are estimated to be deficient in key vitamins and minerals, particularly iodine, iron and zinc. The majority of these people live in low‐income settings and are typically deficient in more than one micronutrient. However, micronutrient deficiency among breastfeeding mothers and their infants also remains an issue in high‐income settings, specifically among women who avoid meat and/or milk, women who may lack sufficient supplies of vitamin B12 and vitamin D, and/or women who are iron‐deficient. Young children, pregnant and lactating women are particularly vulnerable to micronutrient deficiencies. They not only have a relatively greater need for vitamins and minerals because of their physiological state, but are also more susceptible to the harmful consequences of deficiencies. Multiple‐micronutrient supplementation might be an option to solve these problems. Objectives The objective of this review was to evaluate the effects of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation in breastfeeding mothers on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 September 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation of three or more micronutrients versus placebo, no supplementation or supplementation with two or fewer micronutrients, irrespective of dosage of micronutrients, in breastfeeding mothers. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. Main results We found no studies that compared multiple‐micronutrient supplementation (with three or more micronutrients) versus supplementation with two or fewer micronutrients. Two small studies (involving a total of 52 women) were included. One study compared multiple micronutrients with placebo and the other study compared multiple micronutrients with a group who received no supplementation. The studies were carried out in Brazil (36 adolescent mothers) and the USA (16 women) and included women with a low socioeconomic status. A lack of information in the study reports meant that risk of bias could not be adequately assessed (unclear risk of bias for many domains). There were no quantitative data for any of this review's outcomes so meta‐analysis was not possible. Neither of the studies reported on the primary outcomes of interest in this review:  maternal morbidity (febrile illness, respiratory tract infection, diarrhoea) ,  adverse effects of micronutrients within three days of receiving the supplement ,  infant mortality (defined as a child dying before completing the first year of age) . One study reported qualitatively on  maternal anaemia  (a secondary outcome of this review) ‐ the study found that multiple‐micronutrient supplementation was effective for recuperating from anaemia but there were no data for inclusion in our analyses.  Maternal satisfaction  was not reported in the included studies. Similarly, none of this review's infant secondary outcomes were reported in the included studies:  clinical micronutrient deficiency ;  morbidity episodes (febrile illness, respiratory tract infection, diarrhoea, other) ,  adverse effects of micronutrients within three days of receiving the supplement . Authors' conclusions We found no evidence to quantitatively assess the effectiveness of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation in improving health outcomes in mother and baby. The results of this review are limited by the small numbers of studies available, small sample sizes and the studies not reporting on the outcomes of interest in this review. There is no evidence to evaluate potential adverse effects of multiple‐micronutrient supplements, particularly excess dosages. There is a need for high‐quality studies to assess the effectiveness and safety of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and her baby. Further research should focus on whether multiple‐micronutrient supplementation during lactation compared with none, a placebo or supplementation with fewer than two micronutrients is beneficial to maternal and infant health outcomes. Future studies should collect data on outcomes beyond micronutrient concentrations, for example: maternal and infant morbidity, adverse effects, maternal satisfaction, the risks of excess supplementation, and potential adverse interactions between the micronutrients and the other outcomes. This would help to bridge the gap between research on intermediary outcomes and health outcomes in order to develop sound policy in this field. Future studies could more precisely assess a variety of multiple‐micronutrient combinations and different dosages and look at how these affect maternal and infant health outcomes. Larger studies with longer follow‐up would improve the quality of studies and provide stronger evidence. In most of the included studies, bias could not be adequately assessed due to lack of information, therefore attention should be given to adequate methods of randomisation and allocation concealment, adequate methods of blinding of the participants, providers and the outcome assessors to improve the methodological quality of studies in this field. Plain language summary Multiple micronutrient supplementation for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and her baby The benefits and risks of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation during lactation are not clear from randomised controlled studies. Key vitamins and minerals, particularly iodine, iron and zinc, are required in small amounts to ensure normal body metabolism, physical growth and development. Nutrient deficiency affects nearly one third of the world’s population, especially in low‐ and middle‐income countries. Breastfeeding mothers need higher levels than usual in order to provide sufficient vitamins and minerals for their own health and that of their babies, particularly for normal functioning and the growth and development of the baby. Previous studies have assessed supplementation of individual micronutrients. This review looked at the use of multiple‐micronutrient supplements for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and her baby. We searched for studies on 30 September 2015 and identified two small studies (involving 52 women) for inclusion in this review. The studies were carried out in Brazil and the USA and included women who had a low socioeconomic status. The studies were poorly reported and this lack of information made it difficult to determine whether the studies were at risk of bias. Neither of the studies provided data for any of this review's important outcomes: maternal illness (fever, respiratory infection, diarrhoea), adverse effects of micronutrients within three days of taking them, infant death (defined as a child dying before reaching one year of age). Similarly, there were no data for any of the other outcomes that we were interested in. For the mother, these outcomes were maternal anaemia, and women's satisfaction. For the baby, these outcomes were micronutrient deficiency; illness episodes (fever, respiratory infection, diarrhoea, other), adverse effects of micronutrients within three days of the woman receiving the supplement. However, one of the included studies reported that multiple‐micronutrient supplementation was effective for lactating women recuperating from anaemia. There is a need for high‐quality studies to assess the effectiveness and safety of multiple‐micronutrient supplementation for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and her baby. Larger studies with longer‐term follow‐up would improve the quality of studies and provide stronger evidence. Further research should focus on whether multiple‐micronutrient supplementation during lactation (compared with no supplementation, a placebo or supplementation with fewer than two micronutrients) is beneficial to the mother and her baby and any associated adverse effects of the intervention. Futher studies should report on important outcomes such as those listed in this review and consider the risks of excess supplementation. Future studies could more precisely assess a variety of multiple‐micronutrient combinations and different dosages and look at how these effect outcomes for the mother and her baby.
 Post‐operative radiotherapy for ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast;  Abstract - Background The addition of radiotherapy (RT) following breast conserving surgery (BCS) was first shown to reduce the risk of ipsilateral recurrence in the treatment of invasive breast cancer. Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) is a pre‐invasive lesion. Recurrence of ipsilateral disease following BCS can be either DCIS or invasive breast cancer. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that RT can reduce the risk of recurrence, but assessment of potential long‐term complications from addition of RT following BSC for DCIS has not been reported for women participating in RCTs. Objectives To summarise the data from RCTs testing the addition of RT to BCS for treatment of DCIS to determine the balance between the benefits and harms. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Breast Cancer Group Specialised Register (2 June 2011), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2008, Issue 1), MEDLINE (2 June 2011), EMBASE (2 June 2011) and the World Health Organization's International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP; 2 June 2011). Reference lists of articles and handsearching of ASCO (2007), ESMO (2002 to 2007), and St Gallen (2005 to 2007) conferences were performed. Selection criteria RCTs of breast conserving surgery with and without radiotherapy in women at first diagnosis of pure ductal carcinoma in situ (no invasive disease present). Data collection and analysis Two authors independently assessed each potentially eligible trial for inclusion and its quality. Two authors also independently extracted data from published Kaplan‐Meier analysis (survival curves) and reported summary statistics. Data were extracted and pooled for four trials. Data for planned subgroups were extracted and pooled for analysis.There were insufficient data to pool for long‐term toxicity from radiotherapy. Main results Four RCTs involving 3925 women were identified and included in this review. All were high quality with minimal risk of bias. Three trials compared the addition of RT to BCS. One trial was a two by two factorial design comparing the use of RT and tamoxifen, each separately or together, in which participants were randomised in at least one arm. Analysis confirmed a statistically significant benefit from the addition of radiotherapy on all ipsilateral breast events (hazards ratio (HR) 0.49; 95% CI 0.41 to 0.58, P < 0.00001), ipsilateral invasive recurrence (HR 0.50; 95% CI 0.32 to 0.76, p=0.001) and ipsilateral DCIS recurrence (HR 0.61; 95% CI 0.39 to 0.95, P = 0.03). All the subgroups analysed benefited from addition of radiotherapy. No significant long‐term toxicity from radiotherapy was found. No information about short‐term toxicity from radiotherapy or quality of life data were reported. Authors' conclusions This review confirms the benefit of adding radiotherapy to breast conserving surgery for the treatment of all women diagnosed with DCIS. No long‐term toxicity from use of radiotherapy was identified. Plain language summary Post‐operative radiotherapy for ductal carcinoma in situ Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) is characterised by the development of cancerous cells in the milk ducts of the breast and is commonly diagnosed by mammography screening. Surgical removal of the breast offers a good prognosis, however many women and clinicians prefer breast conserving surgery (BCS), the removal of the DCIS plus a rim of normal breast tissue, as there is no guarantee that DCIS will progress to invasive cancer. This approach means that most of the normal breast is saved. The main risk of inadequately removing all the DCIS is either a recurrence of DCIS or the development of invasive breast cancer at a later time with the risk that this can progress to metastatic disease (cancer that has spread). Radiotherapy (RT) is treatment using ionising radiation. Giving RT after BCS is thought to reduce the risk of developing recurrent disease (either DCIS or invasive breast cancer). This review aimed to assess both the benefit of adding RT to treatment and any potential long or short‐term harm it may cause. Short‐term harm includes skin rash and redness, or inflammation of lung tissue. Potential long‐term side effects from RT include vascular disease (heart and major blood vessel disease), damage to the lungs, development of lung cancer, or osteoradionecrosis (bone damage resulting in bone death). The review identified four large randomised controlled trials (3925 women) that compared treatment with breast conserving surgery alone and breast conserving surgery with the addition of RT. The addition of RT reduced the risk of a recurrence of either DCIS or invasive cancer in the treated breast by 51%. Older trials of breast conserving surgery followed by RT for invasive breast cancer have shown long‐term toxicity from the addition of RT. We found no evidence of increased toxicity from the use of RT although some trials did not report on the causes of non‐breast cancer deaths (deaths which potentially could be related to side effects). The number of non‐breast cancer deaths reported were similar in both radiotherapy and control groups. Changes in delivery of RT between older and more recent trials and a subsequent decrease in exposure of normal tissue may account for this finding. Longer follow up of trial participants is required before a definite conclusion can be drawn, however radiotherapy techniques are continuing to improve and future patients are likely to experience a further decrease in exposure of nearby normal tissues. Overall survival was high and similar between each group whether radiotherapy was used or not. There were no reports of short‐term toxicity from use of radiotherapy, or quality of life data.
 Cup feeding versus other forms of supplemental enteral feeding for newborn infants unable to fully breastfeed;  Abstract - Background Breast milk provides optimal nutrition for term and preterm infants, and the ideal way for infants to receive breast milk is through suckling at the breast. Unfortunately, this may not always be possible for medical or physiological reasons such as being born sick or preterm and as a result requiring supplemental feeding. Currently, there are various ways in which infants can receive supplemental feeds. Traditionally in neonatal and maternity units, bottles and nasogastric tubes have been used; however, cup feeding is becoming increasingly popular as a means of offering supplemental feeds in an attempt to improve breastfeeding rates. There is no consistency to guide the choice of method for supplemental feeding. Objectives To determine the effects of cup feeding versus other forms of supplemental enteral feeding on weight gain and achievement of successful breastfeeding in term and preterm infants who are unable to fully breastfeed. Search methods We used the standard search strategy of the Cochrane Neonatal Review group to search the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL 2016, Issue 1), MEDLINE via PubMed (1966 to 31 January 2016), Embase (1980 to 31 January 2016), and CINAHL (1982 to 31 January 2016). We also searched clinical trials' databases, conference proceedings, and the reference lists of retrieved articles for randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised trials. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials comparing cup feeding to other forms of enteral feeding for the supplementation of term and preterm infants. Data collection and analysis Data collection and analysis was performed in accordance with the methods of Cochrane Neonatal. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of evidence. The review authors independently conducted quality assessments and data extraction for included trials. Outcomes reported from these studies were: weight gain; proportion not breastfeeding at hospital discharge; proportion not feeding at three months of age; proportion not feeding at six months of age; proportion not fully feeding at hospital discharge; proportion not fully breastfeeding at three months of age; proportion not fully breastfeeding at six months of age; average time per feed (minutes); length of stay; and physiological events of instability such as bradycardia, apnoea, and low oxygen saturation. For continuous variables such as weight gain, mean differences and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were reported. For categorical outcomes such as mortality, the relative risks (RR) and 95% CIs were reported. Main results The experimental intervention was cup feeding and the control intervention was bottle feeding in all five studies included in this review. One study reported weight gain as g/kg/day and there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups (MD −0.60, 95% CI −3.21 to 2.01); while a second study reported weight gain in the first seven days as grams/day and also showed no statistically significant difference between the two groups (MD −0.10, 95% CI −0.36 to 0.16). There was substantial variation in results for the majority of breastfeeding outcomes, except for not breastfeeding at three months (three studies) (typical RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.97) which favoured cup feeding. Where there was moderate heterogeneity meta‐analysis was performed: not breastfeeding at six months (two studies) (typical RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.72 to 0.95); not fully breastfeeding at hospital discharge (four studies) (typical RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.71). Two studies reported average time to feed which showed no difference between the two groups. Two studies assessed length of hospital stay and there was considerable variation in results and in the direction of effect. Only one study has reported gestational age at discharge, which showed no difference between the two groups (MD −0.10, 95% CI −0.54 to 0.34). Authors' conclusions As the majority of infants in the included studies are preterm infants, no recommendations can be made for cup feeding term infants due to the lack of evidence in this population. From the studies of preterm infants, cup feeding may have some benefits for late preterm infants and on breastfeeding rates up to six months of age. Self‐reported breastfeeding status and compliance to supplemental interventions may over‐report exclusivity and compliance, as societal expectations of breastfeeding and not wishing to disappoint healthcare professionals may influence responses at interview and on questionnaires. The results for length of stay are mixed, with the study involving lower gestational age preterm infants finding that those fed by cup spent approximately 10 days longer in hospital, whereas the study involving preterm infants at a higher gestational age, who did not commence cup feeding until 35 weeks' gestation, did not have a longer length of stay, with both groups staying on average 26 days. This finding may have been influenced by gestational age at birth and gestational age at commencement of cup feeding, and their mothers' visits; (a large number of mothers of these late preterm infants lived regionally from the hospital and could visit at least twice per week). Compliance to the intervention of cup feeding remains a challenge. The two largest studies have both reported non‐compliance, with one study analysing data by intention to treat and the other excluding those infants from the analysis. This may have influenced the findings of the trial. Non‐compliance issues need consideration before further large randomised controlled trials are undertaken as this influences power of the study and therefore the statistical results. In addition larger studies with better‐quality (especially blinded) outcome assessment with 100% follow‐up are needed. Plain language summary Cup feeding versus other forms of supplemental enteral feeding for newborn infants unable to fully breastfeed Review question: For both term and preterm infants we wanted to identify the best method for offering supplemental feeds and asked if cup feeding is a better way to supplementally feed rather than bottle feeding or feeding with a tube, when newborn infants are unable to fully breastfeed. Background: Most infants born at term or slightly preterm can fully breastfeed following birth. However for a number of reasons some term newborns and many preterm newborns may not be able to fully breastfeed and require supplemental feeding by alternative methods, such as a cup, syringe, bottle or feeding tube, until they are able to fully breastfeed. Study characteristics: Our search for eligible studies conducted on 31 January 2016 revealed five studies, all comparing cup and bottle feeding in newborn infants, which we were able to include in this review. These studies were conducted in neonatal and maternity units in hospitals in Australia, the United Kingdom, Brazil and Turkey. The mean gestational age of the infants in most of the studies were similar at the time of entry into the study. In four of the studies the intervention (cup or bottle) commenced from the time of enrolment into the study, when the infants first needed a supplemental feed and were as young as 30 weeks' gestation. In the study conducted in Turkey, supplemental feeding was not commenced on enrolment into the study and at the time of first supplemental feed but delayed until infants were at least 35 weeks of age. Key results: For some of the outcomes, the results of the different studies could not be combined. This included not breastfeeding at hospital discharge; not exclusively breastfeeding at three months and at six months; the average time taken for a feed; and the number of days spent in hospital. For each of these outcomes, the results from some studies favoured cup feeding, while the results from other studies favoured bottle feeding. For some of the outcomes, the results of the different studies could be combined: there was no difference in weight gain or gestational age at discharge between those infants who recieved supplemental feeds by cup compared to bottle. However those infants who received supplemental feeds by cup were more likely to be exclusively breastfeeding at hospital discharge and were more likely to be receiving some breastfeeds at three and six months of age. As the studies mostly included preterm infants and few term infants, no recommendations can be made for cup feeding term infants. Quality of evidence: The quality of evidence for weight gain, length of stay, not breastfeeding at hospital discharge and at six months of age and exclusively breastfeeding at hospital discharge and at six months of age is graded very low to low. In the studies included in this review, it is reported that many infants who were to receive supplemental feeds by cup received supplemental feeds by other means as either the parents or nurses did not like cup feeding.
 Exfoliative cytology for diagnosing basal cell carcinoma and other skin cancers in adults;  Abstract - Background Early accurate detection of all skin cancer types is essential to guide appropriate management, reduce morbidity and improve survival. Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is usually localised to the skin but has potential to infiltrate and damage surrounding tissue, while cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) and melanoma have a much higher potential to metastasise and ultimately lead to death. Exfoliative cytology is a non‐invasive test that uses the Tzanck smear technique to identify disease by examining the structure of cells obtained from scraped samples. This simple procedure is a less invasive diagnostic test than a skin biopsy, and for BCC it has the potential to provide an immediate diagnosis that avoids an additional clinic visit to receive skin biopsy results. This may benefit patients scheduled for either Mohs micrographic surgery or non‐surgical treatments such as radiotherapy. A cytology scrape can never give the same information as a skin biopsy, however, so it is important to better understand in which skin cancer situations it may be helpful. Objectives To determine the diagnostic accuracy of exfoliative cytology for detecting basal cell carcinoma (BCC) in adults, and to compare its accuracy with that of standard diagnostic practice (visual inspection with or without dermoscopy). Secondary objectives were: to determine the diagnostic accuracy of exfoliative cytology for detecting cSCC, invasive melanoma and atypical intraepidermal melanocytic variants, and any other skin cancer; and for each of these secondary conditions to compare the accuracy of exfoliative cytology with visual inspection with or without dermoscopy in direct test comparisons; and to determine the effect of observer experience. Search methods We undertook a comprehensive search of the following databases from inception up to August 2016: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; MEDLINE; Embase; CINAHL; CPCI; Zetoc; Science Citation Index; US National Institutes of Health Ongoing Trials Register; NIHR Clinical Research Network Portfolio Database; and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. We also studied the reference lists of published systematic review articles. Selection criteria Studies evaluating exfoliative cytology in adults with lesions suspicious for BCC, cSCC or melanoma, compared with a reference standard of histological confirmation. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted all data using a standardised data extraction and quality assessment form (based on QUADAS‐2). Where possible we estimated summary sensitivities and specificities using the bivariate hierarchical model. Main results We synthesised the results of nine studies contributing a total of 1655 lesions to our analysis, including 1120 BCCs (14 datasets), 41 cSCCs (amongst 401 lesions in 2 datasets), and 10 melanomas (amongst 200 lesions in 1 dataset). Three of these datasets (one each for BCC, melanoma and any malignant condition) were derived from one study that also performed a direct comparison with dermoscopy. Studies were of moderate to poor quality, providing inadequate descriptions of participant selection, thresholds used to make cytological and histological diagnoses, and blinding. Reporting of participants' prior referral pathways was particularly poor, as were descriptions of the cytodiagnostic criteria used to make diagnoses. No studies evaluated the use of exfoliative cytology as a primary diagnostic test for detecting BCC or other skin cancers in lesions suspicious for skin cancer. Pooled data from seven studies using standard cytomorphological criteria (but various stain methods) to detect BCC in participants with a high clinical suspicion of BCC estimated the sensitivity and specificity of exfoliative cytology as 97.5% (95% CI 94.5% to 98.9%) and 90.1% (95% CI 81.1% to 95.1%). respectively. When applied to a hypothetical population of 1000 clinically suspected BCC lesions with a median observed BCC prevalence of 86%, exfoliative cytology would miss 21 BCCs and would lead to 14 false positive diagnoses of BCC. No false positive cases were histologically confirmed to be melanoma. Insufficient data are available to make summary statements regarding the accuracy of exfoliative cytology to detect melanoma or cSCC, or its accuracy compared to dermoscopy. Authors' conclusions The utility of exfoliative cytology for the primary diagnosis of skin cancer is unknown, as all included studies focused on the use of this technique for confirming strongly suspected clinical diagnoses. For the confirmation of BCC in lesions with a high clinical suspicion, there is evidence of high sensitivity and specificity. Since decisions to treat low‐risk BCCs are unlikely in practice to require diagnostic confirmation given that clinical suspicion is already high, exfoliative cytology might be most useful for cases of BCC where the treatments being contemplated require a tissue diagnosis (e.g. radiotherapy). The small number of included studies, poor reporting and varying methodological quality prevent us from drawing strong conclusions to guide clinical practice. Despite insufficient data on the use of cytology for cSCC or melanoma, it is unlikely that cytology would be useful in these scenarios since preservation of the architecture of the whole lesion that would be available from a biopsy provides crucial diagnostic information. Given the paucity of good quality data, appropriately designed prospective comparative studies may be required to evaluate both the diagnostic value of exfoliative cytology by comparison to dermoscopy, and its confirmatory value in adequately reported populations with a high probability of BCC scheduled for further treatment requiring a tissue diagnosis. Plain language summary How accurate is exfoliative cytology ('skin scrape' cytology) for diagnosing basal cell carcinoma and other skin cancers in adults? Why is improving the diagnosis of skin cancer important? There are a number of different types of skin cancer. The most common is basal cell carcinoma (BCC). BCC is a localised cancer that can grow and destroy the skin around it. They rarely spread into the body like other cancers can. Very small or superficial low‐risk BCCs can generally be treated with treatments such as creams rather than surgery, while it is better to surgically remove BCCs that are more likely to grow and spread. Radiotherapy (a treatment where radiation is used to kill cancer cells) can also be used if BCCs are very large or cannot be removed by surgery. Cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) is also usually a localised skin cancer. In a small proportion of cases it can spread to other parts of the body, so the best treatment is to remove it using surgery. Melanoma is one of the most dangerous forms of skin cancer as it has a higher potential to spread to other parts of the body, and so it is vital to recognise it and remove it early. If people with BCC do not receive the correct diagnosis (known as a false negative test result), their treatment can be delayed, making the surgical procedure more complicated. Diagnosing BCC when it is actually something else (a false positive result) may result in unnecessary treatment, surgery or other investigations and can cause the patient stress and anxiety. If BCC is incorrectly diagnosed in an individual who actually has an cSCC or melanoma, effective treatment can be delayed and this might lead to a greater chance that the cSCC or melanoma spreads to other organs in the body, which can be very serious. What is the aim of the review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out how accurate a technique called 'exfoliative cytology' is for diagnosing skin cancer. Researchers in Cochrane found nine studies to answer this question. Nine studies were concerned with the diagnosis of BCC, two with the diagnosis of cSCC and one with the diagnosis of melanoma. What was studied in the review? Exfoliative cytology means scraping the surface of a possible skin cancer with a knife and then spreading a small layer of the scrape onto a glass slide so that the cells in the scrape can be stained and looked at under a microscope. It is less invasive than skin biopsy and quick to perform, with results available immediately. This could save patients an additional clinic visit to receive skin biopsy results. What are the main results of the review? The review examined nine studies with a total of 1655 lesions (a mole or area of skin with an unusual appearance in comparison with the surrounding skin) that were given these final diagnoses*: 1120 BCCs, 41 cSCCs and 10 melanomas. For identifying BCC, seven studies show the effect of using exfoliative cytology to confirm BCC in lesions that doctors already suspected were BCCs. In a group of 1000 such lesions, of which 860 (86%) actually do have BCC, then: ‐ an estimated 853 people will have an exfoliative cytology result confirming that a BCC is present. Of these 14 (1.6%) will not actually have a BCC (false positive result); ‐ of the 147 people with an exfoliative cytology result indicating that no BCC is present, 21 (14%) will in fact actually have a BCC (false negative result). One study compared the accuracy of exfoliative cytology to using a hand‐held microscope (dermoscopy) for making a diagnosis of BCC but used a different method of removing cells and included patients with a higher risk of melanoma than found in the other eight studies. There was not enough evidence to determine the accuracy of exfoliative cytology for diagnosing cSCC or melanoma. How reliable are the results of the studies of this review? The small number of studies included in this review, poor description of how patients were selected to be included in the study, and limited information on how the test results were used to make diagnoses, reduces the reliability of our results. The studies did not explain how patients had been referred to have the exfoliative cytology test. Most important of all, the test was only used in people in whom doctors had already diagnosed a BCC just by looking at the skin lesion. In other words, the test was being used to confirm a doctor's diagnosis. Most studies did not include enough people with skin lesions that are similar in appearance to a BCC to be sure that this test correctly identifies a BCC. This may cause exfoliative cytology to appear more accurate than it would be in actual practice. Who do the results of this review apply to? Studies were conducted in the UK, across Europe and in Australia. Study authors rarely described patient characteristics, such as age and location of the lesion. The percentage of people included in the studies with a final diagnosis of BCC ranged from 18% to 90% (nine studies). For cSCC it was 4% and 18% (two studies), and for melanoma it was 5% (one study). It was not possible to tell from the studies how clinicians had decided that study participants had lesions that could be a skin cancer. What are the implications of this review? No research has been done using exfoliative cytology to diagnose a skin cancer when a patient is first seen by a doctor. The results of this review suggest that exfoliative cytology can help to confirm BCC in patients with skin lesions that a doctor already suspects of being a BCC. This test could be useful for patients with BCCs that need non‐surgical treatments, such as radiotherapy, where a tissue diagnosis is needed before the treatment can be given. How up‐to‐date is this review? The review authors searched for and used studies published up to August 2016. *In these studies, biopsy was the reference standard (means of establishing the final diagnosis).
 Topical antimicrobial agents for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes;  Abstract - Background People with diabetes are at high risk for developing foot ulcers, which often become infected. These wounds, especially when infected, cause substantial morbidity. Wound treatments should aim to alleviate symptoms, promote healing, and avoid adverse outcomes, especially lower extremity amputation. Topical antimicrobial therapy has been used on diabetic foot ulcers, either as a treatment for clinically infected wounds, or to prevent infection in clinically uninfected wounds. Objectives To evaluate the effects of treatment with topical antimicrobial agents on: the resolution of signs and symptoms of infection; the healing of infected diabetic foot ulcers; and preventing infection and improving healing in clinically uninfected diabetic foot ulcers. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register, CENTRAL, Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations), Ovid Embase, and EBSCO CINAHL Plus in August 2016. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and checked reference lists to identify additional studies. We used no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication, or study setting. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials conducted in any setting (inpatient or outpatient) that evaluated topical treatment with any type of solid or liquid (e.g., cream, gel, ointment) antimicrobial agent, including antiseptics, antibiotics, and antimicrobial dressings, in people with diabetes mellitus who were diagnosed with an ulcer or open wound of the foot, whether clinically infected or uninfected. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, 'Risk of bias' assessment, and data extraction. Initial disagreements were resolved by discussion, or by including a third review author when necessary. Main results We found 22 trials that met our inclusion criteria with a total of over 2310 participants (one study did not report number of participants). The included studies mostly had small numbers of participants (from 4 to 317) and relatively short follow‐up periods (4 to 24 weeks). At baseline, six trials included only people with ulcers that were clinically infected; one trial included people with both infected and uninfected ulcers; two trials included people with non‐infected ulcers; and the remaining 13 studies did not report infection status. Included studies employed various topical antimicrobial treatments, including antimicrobial dressings (e.g. silver, iodides), super‐oxidised aqueous solutions, zinc hyaluronate, silver sulphadiazine, tretinoin, pexiganan cream, and chloramine. We performed the following five comparisons based on the included studies: Antimicrobial dressings compared with non‐antimicrobial dressings:  Pooled data from five trials with a total of 945 participants suggest (based on the average treatment effect from a random‐effects model) that more wounds may heal when treated with an antimicrobial dressing than with a non‐antimicrobial dressing: risk ratio (RR) 1.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.12 to 1.45. These results correspond to an additional 119 healing events in the antimicrobial‐dressing arm per 1000 participants (95% CI 51 to 191 more). We consider this low‐certainty evidence (downgraded twice due to risk of bias) .  The evidence on adverse events or other outcomes was uncertain (very low‐certainty evidence, frequently downgraded due to risk of bias and imprecision). Antimicrobial topical treatments (non dressings) compared with non‐antimicrobial topical treatments (non dressings):  There were four trials with a total of 132 participants in this comparison that contributed variously to the estimates of outcome data. Evidence was generally of low or very low certainty, and the 95% CIs spanned benefit and harm: proportion of wounds healed RR 2.82 (95% CI 0.56 to 14.23; 112 participants; 3 trials; very low‐certainty evidence); achieving resolution of infection RR 1.16 (95% CI 0.54 to 2.51; 40 participants; 1 trial; low‐certainty evidence); undergoing surgical resection RR 1.67 (95% CI 0.47 to 5.90; 40 participants; 1 trial; low‐certainty evidence); and sustaining an adverse event (no events in either arm; 81 participants; 2 trials; very low‐certainty evidence). Comparison of different topical antimicrobial treatments:  We included eight studies with a total of 250 participants, but all of the comparisons were different and no data could be appropriately pooled. Reported outcome data were limited and we are uncertain about the relative effects of antimicrobial topical agents for each of our review outcomes for this comparison, that is wound healing, resolution of infection, surgical resection, and adverse events (all very low‐certainty evidence). Topical antimicrobials compared with systemic antibiotics :  We included four studies with a total of 937 participants. These studies reported no wound‐healing data, and the evidence was uncertain for the relative effects on resolution of infection in infected ulcers and surgical resection (very low certainty). On average, there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events between the compared topical antimicrobial and systemic antibiotics treatments: RR 0.91 (95% CI 0.78 to 1.06; moderate‐certainty evidence ‐ downgraded once for inconsistency). Topical antimicrobial agents compared with growth factor:  We included one study with 40 participants. The only review‐relevant outcome reported was number of ulcers healed, and these data were uncertain (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions The randomised controlled trial data on the effectiveness and safety of topical antimicrobial treatments for diabetic foot ulcers is limited by the availability of relatively few, mostly small, and often poorly designed trials. Based on our systematic review and analysis of the literature, we suggest that: 1) use of an antimicrobial dressing instead of a non‐antimicrobial dressing may increase the number of diabetic foot ulcers healed over a medium‐term follow‐up period (low‐certainty evidence); and 2) there is probably little difference in the risk of adverse events related to treatment between systemic antibiotics and topical antimicrobial treatments based on the available studies (moderate‐certainty evidence). For each of the other outcomes we examined there were either no reported data or the available data left us uncertain as to whether or not there were any differences between the compared treatments. Given the high, and increasing, frequency of diabetic foot wounds, we encourage investigators to undertake properly designed randomised controlled trials in this area to evaluate the effects of topical antimicrobial treatments for both the prevention and the treatment of infection in these wounds and ultimately the effects on wound healing. Plain language summary Topical antimicrobial agents (antibacterial products applied directly to wounds) for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes Review question We reviewed the evidence about whether or not antimicrobial agents (antibacterial products) can prevent or treat foot infections in people with diabetes when they are applied topically (directly to the affected area). We wanted to find out if antibacterial treatments could help both infected and uninfected wounds to heal, and prevent infection in uninfected wounds. Background People with diabetes are at high risk of developing foot ulcers. These wounds can cause discomfort and often become infected. Diabetic foot ulcers that do not heal can result in amputation of part or all of the foot or even the lower leg. Antimicrobial agents, such as antiseptics and antibiotics, kill or prevent bacteria from growing, and are sometimes used to treat diabetic foot ulcers. Antimicrobials may be used either to reduce infection or promote healing in infected wounds, or to prevent infection or promote healing in wounds where infection has not been detected. We wanted to find out whether antimicrobial treatments were effective in either of these cases; which treatments were most effective; and if those treated experienced any harmful side effects. Study characteristics In August 2016 we searched for randomised controlled trials involving the use of any antimicrobial treatment on foot ulcers or other open wounds of the foot in people with diabetes. We found 22 trials involving a total of over 2310 adult participants (one trial did not report the number of participants). Participant numbers in each trial ranged from 4 to 317 and follow‐up times during and after treatment ranged from 4 to 24 weeks. Some trials included participants with ulcers that were infected, while other trials included participants with ulcers that were uninfected. The trials compared a variety of different antimicrobial dressings, solutions, gels, creams, or ointments. Key results Many of the trials did not report important data, which means the reliability of the results is uncertain. The results of five trials involving 945 participants suggest that use of some type of antimicrobial dressing may increase the number of ulcers healed in medium‐term follow‐up (4 to 24 weeks) when compared with a non‐antimicrobial dressing (low certainty evidence). Due to limited information, we were unable to assess the effectiveness of treatments in either preventing or resolving wound infection. Four trials involving 937 participants compared systemic antibiotics (given by mouth or via injection, distributed to the whole body by the bloodstream) with antimicrobial treatments applied directly to the wound. These trials did not provide data on healing or infection, but it appeared that there was no difference in the side effects experienced by participants whose ulcers were treated systemically or topically (moderate certainty evidence). Quality of the evidence Overall, the certainty of the evidence provided by the trials was too low for us to be certain of the benefits and harms of topical antimicrobial treatments for treating foot ulcers in people with diabetes. More, larger, and better‐designed randomised controlled trials should be carried out in this area.
 Laxatives for the management of constipation in people receiving palliative care;  Abstract - Background This article describes the second update of a Cochrane review on the effectiveness of laxatives for the management of constipation in people receiving palliative care. Previous versions were published in 2006 and 2010 where we also evaluated trials of methylnaltrexone; these trials have been removed as they are included in another review in press. In these earlier versions, we drew no conclusions on individual effectiveness of different laxatives because of the limited number of evaluations. This is despite constipation being common in palliative care, generating considerable suffering due to the unpleasant physical symptoms and the availability of a wide range of laxatives with known differences in effect in other populations. Objectives To determine the effectiveness and differential efficacy of laxatives used to manage constipation in people receiving palliative care. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL;  The Cochrane Library ), MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL and Web of Science (SCI & CPCI‐S) for trials to September 2014. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating laxatives for constipation in people receiving palliative care. Data collection and analysis Two authors assessed trial quality and extracted data. The appropriateness of combining data from the studies depended upon clinical and outcome measure homogeneity. Main results We identified five studies involving the laxatives lactulose, senna, co‐danthramer, misrakasneham, docusate and magnesium hydroxide with liquid paraffin. Overall, the study findings were at an unclear risk of bias. As all five studies compared different laxatives or combinations of laxatives, it was not possible to perform a meta‐analysis. There was no evidence on whether individual laxatives were more effective than others or caused fewer adverse effects. Authors' conclusions This second update found that laxatives were of similar effectiveness but the evidence remains limited due to insufficient data from a few small RCTs. None of the studies evaluated polyethylene glycol or any intervention given rectally. There is a need for more trials to evaluate the effectiveness of laxatives in palliative care populations. Extrapolating findings on the effectiveness of laxatives evaluated in other populations should proceed with caution. This is because of the differences inherent in people receiving palliative care that may impact, in a likely negative way, on the effect of a laxative. Plain language summary Laxatives for the management of constipation in people receiving palliative care Background People with an incurable illness may receive palliative care, which involves making the person as comfortable as possible by controlling pain and other distressing symptoms. People receiving palliative care commonly experience constipation. This is as a result of the use of medicines (e.g. morphine) for pain control, as well as disease, dietary and mobility factors. There is a wide range of laxatives available. The aim of this review was to determine what we know about the effectiveness of laxatives for the management of constipation in people receiving palliative care. Study characteristics We searched medical databases for clinical trials of the use of laxatives for constipation in people receiving palliative care. Two review authors assessed study quality and extracted data. Key results and quality of evidence We identified five studies involving 370 people. The laxatives evaluated were lactulose, senna, co‐danthramer combined with poloxamer, docusate and magnesium hydroxide combined with liquid paraffin. Misrakasneham was also evaluated; this is a traditional Indian medicine and is used as a laxative, containing castor oil, ghee, milk and 21 types of herbs. There was no evidence on which laxative provided the best treatment. However, the review was limited as the evidence was from only five small trials and patient preference and cost were under evaluated. Further rigorous, independent trials are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of laxatives.
 Preoperative fasting for preventing perioperative complications in children;  Abstract - Background Children, like adults, are required to fast before general anaesthesia with the aim of reducing the volume and acidity of their stomach contents. It is thought that fasting reduces the risk of regurgitation and aspiration of gastric contents during surgery. Recent developments have encouraged a shift from the standard 'nil‐by‐mouth‐from‐midnight' fasting policy to more relaxed regimens. Practice has been slow to change due to questions relating to the duration of a total fast, the type and amount of intake permitted. Objectives To systematically assess the effects of different fasting regimens (duration, type and volume of permitted intake) and the impact on perioperative complications and patient well being (aspiration, regurgitation, related morbidity, thirst, hunger, pain, comfort, behaviour, nausea and vomiting) in children. Search methods We searched Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (searched 25/6/09), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library , Issue 2 2009), Ovid MEDLINE (1950 to June Week 2 2009), Ovid EMBASE (1980 to 2009 Week 25), EBSCO CINAHL (1982 to June Week 3 2009), the National Research Register, relevant conference proceedings and article reference lists and contacted experts. Selection criteria Randomised and quasi randomised controlled trials of preoperative fasting regimens for children were identified. Data collection and analysis Data extraction and trial quality assessment was conducted independently by three authors. Trial authors were contacted for additional information including adverse events. Main results This first update of the review identified two additional eligible studies, bringing the total number of included studies to 25 (forty seven randomised controlled comparisons involving 2543 children considered to be at normal risk of regurgitation or aspiration during anaesthesia). Only one incidence of aspiration and regurgitation was reported. Children permitted fluids up to 120 minutes preoperatively were not found to experience higher gastric volumes or lower gastric pH values than those who fasted. The children permitted fluids were less thirsty and hungry, better behaved and more comfortable than those who fasted. Clear fluids preoperatively did not result in a clinically important difference in children's gastric volume or pH. Evidence relating to the preoperative intake of milk was sparse. The volume of fluid permitted during the preoperative period did not appear to impact on children's intraoperative gastric volume or pH contents. Authors' conclusions There is no evidence that children who are denied oral fluids for more than six hours preoperatively benefit in terms of intraoperative gastric volume and pH compared with children permitted unlimited fluids up to two hours preoperatively. Children permitted fluids have a more comfortable preoperative experience in terms of thirst and hunger. This evidence applies only to children who are considered to be at normal risk of aspiration/regurgitation during anaesthesia. Plain language summary Preoperative fasting for children to prevent complications during surgery General anaesthetics inhibit the protective reflexes that stop the stomach contents reaching the lungs. In order to prevent the inadvertent inhalation of stomach contents, children are often advised to have nothing to eat or drink from the midnight before surgery. However, the review of trials found that drinking clear fluids up to a few hours before surgery did not increase the risk of regurgitation during or after surgery. Indeed there is an added benefit of a more comfortable preoperative experience in terms of thirst and hunger. Some children are considered more likely to regurgitate under anaesthetic, including those who are obese or have stomach disorders. More research is needed to determine whether these children can also safely drink up to a few hours before surgery.
 Topical capsaicin (high concentration) for chronic neuropathic pain in adults;  Abstract - Background This review is an update of 'Topical capsaicin (high concentration) for chronic neuropathic pain in adults' last updated in Issue 2, 2013. Topical creams with capsaicin are used to treat peripheral neuropathic pain. Following application to the skin, capsaicin causes enhanced sensitivity, followed by a period with reduced sensitivity and, after repeated applications, persistent desensitisation. High‐concentration (8%) capsaicin patches were developed to increase the amount of capsaicin delivered; rapid delivery was thought to improve tolerability because cutaneous nociceptors are 'defunctionalised' quickly. The single application avoids noncompliance. Only the 8% patch formulation of capsaicin is available, with a capsaicin concentration about 100 times greater than conventional creams. High‐concentration topical capsaicin is given as a single patch application to the affected part. It must be applied under highly controlled conditions, often following local anaesthetic, due to the initial intense burning sensation it causes. The benefits are expected to last for about 12 weeks, when another application might be made. Objectives To review the evidence from controlled trials on the efficacy and tolerability of topically applied, high‐concentration (8%) capsaicin in chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Search methods For this update, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, two clinical trials registries, and a pharmaceutical company's website to 10 June 2016. Selection criteria Randomised, double‐blind, placebo‐controlled studies of at least 6 weeks' duration, using high‐concentration (5% or more) topical capsaicin to treat neuropathic pain. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently searched for studies, extracted efficacy and adverse event data, and examined issues of study quality and potential bias. Where pooled analysis was possible, we used dichotomous data to calculate risk ratio and numbers needed to treat for one additional event, using standard methods. Efficacy outcomes reflecting long‐duration pain relief after a single drug application were from the Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) at specific points, usually 8 and 12 weeks. We also assessed average pain scores over weeks 2 to 8 and 2 to 12 and the number of participants with pain intensity reduction of at least 30% or at least 50% over baseline, and information on adverse events and withdrawals. We assessed the quality of the evidence using GRADE and created a 'Summary of findings' table. Main results We included eight studies, involving 2488 participants, two more studies and 415 more participants than the previous version of this review. Studies were of generally good methodological quality; we judged only one study at high risk of bias, due to small size. Two studies used a placebo control and six used 0.04% topical capsaicin as an 'active' placebo to help maintain blinding. Efficacy outcomes were inconsistently reported, resulting in analyses for most outcomes being based on less than complete data. For postherpetic neuralgia, we found four studies (1272 participants). At both 8 and 12 weeks about 10% more participants reported themselves much or very much improved with high‐concentration capsaicin than with 'active' placebo; the point estimates of numbers needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTs) were 8.8 (95% confidence interval (CI) 5.3 to 26) at 8 weeks and 7.0 (95% CI 4.6 to 15) at 12 weeks (2 studies, 571 participants; moderate quality evidence). More participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 8‐week and 2 to 12‐week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% and at least 50% with capsaicin than control, with NNT values between 10 and 12 (2 to 4 studies, 571 to 1272 participants; very low quality evidence). For painful HIV‐neuropathy, we found two studies (801 participants). One study reported the proportion of participants who were much or very much improved at 12 weeks (27% with high‐concentration capsaicin and 10% with 'active' placebo). For both studies, more participants (about 10%) had average 2 to 12‐week pain intensity reductions over baseline of at least 30% with capsaicin than control, with an NNT of 11 (very low quality evidence). For peripheral diabetic neuropathy, we found one study (369 participants). It reported about 10% more participants who were much or very much improved at 8 and 12 weeks. One small study of 46 participants with persistent pain following inguinal herniorrhaphy did not show a difference between capsaicin and placebo for pain reduction (very low quality evidence). We downgraded the quality of the evidence for efficacy outcomes by one to three levels due to sparse data, imprecision, possible effects of imputation methods, and susceptibility to publication bias. Local adverse events were common, but not consistently reported. Serious adverse events were no more common with active treatment (3.5%) than control (3.2%). Adverse event withdrawals did not differ between groups, but lack of efficacy withdrawals were somewhat more common with control than active treatment, based on small numbers of events (six to eight studies, 21 to 67 events; moderate quality evidence, downgraded due to few events). No deaths were judged to be related to study medication. Authors' conclusions High‐concentration topical capsaicin used to treat postherpetic neuralgia, HIV‐neuropathy, and painful diabetic neuropathy generated more participants with moderate or substantial levels of pain relief than control treatment using a much lower concentration of capsaicin. These results should be interpreted with caution as the quality of the evidence was moderate or very low. The additional proportion who benefited over control was not large, but for those who did obtain high levels of pain relief, there were usually additional improvements in sleep, fatigue, depression, and quality of life. High‐concentration topical capsaicin is similar in its effects to other therapies for chronic pain. Plain language summary Capsaicin applied to the skin for chronic neuropathic pain in adults Bottom line There is moderate quality evidence that high‐concentration (8%) capsaicin patches can give moderate pain relief, or better, to a minority of people with postherpetic neuralgia, and very low quality evidence that it benefits those with HIV‐neuropathy and peripheral diabetic neuropathy. Background Neuropathic pain is caused by damage to nerves, either from injury or disease. Pain is described as chronic if it has been experienced on most days for at least three months. Capsaicin is what makes chilli peppers hot. It is thought to reduce chronic neuropathic pain by making nerves insensitive to pain messages. This review is an update of one last published in 2013, and is about a highly concentrated preparation of capsaicin (8%) that must be administered in carefully controlled conditions in a clinic or hospital, often following local anaesthetic, because without special precautions it can initially cause pain a feeling of burning on the skin. It is used only to treat localised areas of pain. The single application is designed to produce relief of pain for up to three months. Study characteristics We searched scientific databases for studies that looked at the effects of high‐concentration capsaicin in adults who had moderate or severe neuropathic pain. The treatment had to have effects measured for at least 8 weeks. The evidence is current to June 2016. Eight studies satisfied our inclusion criteria, including two new studies for this update. The studies were well conducted. Key results In seven studies, involving 2442 participants, we found that the treatment gave good levels of pain relief to a small number of participants with some types of neuropathic pain (pain after shingles, and nerve injury pain associated with HIV infection), and probably also in another type (painful feet because of damaged nerves caused by diabetes). About 4 in 10 people had at least moderate pain relief with capsaicin compared with 3 in 10 with control. The control was a treatment that looked the same but did not contain high levels of capsaicin, with either nothing added, or very small amounts of capsaicin added. In one small study (46 participants) in people with persistent pain after hernia surgery, it did not seem better than control. In all people who have this treatment there can be short‐lived localised skin problems such as redness, burning, or pain. Serious problems seem to be uncommon, and were no more frequent in these trials with high‐concentration capsaicin than with control using very low‐concentration capsaicin or placebo. Slightly more people treated with control rather than capsaicin dropped out of the studies because of lack of benefit, but there was no difference between the groups for drop‐outs because of side effects. Quality of the evidence We judged the quality of the evidence as moderate or very low for pain relief outcomes, mainly because only a small number of studies and moderate number of participants provided information for each outcome. We judged the quality of the evidence as moderate for harmful effects. Moderate quality means that further research may change the result. Very low quality means we are very uncertain about the results.
 Topical interventions for genital lichen sclerosus;  Abstract - Background Lichen sclerosus is a chronic, inflammatory skin condition that most commonly occurs in adult women, although it may also be seen in men and children. It primarily affects the genital area and around the anus, where it causes persistent itching and soreness. Scarring after inflammation may lead to severe damage by fusion of the vulval lips (labia); narrowing of the vaginal opening; and burying of the clitoris in women and girls, as well as tightening of the foreskin in men and boys, if treatments are not started early. Affected people have an increased risk of genital cancers. Objectives To assess the effects of topical interventions for genital lichen sclerosus and adverse effects reported in included trials. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 16 September 2011: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) in  The Cochrane Library , MEDLINE (from 2005), EMBASE (from 2007), LILACS (from 1982), CINAHL (from 1981), British Nursing Index and Archive (from 1985), Science Citation Index Expanded (from 1945), BIOSIS Previews (from 1926), Conference Papers Index (from 1982), and Conference Proceedings Citation Index ‐ Science (from 1990). We also searched ongoing trial registries and scanned the bibliographies of included studies, published reviews, and papers that had cited the included studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of topical interventions in genital lichen sclerosus. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently selected trials, extracted data, and assessed the risk of bias. A third author was available for resolving differences of opinion. Main results We included 7 RCTs, with a total of 249 participants, covering 6 treatments. Six of these RCTs tested the efficacy of one active intervention against placebo or another active intervention, while the other trial tested three active interventions against placebo. When compared to placebo in one trial, clobetasol propionate 0.05% was effective in treating genital lichen sclerosus in relation to the following outcomes: 'participant‐rated improvement or remission of symptoms' (risk ratio (RR) 2.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.45 to 5.61) and 'investigator‐rated global degree of improvement' (standardised mean difference (SMD) 5.74, 95% CI 4.26 to 7.23). When mometasone furoate 0.05% was compared to placebo in another trial, there was a significant improvement in the 'investigator‐rated change in clinical grade of phimosis' (SMD ‐1.04, 95% CI ‐1.77 to ‐0.31). Both trials found no significant differences in reported adverse drug reactions between the corticosteroid and placebo groups.    The data from four trials found no significant benefit for topical testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, and progesterone. When used as maintenance therapy after an initial treatment with topical clobetasol propionate in another trial, topical testosterone worsened the symptoms (P < 0.05), but the placebo did not. One trial found no differences between pimecrolimus and clobetasol propionate in relieving symptoms through change in pruritus (itching) (SMD ‐0.33, 95% CI ‐0.99 to 0.33) and burning/pain (SMD 0.03, 95% CI ‐0.62 to 0.69). However, pimecrolimus was less effective than clobetasol propionate with regard to the 'investigator‐rated global degree of improvement' (SMD ‐1.64, 95% CI ‐2.40 to ‐0.87). This trial found no significant differences in reported adverse drug reactions between the pimecrolimus and placebo groups. Authors' conclusions The current limited evidence demonstrates the efficacy of clobetasol propionate, mometasone furoate, and pimecrolimus in treating genital lichen sclerosus. Further RCTs are needed to determine the optimal potency and regimen of topical corticosteroids, examine other topical interventions, assess the duration of remission or prevention of flares, evaluate the reduction in the risk of genital squamous cell carcinoma or genital intraepithelial neoplasia, and examine the efficacy in improving the quality of the sex lives of people with this condition. Plain language summary Topical treatments for genital lichen sclerosus Lichen sclerosus is a chronic skin disease that mostly affects adult women, but also men and children. It mainly occurs in the genital area and around the anus. Affected women and girls frequently report itching, pain, and burning in the involved area. Scarring after inflammation may cause fusion of the vaginal lips, narrowing of the vaginal opening, and burying of the clitoris. Sex is often painful, less pleasurable, or impossible because of the pain. Lichen sclerosus in men and boys may cause tightening of the foreskin, leading to difficulty in passing urine or painful erection. Pain on opening the bowels may also be present, causing constipation, especially in children. Treating this disease is beneficial as the symptoms can be relieved, and further damage to the genital area and around the anus may be prevented. Various topical treatments for lichen sclerosus have been devised. This review aimed to identify which topical treatments are effective and safe. We included 7 trials, with a total of 249 participants, covering 6 treatments in this review. Topical clobetasol propionate and mometasone furoate were effective in treating genital lichen sclerosus. There was no substantial difference in the efficacy of relieving symptoms (e.g. itching and pain) between pimecrolimus cream and clobetasol propionate, but the former was less effective in improving gross appearance. More research is needed for a number of reasons: to decide the strength of steroids that should be used, as well as the frequency and length of application to the skin which gives the best results; to examine other skin treatments; to assess the long‐term benefits of topical treatments with regard to relieving symptoms and reducing the risk of developing genital cancers; and to examine the benefits of treatments on the quality of the sex lives of people with this condition.
 Interventions for supporting the initiation and continuation of breastfeeding among women who are overweight or obese;  Abstract - Background Exclusive breastfeeding is recommended for all infants until six months of age due to the many health benefits for both the mother and infant. Evidence suggests that mothers who are overweight (body mass index (BMI) 25.0 to 29.9 kg/m²) or obese (BMI ≥ 30.0 kg/m²) are less likely to initiate breastfeeding and to breastfeed for a shorter duration. Considering the rising prevalence of overweight and obesity globally and the known benefits of breastfeeding particularly in reducing the long‐term risks of obesity and diabetes for infants, establishing effective ways to support and promote breastfeeding in women who are overweight or obese is paramount in achieving the goal of healthier communities. Objectives To assess the effectiveness of interventions to support the initiation or continuation of breastfeeding in women who are overweight or obese. Search methods On 23 January 2019 we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register,  ClinicalTrials.gov , the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) and reference lists of retrieved trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs that compared interventions to support the initiation and continuation of breastfeeding in women who are overweight or obese. Interventions included social support, education, physical support, or any combination of these. Interventions were compared either with each other or against a control group. Data collection and analysis We assessed all potential trials identified from the search strategy. Two review authors extracted data from each included trial and assessed risk of bias. We resolved discrepancies through discussion with the third review author. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We found no trials comparing one type of support versus another. We included seven RCTs (including one cluster‐RCT) involving 831 women. The number of women in each trial ranged from 36 to 226. The trials were conducted in high‐income countries: USA (5 trials); Denmark (1 trial) and Australia (1 trial), between 2006 and 2015. Three trials only included women who were obese prior to pregnancy and four trials included both women who were overweight and women who were obese. We judged risk of bias in the included trials to be mixed; only one trial was judged to be low risk of bias for random sequence generation, allocation concealment and attrition bias. Physical breastfeeding support (manual or electric breast pump) versus usual care (no breast pump) Very low‐certainty evidence from one small trial (39 women) looking at a physical support intervention (manual or electric breast pump) versus usual care (no pump) means it is unclear whether physical support improves exclusive breastfeeding at four to six weeks (risk ratio (RR) 0.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.20 to 1.51) or any breastfeeding at four to six weeks (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.03). The trial did not report other important outcomes of interest in this review: non‐initiation of breastfeeding, exclusive or any breastfeeding at six months postpartum. Multiple methods of breastfeeding support versus usual care Six trials (involving 792 women) used multiple methods of support including education and social support through telephone or face‐to‐face contact. One of these trials also provided physical support through providing a breast pump and a baby sling and one trial provided a small gift to the women at each trial visit. Support in the trials was provided by a professional (four trials) or a peer (two trials). One trial provided group support, with the other five trials supporting women individually. One trial (174 women) did not report on any of our main outcomes of interest. We are unclear about the effects of the intervention because we identified very low‐certainty evidence for all of the important outcomes in this review: rate of non‐initiation of breastfeeding (average RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.11; 3 trials, 380 women); exclusive breastfeeding at four to six weeks (average RR 1.21, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.77; 4 trials, 445 women); any breastfeeding at four to six weeks (average RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.89; 2 trials, 103 women); rate of exclusive breastfeeding at six months postpartum (RR 7.23, 95% CI 0.38 to 137.08; 1 trial, 120 women); and any breastfeeding at six months postpartum (average RR 1.42, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.87; 2 trials, 223 women). The included trials under the above comparisons also reported on some of this review's secondary outcomes but very low‐certainty evidence means that we are unclear about the effects of the intervention on those outcomes. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to assess the effectiveness of physical interventions, or multiple methods of support (social, educational or physical) for supporting the initiation or continuation of breastfeeding in women who are overweight or obese. We found no RCTs comparing one type of support to another type of support. All of our GRADE assessments resulted in very low‐certainty evidence, with downgrading decisions based on limitations in trial design (e.g. risk of attrition bias), imprecision, inconsistency. The available trials were mostly of variable quality with small numbers of participants, confounded by poor adherence within both the intervention and control groups. Well designed, adequately powered research is needed to answer questions about the social, educational, physical support, or any combination of these interventions that could potentially help mothers who are overweight or obese to achieve optimal breastfeeding outcomes. We need trials that examine interventions designed specifically for women who are overweight or obese, delivered by people with training about how to overcome some of the challenges these women face when establishing and maintaining breastfeeding. Particular attention could be given to the assessment of antenatal interventions aimed at improving breastfeeding initiation in women with a raised BMI, and not just focusing on recruiting women who have an intention to breastfeed. Given that the majority of current trials were undertaken in the USA, further trials in a diverse range of countries and settings are required. Future trials need to give consideration to the theoretical basis of the intervention using established frameworks to enable replicability by others and to better determine the components of effective interventions. Plain language summary Interventions to support women who are overweight or obese to start and continue breastfeeding What is the issue? Breastfeeding is important for the health of mothers and their infants. Current advice is for exclusive breastfeeding to continue until babies are six months of age. Infants fed with formula milk are at greater risk of infections, asthma and sudden infant death syndrome. Mothers who do not breastfeed are at greater risk of female cancers and type 2 diabetes. Women who are overweight or obese are less likely to start breastfeeding than other women and tend to breastfeed for a shorter length of time. Suggested reasons include physical factors such as larger breasts, which make traditional breastfeeding positions more difficult, and a delay in their milk coming in (normally around 72 hours). This can decrease mothers’ confidence in their milk supply and ability to breastfeed. Cultural factors may also influence women's decision making about starting and continuing breastfeeding, for example, how the woman’s family and friends fed their babies, how confident the mother is in reaching her breastfeeding goals and how the woman views her own body. Why is this important? Women who are overweight or obese can experience challenges with breastfeeding that could be overcome with additional encouragement and support. We wanted to find out what types of support are provided and what works best, both before and after birth. Interventions included education, social support and physical methods such as milk expression. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence (January 2019) and identified seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), involving 831 women (range 36 to 226 women), conducted in high‐income countries (USA, Denmark, Australia) between 2006 and 2015. Three trials only included women who were obese prior to pregnancy and four trials included women who were overweight and women who were obese. The trials compared different types of breastfeeding support to usual care. There were a limited number of trials for each type of support, and differences in how much support the women received in the support and usual care groups. One trial (39 women) used a physical support intervention through the loan of an electric or manual breast pump versus usual care (no pump). Very low‐certainty evidence means it is unclear whether physical support improves exclusive breastfeeding at four to six weeks; or any breastfeeding at four to six weeks. The trial did not report other important outcomes of interest: non‐initiation of breastfeeding, and exclusive or any breastfeeding at six months after birth. Six trials (792 women) used multiple methods of support (including education and social support through telephone or face‐to‐face contact) versus usual care. One trial (174 women) did not report on any of our main outcomes of interest. One of the trials also provided physical support through providing a breast pump and a baby sling, and another provided a small gift to the women at each trial visit. Support in these trials was provided by a professional (four trials) or a peer (two trials), either in a group (one trial) or individually (five trials). For women receiving an intervention that incorporated multiple methods of support (including social, educational or physical support) versus usual care, we are unclear about the effects of the intervention because we identified very low‐certainty evidence for all of the important outcomes in this review: rate of non‐initiation of breastfeeding; exclusive breastfeeding at four to six weeks; any breastfeeding at four to six weeks; rate of exclusive breastfeeding at six months after birth; and any breastfeeding at six months after birth. What does this mean? The effectiveness of interventions for supporting women who are overweight or obese to start and continue breastfeeding remains unclear. The methods used by the available trials varied in quality, with small numbers of participants. No trials compared one type of support to another. We need high‐quality trials to evaluate whether social, educational, physical support, or any combination of these interventions can give mothers who are overweight or obese the best chance of starting and continuing to breastfeed. The interventions need to be designed specifically for this group of women and delivered by people who understand the challenges these women face when establishing and maintaining breastfeeding.
 Topical and device‐based treatments for fungal infections of the toenails;  Abstract - Background Onychomycosis refers to fungal infections of the nail apparatus that may cause pain, discomfort, and disfigurement. This is an update of a Cochrane Review published in 2007; a substantial amount of new research warrants a review exclusively on toenails. Objectives To assess the clinical and mycological effects of topical drugs and device‐based therapies for toenail onychomycosis. Search methods We searched the following databases up to May 2019: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers, and checked the reference lists of included and excluded studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of topical and device‐based therapies for onychomycosis in participants with toenail onychomycosis, confirmed by positive cultures, direct microscopy, or histological nail examination. Eligible comparators were placebo, vehicle, no treatment, or an active topical or device‐based treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcomes were complete cure rate (normal‐looking nail plus fungus elimination, determined with laboratory methods) and number of participants reporting treatment‐related adverse events. Main results We included 56 studies (12,501 participants, average age: 27 to 68 years), with mainly mild‐to‐moderate onychomycosis without matrix involvement (where reported). Participants had more than one toenail affected. Most studies lasted 48 to 52 weeks; 23% reported disease duration (variable). Thirty‐five studies specifically examined dermatophyte‐caused onychomycosis. Forty‐three studies were carried out in outpatient settings. Most studies assessed topical treatments, 9% devices, and 11% both. We rated three studies at low risk of bias across all domains. The most common high‐risk domain was performance bias. We present results for key comparisons, where treatment duration was 36 or 48 weeks, and clinical outcomes were measured at 40 to 52 weeks. Based on two studies (460 participants), compared with vehicle, ciclopirox 8% lacquer may be more effective in achieving complete cure (risk ratio (RR) 9.29, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.72 to 50.14; low‐quality evidence) and is probably more effective in achieving mycological cure (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.93 to 5.12; moderate‐quality evidence). Ciclopirox lacquer may lead to increased adverse events, commonly application reactions, rashes, and nail alteration (e.g. colour, shape). However, the 95% CI indicates that ciclopirox lacquer may actually make little or no difference (RR 1.61, 95% CI 0.89 to 2.92; low‐quality evidence). Efinaconazole 10% solution is more effective than vehicle in achieving complete cure (RR 3.54, 95% CI 2.24 to 5.60; 3 studies, 1716 participants) and clinical cure (RR 3.07, 95% CI 2.08 to 4.53; 2 studies, 1655 participants) (both high‐quality evidence) and is probably more effective in achieving mycological cure (RR 2.31, 95% CI 1.08 to 4.94; 3 studies, 1716 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). Risk of adverse events (such as dermatitis and vesicles) was slightly higher with efinaconazole (RR 1.10, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.20; 3 studies, 1701 participants; high‐quality evidence). No other key comparison measured clinical cure. Based on two studies, compared with vehicle, tavaborole 5% solution is probably more effective in achieving complete cure (RR 7.40, 95% CI 2.71 to 20.24; 1198 participants), but probably has a higher risk of adverse events (application site reactions were most commonly reported) (RR 3.82, 95% CI 1.65 to 8.85; 1186 participants (both moderate‐quality evidence)). Tavaborole improves mycological cure (RR 3.40, 95% CI 2.34 to 4.93; 1198 participants; high‐quality evidence). Moderate‐quality evidence from two studies (490 participants) indicates that P‐3051 (ciclopirox 8% hydrolacquer) is probably more effective than the comparators ciclopirox 8% lacquer or amorolfine 5% in achieving complete cure (RR 2.43, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.48), but there is probably little or no difference between the treatments in achieving mycological cure (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.37). We found no difference in the risk of adverse events (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.92; 2 studies, 487 participants; low‐quality evidence). The most common events were erythema, rash, and burning. Three studies (112 participants) compared 1064‐nm Nd:YAG laser to no treatment or sham treatment. We are uncertain if there is a difference in adverse events (very low‐quality evidence) (two studies; 85 participants). There may be little or no difference in mycological cure at 52 weeks (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.85; 2 studies, 85 participants; low‐quality evidence). Complete cure was not measured. One study (293 participants) compared luliconazole 5% solution to vehicle. We are uncertain whether luliconazole leads to higher rates of complete cure (very low‐quality evidence). Low‐quality evidence indicates there may be little or no difference in adverse events (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.90 to 1.16) and there may be increased mycological cure with luliconazole; however, the 95% CI indicates that luliconazole may make little or no difference to mycological cure (RR 1.39, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.97). Commonly‐reported adverse events were dry skin, paronychia, eczema, and hyperkeratosis, which improved or resolved post‐treatment. Authors' conclusions Assessing complete cure, high‐quality evidence supports the effectiveness of efinaconazole, moderate‐quality evidence supports P‐3051 (ciclopirox 8% hydrolacquer) and tavaborole, and low‐quality evidence supports ciclopirox 8% lacquer. We are uncertain whether luliconazole 5% solution leads to complete cure (very low‐quality evidence); this outcome was not measured by the 1064‐nm Nd:YAG laser comparison. Although evidence supports topical treatments, complete cure rates with topical treatments are relatively low. We are uncertain if 1064‐nm Nd:YAG laser increases adverse events compared with no treatment or sham treatment (very low‐quality evidence). Low‐quality evidence indicates that there is no difference in adverse events between P‐3051 (ciclopirox hydrolacquer), luliconazole 5% solution, and their comparators. Ciclopirox 8% lacquer may increase adverse events (low‐quality evidence). High‐ to moderate‐quality evidence suggests increased adverse events with efinaconazole 10% solution or tavaborole 5% solution. We downgraded evidence for heterogeneity, lack of blinding, and small sample sizes. There is uncertainty about the effectiveness of device‐based treatments, which were under‐represented; 80% of studies assessed topical treatments, but we were unable to evaluate all of the currently relevant topical treatments. Future studies of topical and device‐based therapies should be blinded, with patient‐centred outcomes and an adequate sample size. They should specify the causative organism and directly compare treatments. Plain language summary Are topical and device‐based treatments effective in people with fungal infections of the toenails? Review question We reviewed evidence about the effect of topical and device‐based treatments for fungal infections of the toenails (toenail onychomycosis) when compared against each other, placebo (an identical but inactive treatment), vehicle (inactive ingredients that help deliver an active treatment), or no treatment. We assessed adults, whose infection was diagnosed based on studying nail samples. Background Toenail onychomycosis causes pain, discomfort, and disfigurement. Topical and device‐based treatments can have less likelihood of drug interactions or side effects than oral drugs. Antifungal medications are either fungistatic (inhibiting fungal growth) or fungicidal (killing fungal pathogens). The shared goal of devices (e.g. laser, photodynamic therapy) is fungus destruction. Study characteristics In searches up to May 2019, we found 56 studies including 12,501 men or women (average age: 27 to 68 years) who had mainly mild‐to‐moderate toenail onychomycosis. Onychomycosis duration was under‐reported, but varied from months to years. Approximately 63% of the studies assessed onychomycosis caused by dermatophytes (fungi). Most studies lasted 48 to 52 weeks and were conducted in an outpatient setting. The studies used either device‐based or topical treatments, including lacquers and creams, alone or in combination, compared to each other, to no treatment, to vehicle, or to placebo. Key results For the following key results, treatment lasted 36 or 48 weeks, and outcomes were measured at 40 to 52 weeks (side effects were measured throughout the study). Compared to vehicle (no treatment), efinaconazole 10% topical solution is better at achieving complete cure (i.e. normal‐looking nail coupled with fungus elimination determined using laboratory methods) (high‐quality evidence). Tavaborole 5% solution (when compared to vehicle) and P‐3051 (ciclopirox 8% hydrolacquer) (when compared to two other treatments: ciclopirox 8% lacquer or amorolfine 5%) are probably better at achieving this outcome (both moderate‐quality evidence). Ciclopirox 8% lacquer may lead to higher complete cure rates than vehicle, but rates are low (not all patients can be expected to achieve complete cure) (low‐quality evidence). Ciclopirox 8% lacquer and efinaconazole 10% are probably more effective at eliminating the fungus (mycological cure) than vehicle, but for P‐3051 (ciclopirox 8% hydrolacquer) there is probably little or no difference compared to the two comparator treatments (all moderate‐quality evidence). Tavaborole 5% improves mycological cure compared to vehicle (high‐quality evidence). We found no evidence of a difference in side effects, including redness, rash, and burning, between P‐3051 (ciclopirox 8% hydrolacquer) and the two other treatments (low‐quality evidence), and ciclopirox 8% lacquer may increase side effects, including application‐site reactions, rashes, and changes in the nail compared with vehicle, although treatment effects vary, so it is possible that it may actually make little or no difference (low‐quality evidence). Compared to vehicle, participants were slightly more likely to experience side effects (commonly dermatitis and fluid‐filled sacs) with efinaconazole 10% (high‐quality evidence) and probably more likely to experience side effects with tavaborole 5% (commonly, application‐site reactions, such as dermatitis, redness, and pain) (moderate‐quality evidence). We are uncertain of the effect of luliconazole 5% on complete cure when compared to vehicle (very low‐quality evidence); there may be little or no difference between these groups in side effects (dry skin, eczema, and thickening of the skin were commonly reported, but improved after stopping treatment), and luliconazole 5% solution might increase mycological cure; however, the effects of this treatment vary, so it is possible that it may actually make little or no difference to mycological cure (both low‐quality evidence). Three studies compared laser to no treatment or sham treatment, and there may be little or no difference in mycological cure (low‐quality evidence). Complete cure was not measured, and we are uncertain if there is a difference in side effects between groups (very low‐quality evidence). Efinaconazole 10% solution is more effective in achieving clinical cure than vehicle (high‐quality evidence); none of the other key comparisons measured this outcome. Quality of the evidence We base our conclusions on varied evidence quality. For complete cure, mycological cure, and side effects, quality ranged from low to high, with very low‐quality evidence found for three key results. Many studies were small, had design issues, and did not directly compare therapies. No studies reported quality of life.
 Interventions for chronic pruritus of unknown origin;  Abstract - Background Pruritus is a sensation that leads to the desire to scratch; its origin is unknown in 8% to 15% of affected patients. The prevalence of chronic pruritus of unknown origin (CPUO) in individuals with generalised pruritus ranges from 3.6% to 44.5%, with highest prevalence among the elderly. When the origin of pruritus is known, its management may be straightforward if an effective treatment for the causal disease is available. Treatment of CPUO is particularly difficult due to its unknown pathophysiology. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for CPUO in adults and children. Search methods We searched the following up to July 2019: Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and trials registries. We checked the reference lists of included studies for additional references to relevant trials. Selection criteria We sought to include randomised controlled trials and quasi‐randomised controlled trials that assessed interventions for CPUO, as defined in category VI ('Other pruritus of undetermined origin, or chronic pruritus of unknown origin') of the International Forum for the Study of Itch (IFSI) classification, in children and adults. Eligible interventions were non‐pharmacological or topical or systemic pharmacological interventions, and eligible comparators were another active treatment, placebo, sham procedures, or no treatment or equivalent (e.g. waiting list). Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were 'Patient‐ or parent‐reported pruritus intensity' and 'Adverse events'. Our secondary outcomes were 'Health‐related quality of life', 'Sleep disturbances', 'Depression', and 'Patient satisfaction'. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence. Main results We found there was an absence of evidence for the main interventions of interest: emollient creams, cooling lotions, topical corticosteroids, topical antidepressants, systemic antihistamines, systemic antidepressants, systemic anticonvulsants, and phototherapy. We included one study with 257 randomised (253 analysed) participants, aged 18 to 65 years; 60.6% were female. This study investigated the safety and efficacy of three different doses of oral serlopitant (5 mg, 1 mg, and 0.25 mg, once daily for six weeks) compared to placebo for severe chronic pruritus; 25 US centres participated (clinical research centres and universities). All outcomes were measured at the end of treatment (six weeks from baseline), except adverse events, which were monitored throughout. A pharmaceutical company funded this study. Fifty‐five per cent of participants suffered from CPUO, and approximately 45% presented a dermatological diagnosis (atopic dermatitis/eczema 37.3%, psoriasis 6.7%, acne 3.6%, among other diagnoses). We unsuccessfully attempted to retrieve outcome data from study authors for the subgroup of participants with CPUO. Participants had pruritus for six weeks or longer. Total study duration was 10 weeks. Participants who received serlopitant 5 mg may have a greater rate of relief of patient‐reported pruritus intensity as measured by the visual analogue scale (VAS; a reduction in VAS score indicates improvement) compared to placebo (126 participants, risk ratio (RR) 2.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.27 to 3.35; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the effects of serlopitant 5 mg compared to placebo on the following outcomes due to very low‐certainty evidence: adverse events (127 participants; RR 1.48, 95% CI 0.87 to 2.50); health‐related quality of life (as measured by the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI); a higher score indicates greater impairment; 127 participants; mean difference (MD) ‐4.20, 95% CI ‐11.68 to 3.28); and sleep disturbances (people with insomnia measured by the Pittsburgh Sleep Symptom Questionnaire‐Insomnia (PSSQ‐I), a dichotomous measure; 128 participants; RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.01). Participants who received serlopitant 1 mg may have a greater rate of relief of patient‐reported pruritus intensity as measured by VAS compared to placebo; however, the 95% CI indicates that there may also be little to no difference between groups (126 participants; RR 1.50, 95% CI 0.89 to 2.54; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the effects of serlopitant 1 mg compared to placebo on the following outcomes due to very low‐certainty evidence: adverse events (128 participants; RR 1.45, 95% CI 0.86 to 2.47); health‐related quality of life (DLQI; 128 participants; MD ‐6.90, 95% CI ‐14.38 to 0.58); and sleep disturbances (PSSQ‐I; 128 participants; RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.84). Participants who received serlopitant 0.25 mg may have a greater rate of relief of patient‐reported pruritus intensity as measured by VAS compared to placebo; however, the 95% CI indicates that there may also be little to no difference between groups (127 participants; RR 1.66, 95% CI 1.00 to 2.77; low‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the effects of serlopitant 0.25 mg compared to placebo on the following outcomes due to very low‐certainty evidence: adverse events (127 participants; RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.75 to 2.24); health‐related quality of life (DLQI; 127 participants; MD ‐5.70, 95% CI ‐13.18 to 1.78); and sleep disturbances (PSSQ‐I; 127 participants; RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.17). The most commonly reported adverse events were somnolence, diarrhoea, headache, and nasopharyngitis, among others. Our included study did not measure depression or patient satisfaction. We downgraded the certainty of evidence for all outcomes due to indirectness (only 55% of study participants had CPUO) and imprecision. We downgraded outcomes other than patient‐reported pruritus intensity a further level due to concerns regarding risk of bias in selection of the reported result and some concerns with risk of bias due to missing outcome data (sleep disturbances only). We deemed risk of bias to be generally low. Authors' conclusions We found lack of evidence to address our review question: for most of our interventions of interest, we found no eligible studies. The neurokinin 1 receptor (NK1R) antagonist serlopitant was the only intervention that we could assess. One study provided low‐certainty evidence suggesting that serlopitant may reduce pruritus intensity when compared with placebo. We are uncertain of the effects of serlopitant on other outcomes, as certainty of the evidence is very low. More studies with larger sample sizes, focused on patients with CPUO, are needed. Healthcare professionals, patients, and other stakeholders may have to rely on indirect evidence related to other forms of chronic pruritus when deciding between the main interventions currently used for this condition. Plain language summary Treatments for pruritus (itching) of unknown cause in children and adults Review question We wanted to investigate the effects of treatment for chronic (lasting longer than six weeks) pruritus (itching) of unknown cause in children and adults. We assessed all treatments, as long as they were compared against each other, placebo (an identical but inactive treatment), a sham procedure, or no treatment (or equivalent, e.g. waiting list). We were particularly interested in assessing safety and itch intensity as reported by the patient or the parent. Background Pruritus, or itching, is an unpleasant sensation that provokes a desire to scratch. It can be caused by diseases of the skin or other parts of the body. We searched the medical literature up to July 2019 to determine the effects of drug and non‐drug therapies (e.g. phototherapy) used for treatment of itching of unknown cause. Study characteristics We included one study (257 participants) that investigated the safety and efficacy of three different doses of a drug called serlopitant (5 mg, 1 mg, and 0.25 mg, taken by mouth once daily for six weeks) versus placebo for severe chronic pruritus (participants had a score of 7 cm or higher on the visual analogue scale (VAS)). The age of included participants ranged from 18 to 65; 60.6% were women; 55% suffered from itching of unknown origin; and approximately 45% presented a dermatological diagnosis (atopic dermatitis/eczema 37.3%, psoriasis 6.7%, acne 3.6%, among other diagnoses). A pharmaceutical company funded this study, which was undertaken across 25 centres in the United States (clinical research centres and universities). The study lasted 10 weeks in total (six weeks of treatment plus four weeks of post‐treatment follow‐up). We found no eligible studies for the main treatments we sought to assess, which included emollient creams, cooling lotions, topical corticosteroids (a class of steroid hormones) or antidepressants, systemic antihistamines (medicines used to relieve symptoms of allergies) or antidepressants, anticonvulsants (antiseizure drugs), and phototherapy. Key results Participants who received serlopitant at doses of 0.25 mg, 5 mg, and 1 mg may be more likely to experience reduced itch intensity, as reported by the patient, when compared with participants given placebo (low‐certainty evidence). However, for serlopitant 1 mg and 0.25 mg, the range of possible results indicates there may be little to no difference between groups. We are uncertain of the effects of serlopitant (in the three doses) on side effects, health‐related quality of life, and sleep disturbances due to very low‐certainty evidence. The most commonly reported side effects were sleepiness, diarrhoea, headache, and upper respiratory tract infection, among others. All outcomes were measured at the end of treatment (six weeks from baseline) with the exception of adverse events, which were monitored throughout the study. The included study did not report the effects of this drug on depression and patient satisfaction. Certainty of the evidence Certainty of the evidence was low for patient‐reported itch intensity because 45% of participants had an identifiable skin disease and 55% had itch of poorly defined cause. Additionally, the number of study participants was small and there were few occurrences of the outcomes, or results were imprecise or were not meaningful; therefore, the study was at risk of random errors. Certainty of the evidence was very low for three outcomes (adverse events, quality of life, and sleep disturbances) due to additional concerns that measurement of these outcomes was not pre‐planned. Also, no information was available to assess bias from missing data for the outcome of sleep disturbances.
 Interventions for treating pain and disability in adults with complex regional pain syndrome‐ an overview of systematic reviews;  Abstract - Background Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a chronic pain condition that usually occurs in a limb following trauma or surgery. It is characterised by persisting pain that is disproportionate in magnitude or duration to the typical course of pain after similar injury. There is currently no consensus regarding the optimal management of CRPS, although a broad range of interventions have been described and are commonly used. This is the first update of the original Cochrane review published in Issue 4, 2013. Objectives To summarise the evidence from Cochrane and non‐Cochrane systematic reviews of the efficacy, effectiveness, and safety of any intervention used to reduce pain, disability, or both, in adults with CRPS. Methods We identified Cochrane reviews and non‐Cochrane reviews through a systematic search of Ovid MEDLINE, Ovid Embase, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, CINAHL, PEDro, LILACS and Epistemonikos from inception to October 2022, with no language restrictions. We included systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials that included adults (≥18 years) diagnosed with CRPS, using any diagnostic criteria.  Two overview authors independently assessed eligibility, extracted data, and assessed the quality of the reviews and certainty of the evidence using the AMSTAR 2 and GRADE tools respectively. We extracted data for the primary outcomes pain, disability and adverse events, and the secondary outcomes quality of life, emotional well‐being, and participants' ratings of satisfaction or improvement with treatment.  Main results We included six Cochrane and 13 non‐Cochrane systematic reviews in the previous version of this overview and five Cochrane and 12 non‐Cochrane reviews in the current version. Using the AMSTAR 2 tool, we judged Cochrane reviews to have higher methodological quality than non‐Cochrane reviews. The studies in the included reviews were typically small and mostly at high risk of bias or of low methodological quality. We found no high‐certainty evidence for any comparison.  There was low‐certainty evidence that bisphosphonates may reduce pain intensity post‐intervention (standardised mean difference (SMD) ‐2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) −1.8 to −3.4, P = 0.001; I 2  = 81%; 4 trials, n = 181) and moderate‐certainty evidence that they are probably associated with increased adverse events of any nature (risk ratio (RR) 2.10, 95% CI 1.27 to 3.47; number needed to treat for an additional harmful outcome (NNTH) 4.6, 95% CI 2.4 to 168.0; 4 trials, n = 181).  There was moderate‐certainty evidence that lidocaine local anaesthetic sympathetic blockade probably does not reduce pain intensity compared with placebo, and low‐certainty evidence that it may not reduce pain intensity compared with ultrasound of the stellate ganglion. No effect size was reported for either comparison. There was low‐certainty evidence that topical dimethyl sulfoxide may not reduce pain intensity compared with oral N‐acetylcysteine, but no effect size was reported. There was low‐certainty evidence that continuous bupivacaine brachial plexus block may reduce pain intensity compared with continuous bupivacaine stellate ganglion block, but no effect size was reported. For a wide range of other commonly used interventions, the certainty in the evidence was very low and provides insufficient evidence to either support or refute their use. Comparisons with low‐ and very low‐certainty evidence should be treated with substantial caution. We did not identify any RCT evidence for routinely used pharmacological interventions for CRPS such as tricyclic antidepressants or opioids. Authors' conclusions Despite a considerable increase in included evidence compared with the previous version of this overview, we identified no high‐certainty evidence for the effectiveness of any therapy for CRPS. Until larger, high‐quality trials are undertaken, formulating an evidence‐based approach to managing CRPS will remain difficult. Current non‐Cochrane systematic reviews of interventions for CRPS are of low methodological quality and should not be relied upon to provide an accurate and comprehensive summary of the evidence. Plain language summary Which treatments are effective for the management of complex regional pain syndrome in adults? Key messages There is a critical lack of high‐quality evidence for the benefits and risks of most treatments for adults with complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS). Larger, well‐designed studies and higher‐quality reviews are needed to provide accurate evidence for benefits and risks of treatments for adults with CRPS.   What is complex regional pain syndrome? CRPS is a disabling chronic pain condition. People with CRPS experience persistent pain, usually in the hands or feet, that is not proportionate in severity to any underlying injury. It often involves a variety of other symptoms in the affected body part such as swelling, discolouration, stiffness, weakness, and changes to skin quality.    What did we want to find out? A broad range of therapies are used to treat CRPS. The effects of these therapies are summarised across a number of Cochrane and non‐Cochrane reviews. Our aim was to combine the information from these reviews into one accessible document. We specifically wanted to find out which treatments are effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with CRPS. We also wanted to find out whether these treatments cause any unwanted effects.   What did we do? We searched for Cochrane and non‐Cochrane reviews in the medical literature using online databases, from their beginning to October 2011, in the previous version of this overview, and between October 2011 and October 2022 in the current version. We included reviews that evaluated any treatment aiming to reduce pain intensity and disability in adults with CRPS. We judged the quality of the included reviews and summarised their results. We also rated our confidence in the evidence included in the reviews, based on factors such as study methods and size.   What did we find? We included six Cochrane and 13 non‐Cochrane systematic reviews in the previous version of this overview and five Cochrane and 12 non‐Cochrane reviews in the current version. These reviews included evidence relating to a large range of treatments, including drugs, surgical procedures, rehabilitation, and complementary and alternative therapies. For most treatments, there were only a small number of published studies and the quality of these studies was low. The review evidence suggests the following:      •   Compared with placebo (or 'dummy') treatment, bisphosphonates (a class of medicines that slow down bone loss) may reduce pain intensity shortly after treatment, but they are probably associated with some side effects.    •   Compared with a placebo (or sham) treatment, blocking the branches of the sympathetic nervous system with an anaesthetic probably does not reduce pain intensity.    •   There may not be any differences in the pain‐reducing effects of a topical cream called dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and an amino acid supplement called N‐acetyl cysteine, but it is unclear whether either treatment works at all.    •   One type of nerve block, called a brachial plexus block, may reduce pain intensity more than another type of block, called a bupivacaine stellate ganglion block. For the majority of the commonly used drug, surgical, rehabilitation, and complementary and alternative therapies for CRPS, we found only very low‐quality evidence or no evidence at all. As a result, we cannot be certain about their effects on pain and disability in CRPS.     What are the limitations of the evidence? All of the included non‐Cochrane reviews were conducted in a way that affects the reliability of their findings. The studies included within both the Cochrane and non‐Cochrane reviews had several limitations, particularly due to the small number of included participants. The results presented within this overview demonstrate unclear benefits and risks for most treatments for adults with CRPS.   How up‐to‐date is this evidence? This overview updates our previous overview. The evidence is up‐to‐date to October 2022.
 Interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin;  Abstract - Background Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the commonest cancer affecting white‐skinned individuals, and worldwide incidence is increasing. Although rarely fatal, BCC is associated with significant morbidity and costs. First‐line treatment is usually surgical excision, but alternatives are available. New published studies and the development of non‐surgical treatments meant an update of our Cochrane Review (first published in 2003, and previously updated in 2007) was timely. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for BCC in immunocompetent adults. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to November 2019: Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, and LILACS. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of interventions for BCC in immunocompetent adults with histologically‐proven, primary BCC. Eligible comparators were placebo, active treatment, other treatments, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Primary outcome measures were recurrence at three years and five years (measured clinically) (we included recurrence data outside of these time points if there was no measurement at three or five years) and participant‐ and observer‐rated good/excellent cosmetic outcome. Secondary outcomes included pain during and after treatment, early treatment failure within six months, and adverse effects (AEs). We used GRADE to assess evidence certainty for each outcome. Main results We included 52 RCTs (26 new) involving 6690 participants (median 89) in this update. All studies recruited from secondary care outpatient clinics. More males than females were included. Study duration ranged from six weeks to 10 years (average 13 months). Most studies (48/52) included only low‐risk BCC (superficial (sBCC) and nodular (nBCC) histological subtypes). The majority of studies were at low or unclear risk of bias for most domains. Twenty‐two studies were industry‐funded: commercial sponsors conducted most of the studies assessing imiquimod, and just under half of the photodynamic therapy (PDT) studies. Overall, surgical interventions have the lowest recurrence rates. For high‐risk facial BCC (high‐risk histological subtype or located in the facial 'H‐zone' or both), there may be slightly fewer recurrences with Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS) compared to surgical excision (SE) at three years (1.9% versus 2.9%, respectively) (risk ratio (RR) 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.16 to 2.64; 1 study, 331 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and at five years (3.2% versus 5.2%, respectively) (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.18 to 2.04; 1 study, 259 participants; low‐certainty evidence). However, the 95% CI also includes the possibility of increased risk of recurrence and no difference between treatments. There may be little to no difference regarding improvement of cosmetic outcomes between MMS and SE, judged by participants and observers 18 months post‐operatively (one study; low‐certainty evidence); however, no raw data were available for this outcome. When comparing imiquimod and SE for nBCC or sBCC at low‐risk sites, imiquimod probably results in more recurrences than SE at three years (16.4% versus 1.6%, respectively) (RR 10.30, 95% CI 3.22 to 32.94; 1 study, 401 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and five years (17.5% versus 2.3%, respectively) (RR 7.73, 95% CI 2.81 to 21.3; 1 study, 383 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). There may be little to no difference in the number of participant‐rated good/excellent cosmetic outcomes (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.06; 1 study, 326 participants; low‐certainty evidence). However, imiquimod may result in greater numbers of good/excellent cosmetic outcomes compared to SE when observer‐rated (60.6% versus 35.6%, respectively) (RR 1.70, 95% CI 1.35 to 2.15; 1 study, 344 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Both cosmetic outcomes were measured at three years. Based on one study of 347 participants with high‐ and low‐risk primary BCC of the face, radiotherapy may result in more recurrences compared to SE under frozen section margin control at three years (5.2% versus 0%, respectively) (RR 19.11, 95% CI 1.12 to 325.78; low‐certainty evidence) and at four years (6.4% versus 0.6%, respectively) (RR 11.06, 95% CI 1.44 to 84.77; low‐certainty evidence). Radiotherapy probably results in a smaller number of participant‐ (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.91; 50.3% versus 66.1%, respectively) or observer‐rated (RR 0.48, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.62; 28.9% versus 60.3%, respectively) good/excellent cosmetic outcomes compared to SE, when measured at four years, where dyspigmentation and telangiectasia can occur (both moderate‐certainty evidence). Methyl‐aminolevulinate (MAL)‐PDT may result in more recurrences compared to SE at three years (36.4% versus 0%, respectively) (RR 26.47, 95% CI 1.63 to 429.92; 1 study; 68 participants with low‐risk nBCC in the head and neck area; low‐certainty evidence). There were no useable data for measurement at five years. MAL‐PDT probably results in greater numbers of participant‐ (RR 1.18, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.27; 97.3% versus 82.5%) or observer‐rated (RR 1.87, 95% CI 1.54 to 2.26; 87.1% versus 46.6%) good/excellent cosmetic outcomes at one year compared to SE (2 studies, 309 participants with low‐risk nBCC and sBCC; moderate‐certainty evidence). Based on moderate‐certainty evidence (single low‐risk sBCC), imiquimod probably results in fewer recurrences at three years compared to MAL‐PDT (22.8% versus 51.6%, respectively) (RR 0.44, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.62; 277 participants) and five years (28.6% versus 68.6%, respectively) (RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.57; 228 participants). There is probably little to no difference in numbers of observer‐rated good/excellent cosmetic outcomes at one year (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.16; 370 participants). Participant‐rated cosmetic outcomes were not measured for this comparison. AEs with surgical interventions include wound infections, graft necrosis and post‐operative bleeding. Local AEs such as itching, weeping, pain and redness occur frequently with non‐surgical interventions. Treatment‐related AEs resulting in study modification or withdrawal occurred with imiquimod and MAL‐PDT. Authors' conclusions Surgical interventions have the lowest recurrence rates, and there may be slightly fewer recurrences with MMS over SE for high‐risk facial primary BCC (low‐certainty evidence). Non‐surgical treatments, when used for low‐risk BCC, are less effective than surgical treatments, but recurrence rates are acceptable and cosmetic outcomes are probably superior. Of the non‐surgical treatments, imiquimod has the best evidence to support its efficacy. Overall, evidence certainty was low to moderate. Priorities for future research include core outcome measures and studies with longer‐term follow‐up. Plain language summary Interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin Why is this question important? Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common form of skin cancer among people with white skin. BCC is not usually life‐threatening but if left untreated, it can cause important disfigurement, especially on the face. Surgical removal of the affected area and surrounding skin is usually the first option for treating BCC. Several different surgical approaches exist as well as non‐surgical treatments, such as radiotherapy (high doses of radiation that kill cancer cells), and anti‐cancer creams, gels and ointments. We reviewed the evidence from research studies, to find out which treatments work best for BCC. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? We searched for randomised controlled studies (studies where people are randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups), because these provide the most robust evidence about the effects of a treatment. We compared and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes, and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found 52 studies that involved a total of 6690 adults with BCC. Most studies (48 out of 52) included hospital outpatients with small, superficial or nodular BCC. Studies lasted for between six weeks and 10 years (average duration: 13 months). Twenty‐two studies were funded by pharmaceutical companies. Our confidence in the evidence presented here is low to moderate, mainly because many studies were small. Comparison between different surgical treatments ‐ Mohs micrographic surgery (a specialised surgical approach that removes less skin) may slightly decrease recurrence rates at three and five years compared to surgical excision (one of the most common surgical treatments for BCC). ‐There may be little to no difference in how well scars heal between these two surgical treatments according to patients and observers (one study). Surgery versus non‐surgical treatments Compared against surgical excision: ‐ Imiquimod (an anti‐cancer cream) probably increases BCC recurrence rates at three and five years. There may be little to no difference in scar healing according to patients, although imiquimod may increase chances of scars healing well when healing is rated by an observer (one study). ‐ Radiotherapy may increase BCC recurrence rates at three and four years, and probably decreases chances of scars healing well (one study). ‐ MAL‐PDT, a type of photodynamic therapy (that uses a light source and light‐sensitive medicine to kill cancer cells), may increase BCC recurrence rates at three years. MAL‐PDT probably increases chances of scars healing well (two studies). Comparison of different non‐surgical treatments Compared against imiquimod: ‐ MAL‐PDT probably increases BCC recurrence rates at three and five years. There is probably little to no difference in scar healing (one study); What does this mean? Overall, the evidence suggests that: ‐ surgery could reduce chances of BCC recurrence; ‐ non‐surgical treatments such as anti‐cancer creams or photodynamic therapy carry an increased chance of BCC recurrence, but could increase chances of scars healing well compared with surgery. Complications with surgical treatments include wound infections, skin graft failure and bleeding after the procedure. Non‐surgical treatments frequently lead to localised itching, weeping, pain and redness. Treatment‐related side effects that caused modifications to the study or the withdrawal of participants occurred with imiquimod and MAL‐PDT. How‐up‐to date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to November 2019.
 Interventions for the treatment of Paget's disease of the vulva;  Abstract - Background This is an updated version of the original Cochrane Review published in Issue 10, 2013. Extramammary Paget's disease is a rare form of superficial skin cancer. The most common site of involvement is the vulva. It is seen mainly in postmenopausal white women. Paget's disease of the vulva often spreads in an occult fashion, with margins extending beyond the apparent edges of the lesion. There is a range of interventions from surgical to non‐invasive techniques or treatments. The challenges of interventions are to remove or treat disease that may not be visible, without overtreatment and with minimisation of morbidity from radical surgery. There is little consensus regarding treatment. Surgery, by default, is the most common treatment, but it is challenging to excise the disease adequately, and recurrence is common, leading to repeated operations, and destruction of anatomy. Alternative treatments of photodynamic therapy, laser therapy, radiotherapy, topical treatments or even chemotherapy have been mooted, and it is important to evaluate the available evidence. It is essential to assess whether newer cell‐specific treatments, such as photodynamic therapy and imiquimod, can reduce the need for radical surgery. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of different treatment modalities for the management of Paget's disease of the vulva. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (via Ovid) and Embase (via Ovid) up to 8 May 2018. We also searched registers of clinical trials, abstracts of scientific meetings and reference lists of review articles. Selection criteria We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and well‐designed non‐randomised studies that compared different interventions in women with Paget's disease of the vulva, Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed whether potentially relevant studies met the inclusion criteria. We found no trials and, therefore, analysed no data. Main results The search for the original version of the review identified 635 unique references. We found 31 references (which reported on 30 studies) in full text after inspection of titles and abstracts, but we excluded them all as they did not meet the inclusion criteria. However, we have included a comprehensive narrative account of studies where we identified an analysis of more than 10 women, as this forms the only evidence base in this rare disease. Surgery continues to be the mainstay of treatment in the current literature, with other treatments limited to case reports or treatment of inoperable or recurrent disease. This update between September 2013 and May 2018 identified 35 new studies. None of these met the inclusion criteria. There was only one prospective study of 5% imiquimod in recurrent Paget's disease of the vulva, which although of good quality only included eight women. Authors' conclusions Since the last version of the review was published there are many more cases in the literature reporting a clinical response to 5% imiquimod cream. There is one prospective study of eight women treated with 5% imiquimod for recurrent Paget's disease of the vulva, and one prospective trial of 20 women was due to be reported. This increasing evidence for the safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod will be helpful for women and clinicians alike. Ideally, a multicentre RCT of reasonable size is needed, but ongoing publications of high‐quality non‐randomised prospective studies will enhance the current available literature. Plain language summary The comparison of different treatments for women with Paget's disease of the vulva Background   Extramammary Paget’s disease of the vulva is a rare type of superficial skin cancer. It is most common in postmenopausal white women. It is an intraepithelial (layer of cells that forms the surface or lining of an organ) condition that can present as white and red scaly areas on the vulva that may be itchy and painful. The diagnosis is made by examination and tissue sampling. Abnormal cells often extend outside the clinically abnormal area, so some studies suggest frozen section at time of surgery, where a pathologist can give a rapid report of small biopsies to say whether the skin is involved with Paget's or not. Other treatments include: topical medication, such as imiquimod (self‐applied cream); radiotherapy; chemotherapy; photodynamic therapy (form of phototherapy using light‐sensitive compounds that are exposed selectively to light, whereupon they become toxic to targeted cancerous and other diseased cells); laser therapy; or a combination of these approaches. The challenges of interventions are to remove or treat disease that may not be visible, without overtreatment. Avoiding the long‐term complications of radical surgery, such as pain and scarring, a feeling of mutilation and loss of femininity, is very important to women. Surgery is still the most common treatment, but it is challenging to remove the disease completely, and recurrence is common, leading to repeated operations and mutilation of the vulva. The aim of this review was to evaluate the benefits and harms of different treatments for Paget's disease of the vulva. Study characteristics   We searched for randomised controlled trials (trials where treatment is allocated to women in a random manner) and well‐designed non‐randomised studies that compared different treatments in women aged 18 years or older with biopsy‐confirmed Paget's disease of the vulva. Key results and quality of evidence   We searched scientific databases and contacted experts and identified and checked the titles and abstracts of 635 possibly relevant articles and retrieved 31 of these references in full text. However, we found no studies that met our inclusion criteria. We identified several non‐randomised studies and drafted a detailed narrative of their results, but these studies were of poor quality and were at high risk of bias. Therefore, there is currently no evidence to determine whether any form of treatment is better or worse in terms of prolonging survival, delaying progression or recurrence, improving QoL or minimising toxicity. The review highlights the need for good‐quality studies comparing different interventions for the management of Paget's disease of the vulva. Women and clinicians would value more evidence for guiding surgical and non‐surgical management of this disease. In particular, non‐invasive medical management would spare women from the side effects and consequences of surgery.
 Interventions for Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis;  Abstract - Background Cutaneous leishmaniasis, caused by a parasitic infection, is considered one of the most serious skin diseases in many low‐ and middle‐income countries. Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis (OWCL) is caused by species found in Africa, Asia, the Middle East, the Mediterranean, and India. The most commonly prescribed treatments are antimonials, but other drugs have been used with varying success. As OWCL tends to heal spontaneously, it is necessary to justify the use of systemic and topical treatments. This is an update of a Cochrane Review first published in 2008. Objectives To assess the effects of therapeutic interventions for the localised form of Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis. Search methods We updated our searches of the following databases to November 2016: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. We also searched five trials registers and checked the reference lists of included studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We wrote to national programme managers, general co‐ordinators, directors, clinicians, WHO‐EMRO regional officers of endemic countries, pharmaceutical companies, tropical medicine centres, and authors of relevant papers for further information about relevant unpublished and ongoing trials. We undertook a separate search for adverse effects of interventions for Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis in September 2015 using MEDLINE. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of either single or combination treatments in immunocompetent people with OWCL confirmed by smear, histology, culture, or polymerase chain reaction. The comparators were either no treatment, placebo/vehicle, and/or another active compound. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias and extracted data. We only synthesised data when we were able to identify at least two studies investigating similar treatments and reporting data amenable to pooling. We also recorded data about adverse effects from the corresponding search. Main results We included 89 studies (of which 40 were new to this update) in 10,583 people with OWCL. The studies included were conducted mainly in the Far or Middle East at regional hospitals, local healthcare clinics, and skin disease research centres. Women accounted for 41.5% of the participants (range: 23% to 80%). The overall mean age of participants was 25 years (range 12 to 56). Most studies lasted between two to six months, with the longest lasting two years; average duration was four months. Most studies were at unclear or high risk for most bias domains. A lack of blinding and reporting bias were present in almost 40% of studies. Two trials were at low risk of bias for all domains. Trials reported the causative species poorly. Here we provide results for the two main comparisons identified: itraconazole (200 mg for six to eight weeks) versus placebo; and paromomycin ointment (15% plus 10% urea, twice daily for 14 days) versus vehicle. In the comparison of oral itraconazole versus placebo, at 2.5 months' follow up, 85/125 participants in the itraconazole group achieved complete cure compared to 54/119 in the placebo group (RR 3.70, 95% CI 0.35 to 38.99; 3 studies; 244 participants). In one study, microbiological or histopathological cure of skin lesions only occurred in the itraconazole group after a mean follow‐up of 2.5 months (RR 17.00, 95% CI 0.47 to 612.21; 20 participants). However, although the analyses favour oral itraconazole for these outcomes, we cannot be confident in the results due to the very low certainty evidence. More side effects of mild abdominal pain and nausea (RR 2.36, 95% CI 0.74 to 7.47; 3 studies; 204 participants) and mild abnormal liver function (RR 3.08, 95% CI 0.53 to 17.98; 3 studies; 84 participants) occurred in the itraconazole group (as well as reports of headaches and dizziness), compared with the placebo group, but again we rated the certainty of evidence as very low so are unsure of the results. When comparing paromomycin with vehicle, there was no difference in the number of participants who achieved complete cure (RR of 1.00, 95% CI 0.86, 1.17; 383 participants, 2 studies) and microbiological or histopathological cure of skin lesions after a mean follow‐up of 2.5 months (RR 1.03, CI 0.88 to 1.20; 383 participants, 2 studies), but the paromomycin group had more skin/local reactions (such as inflammation, vesiculation, pain, redness, or itch) (RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.67 to 3.01; 4 studies; 713 participants). For all of these outcomes, the certainty of evidence was very low, meaning we are unsure about these results. Trial authors did not report the percentage of lesions cured after the end of treatment or speed of healing for either of these key comparisons. Authors' conclusions There was very low‐certainty evidence to support the effectiveness of itraconazole and paromomycin ointment for OWCL in terms of cure (i.e. microbiological or histopathological cure and percentage of participants completely cured). Both of these interventions incited more adverse effects, which were mild in nature, than their comparisons, but we could draw no conclusions regarding safety due to the very low certainty of the evidence for this outcome. We downgraded the key outcomes in these two comparisons due to high risk of bias, inconsistency between the results, and imprecision. There is a need for large, well‐designed international studies that evaluate long‐term effects of current therapies and enable a reliable conclusion about treatments. Future trials should specify the species of leishmaniasis; trials on types caused by  Leishmania infantum, L aethiopica , and L donovani  are lacking. Research into the effects of treating women of childbearing age, children, people with comorbid conditions, and those who are immunocompromised would also be helpful. It was difficult to evaluate the overall efficacy of any of the numerous treatments due to the variable treatment regimens examined and because RCTs evaluated different  Leishmania  species and took place in different geographical areas. Some outcomes we looked for but did not find were degree of functional and aesthetic impairment, change in ability to detect  Leishmania , quality of life, and emergence of resistance. There were only limited data on prevention of scarring. Plain language summary Treatments for Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis Background Old World cutaneus leishmaniasis (OWCL) is an infection caused by the  Leishmania  parasite, which is passed onto humans by the bite of sandflies. It is a serious skin disease associated with a broad range of signs, symptoms, and degrees of severity. We wanted to assess the competence and safety of all available treatments for OWCL. Review question We assessed participants with a healthy immune response who had OWCL diagnosed by laboratory methods. Treatments had to be given alone or in combination with another treatment, and they were compared against no treatment, placebo (an inactive substance) only, or another active treatment. Some of the main outcomes we were interested in included the percentage of wounds cured after the end of treatment, the number of participants completely cured after the end of treatment, speed of healing, side‐effects of treatment, and clearance of parasites (i.e. infection). Study characteristics We reviewed 89 clinical trials, which included 10,583 people, in total, with OWCL. We included participants of both sexes and all ages (mean 24.5 years); most participants were over 18 years of age. Most studies were carried out in single centres in different countries, mainly in the Far or Middle East, and lasted between two to six months. We included a variety of treatments, such as antimonials, antifungals, and antibiotics, which were administered either directly onto the skin or into a wound, taken by mouth, or physically applied (e.g. laser treatment, heat therapy, etc.). Most of the included studies assessed OWCL caused by two species of parasites known as  Leishmania major  ( L. major ) and Leishmania tropica  ( L. tropica ). Key results The evidence is current to November 2016. Two of the most important treatments that we assessed in this review were itraconazole, an antifungal drug taken by mouth, and paromomycin, an antibiotic applied as an ointment. Trials compared both to a placebo tablet or inactive cream (vehicle). Participants received 200 mg itraconazole for six to eight weeks or paromomycin ointment at a concentration of 15% plus 10% urea, twice daily for 14 days. When assessed on average 2.5 months after treatment, more participants were completely cured and cleared of the infection‐causing parasites with itraconazole than placebo, but they also had more side effects (mild stomach pain, sickness, and abnormal liver function, as well as headaches and dizziness). When paromomycin ointment was compared with placebo, there was no difference in the number of completely cured participants or the number who were found to be cleared of parasites when assessed on average 2.5 months after treatment, but those in the paromomycin treatment group had more contained skin reactions (such as swelling, blistering, pain, redness, or itch). However, as the certainty of the evidence for these outcomes for these particular comparisons was very low, we are not sure of the accuracy of these results. Neither of our key treatment comparisons assessed the percentage of wounds cured after the end of treatment and speed of healing (i.e. time taken to be cured). Quality of the evidence The overall certainty of the evidence for the different outcomes in the two main comparisons was very low. Important reasons for this were that studies were not blinded, or had a small sample size, making the results less precise. Some of the evidence only focused on young people, and the results greatly varied between each study. We need more research to fill in the following research gaps: 1) trials of OWCL caused by other types of infection such as  L. infantum, L. aethiopica , or L. donovani ; 2) involving specific subgroups of people such as children; 3) assessing effectiveness and safety of different anti‐ Leishmania  drugs compared with placebo in self‐healing forms of leishmaniasis or with traditional first‐choice antimonial treatment in complicated form (defined as more than four lesions over 4 cm in size, located close to an opening or small joints, for which previous treatment has failed); and 4) assessing areas such as wound healing and patient‐reported outcomes, such as quality of life. In addition, few studies assessed relevant issues such as drug resistance. International collaboration is required to improve the quality and standardisation of future trials in order to develop a better evidence‐based approach.
 Topical NSAIDs for chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults;  Abstract - Background Use of topical nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) to treat chronic musculoskeletal conditions has become widely accepted because they can provide pain relief without associated systemic adverse events. This review is an update of 'Topical NSAIDs for chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults', originally published in Issue 9, 2012. Objectives To review the evidence from randomised, double‐blind, controlled trials on the efficacy and safety of topically applied NSAIDs for chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, EMBASE, and our own in‐house database; the date of the last search was February 2016. We also searched the references lists of included studies and reviews, and sought unpublished studies by asking personal contacts and searching online clinical trial registers and manufacturers' web sites. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind, active or inert carrier (placebo) controlled trials in which treatments were administered to adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain of moderate or severe intensity. Studies had to meet stringent quality criteria and there had to be at least 10 participants in each treatment arm, with application of treatment at least once daily. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion and extracted data. We used numbers of participants achieving each outcome to calculate risk ratio and numbers needed to treat (NNT) or harm (NNH) compared to carrier or other active treatment. We were particularly interested to compare different formulations (gel, cream, plaster) of individual NSAIDs. The primary outcome was 'clinical success', defined as at least a 50% reduction in pain, or an equivalent measure such as a 'very good' or 'excellent' global assessment of treatment, or 'none' or 'slight' pain on rest or movement, measured on a categorical scale. Main results We identified five new studies for this update, which now has information from 10,857 participants in 39 studies, a 41% increase in participants from the earlier review; 32 studies compared a topical NSAID with carrier. All studies examined topical NSAIDs for treatment of osteoarthritis, and for pooled analyses studies were generally of moderate or high methodological quality, although we considered some at risk of bias from short duration and small size. In studies lasting 6 to 12 weeks, topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen were significantly more effective than carrier for reducing pain; about 60% of participants had much reduced pain. With topical diclofenac, the NNT for clinical success in six trials (2353 participants) was 9.8 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.1 to 16) (moderate quality evidence). With topical ketoprofen, the NNT for clinical success in four trials (2573 participants) was 6.9 (5.4 to 9.3) (moderate quality evidence). There was too little information for analysis of other individual topical NSAIDs compared with carrier. Few trials compared a topical NSAID to an oral NSAID, but overall they showed similar efficacy (low quality evidence). These efficacy results were almost completely derived from people with knee osteoarthritis. There was an increase in local adverse events (mostly mild skin reactions) with topical diclofenac compared with carrier or oral NSAIDs, but no increase with topical ketoprofen (moderate quality evidence). Reporting of systemic adverse events (such as gastrointestinal upsets) was poor, but where reported there was no difference between topical NSAID and carrier (very low quality evidence). Serious adverse events were infrequent and not different between topical NSAID and carrier (very low quality evidence). Clinical success with carrier occurred commonly ‐ in around half the participants in studies lasting 6 to 12 weeks. Both direct and indirect comparison of clinical success with oral placebo indicates that response rates with carrier (topical placebo) are about twice those seen with oral placebo. A substantial amount of data from completed, unpublished studies was unavailable (up to 6000 participants). To the best of our knowledge, much of this probably relates to formulations that have never been marketed. Authors' conclusions Topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen can provide good levels of pain relief beyond carrier in osteoarthritis for a minority of people, but there is no evidence for other chronic painful conditions. There is emerging evidence that at least some of the substantial placebo effects seen in longer duration studies derive from effects imparted by the NSAID carrier itself, and that NSAIDs add to that. Plain language summary Topical nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults Bottom line Topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen can provide good levels of pain relief in osteoarthritis, but only for about 10% more people than get this result with topical placebo. There is no evidence for other chronic painful conditions. Background Chronic musculoskeletal pain occurs in conditions like osteoarthritis. Pain is typically moderate or severe in intensity, lasting for three months or more. Topical nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are applied to unbroken skin where it hurts in the form of a gel, cream, spray, or plaster. Topical NSAIDs penetrate the skin, enter tissues or joints, and reduce processes that cause pain in the tissue. Drug levels in the blood with topical NSAIDs are very much lower than with the same drug taken by mouth. This minimises the risk of harmful effects. Study characteristics This review is an update of 'Topical NSAIDs for chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults', originally published in 2012. We found 39 generally high‐quality studies with 10,857 participants where topical NSAID was used at least once a day. These studies tested a number of different topical drugs, mostly against a topical placebo. We were interested in participants having good pain reduction (by about half), ideally 6 to 12 weeks after treatment started. Studies that last longer are more representative of the real world, because in these chronic conditions the pain almost never goes away if untreated. We looked at individual NSAIDs to see how effective they were. Key results Diclofenac and ketoprofen were the only two with good quality and longer duration studies, mostly in people aged over 40 years with painful knee arthritis. The comparison was between topical diclofenac or ketoprofen in a solution or gel, and the solution or gel without any drug in it (topical placebo). For diclofenac and ketoprofen, about 6 people out of 10 with osteoarthritis had much reduced pain after 6 to 12 weeks, compared with 5 out of 10 with topical placebo (moderate quality evidence). Skin reactions (mostly mild) were more common (20 in 100) with topical diclofenac than topical placebo (5 in 100); there was no difference between topical ketoprofen and topical placebo (moderate quality evidence). Other adverse events, like stomach upsets, were poorly reported in these studies, but were no different between topical diclofenac or ketoprofen and topical placebo (very low quality evidence). Serious adverse events were uncommon. Quality of the evidence We rated the quality of the evidence for topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen compared with placebo as moderate for efficacy, and very low for harmful effects. Moderate quality evidence means that further research may change our estimate of the effect, and very low quality evidence means that we are very uncertain about the accuracy of our estimate.
 Non‐surgical therapies for Peyronie's disease;  Abstract - Background Peyronie's disease is a condition that results in the development of penile plaques that can lead to penile curvature, pain, and erectile dysfunction, making sexual activity difficult. A number of non‐surgical interventions exist to improve this condition, which include topical and injection agents as well as mechanical methods; however, their effectiveness remains uncertain. We performed this review to determine the effects of these non‐surgical treatments. Objectives To assess the effects of non‐surgical therapies compared to placebo or no treatment in individuals with Peyronie's disease. Search methods We performed a comprehensive search using multiple databases (the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, Google Scholar, and Web of Science), trials registries, other sources of grey literature, and conference proceedings, up to 23 September 2022. We applied no restrictions on publication language or status. Selection criteria We included trials in which men with Peyronie's disease were randomized to undergo non‐surgical therapies versus placebo or no treatment for penile curvature and sexual function. Data collection and analysis Two of four review authors, working in pairs, independently classified studies and abstracted data from the included studies. Primary outcomes were: patient‐reported ability to have intercourse, quality of life, and treatment‐related adverse effects. Secondary outcomes were: degree of penile curvature, discontinuation from treatment (for any reason), subjective patient‐reported change in penile curvature, and improvement in penile pain. We performed statistical analyses using a random‐effects model. We rated the certainty of evidence (CoE) according to the GRADE approach. Main results Our search identified 1288 relevant references of which we included 18 records corresponding to 14 unique randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1810 men. These informed 10 distinct comparisons with relevant outcome data that were mostly extracted from single trials. In this abstract, we focus only on the most clinically relevant comparisons for the three primary outcomes and also include the outcome of degree penile curvature. Injectional collagenase (short‐term):  We found no short‐term evidence on injectional collagenase for patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse and treatment‐related adverse effects compared to placebo injection. Injectional collagenase may result in little to no difference in quality of life (scale 0 to 20 with lower scores indicating better quality of life; mean difference (MD) 1.8 lower, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐3.58 to ‐0.02; 1 study, 134 participants; low CoE) and there may be little to no effect on the degree of penile curvature (MD 10.90 degrees less, 95% CI ‐16.24 to ‐5.56; 1 study, 136 participants; low CoE). Injectional collagenase (long‐term):  We also found no long‐term evidence on injectional collagenase for patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse compared to placebo injection. It likely results in little to no effect on quality of life (MD 1.00 lower, 95% CI ‐1.60 to ‐0.40; 1 study, 612 participants; moderate CoE). Treatment‐related adverse effects are likely increased (risk ratio (RR) 2.32, 95% CI 1.98 to 2.72; 1 study, 832 participants; moderate CoE). Injectional collagenase likely results in little to no change in the degree of penile curvature (MD 6.90 degrees less, 95% CI ‐9.64 to ‐4.14; 1 study, 612 participants; moderate CoE). Injectional verapamil (short‐term):  We are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse compared to placebo injection short‐term (RR 7.00, 95% CI 0.43 to 114.70; 1 study, 14 participants; very low CoE). We found no evidence for the outcome of quality of life. We are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect treatment‐related adverse effects (RR not estimable; 1 study, 14 participants; very low CoE). Similarly, we are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect degree of penile curvature (MD ‐1.86, 95% CI ‐10.39 to 6.67; 1 study, 14 participants; very low CoE). We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Extracorporeal shock wave treatment (ESWT) (short‐term):  We are very uncertain how ESWT affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse short‐term (RR 1.60, 95% CI 0.71 to 3.60; 1 study, 26 participants; very low CoE). ESWT may result in little to no difference in quality of life (MD 3.10, 95% CI 1.57 to 4.64; 2 studies, 130 participants; low CoE). We are very uncertain if ESWT has an effect on treatment‐related adverse effects (RR 2.73, 95% CI 0.74 to 10.14; 3 studies, 166 participants; very low CoE). ESWT may result in little to no difference in the degree of penile curvature compared to placebo (RR ‐2.84, 95% ‐7.35 to 1.67; 3 studies, 166 participants; low CoE). We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Penile traction therapy (short‐term):  We found no evidence for whether penile traction compared to no treatment affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse. We are very uncertain how traction therapy may affect quality of life (MD 1.50 lower, 95% CI ‐3.42 to 0.42; 1 study, 90 participants; very low CoE). We are also very uncertain how traction therapy may affect treatment‐related adverse effects (RR not estimable; 1 study, 90 participants; very low CoE) and how it affects the degree of curvature (MD 7.40 degrees less, 95% CI ‐11.18 to ‐3.62; 1 study, 89 participants; very low CoE). We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Authors' conclusions There is little evidence supporting the effectiveness of most non‐surgical treatments for Peyronie’s disease. Existing trials are mostly of poor methodological quality and/or fail to address patient‐centered outcomes. Injectional collagenase appears to have some effectiveness; however, many individuals may not experience the improvement as clinically relevant, and this comes with the risk of increased adverse events. There is a critical need for better non‐surgical treatment options for men with Peyronie’s disease. Plain language summary Non‐surgical therapy for Peyronie's disease Review question In men with Peyronie's disease, how do treatments that are not surgery, such as pills, creams, injections, or treatments using shock waves, affect men's reported sexual function? Background Peyronie's disease may cause penile curvature, pain, or both, which makes it difficult to perform penetrative intercourse. Aside from surgery, many other treatments may or may not help with this disease, but it is unclear how well they work. Methods We used the recommended Cochrane methods, including GRADE to rate the certainty of the evidence. Search date The findings of our review are up‐to‐date to 23 September 2022. Study characteristics We included 14 trials in 1810 men with Peyronie's disease. We only included studies that compared these treatments to placebo (a similar‐looking pill or injection with no active drug), sham (pretend) treatment, or no treatment. We only included studies in which chance decided what treatment the men got. Key results We found evidence for 10 different types of treatment that did not involve a surgical procedure. Here in this summary, we focus on the ones that experts told us were the most important to know about. Also, here we only report on the three main outcomes: patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse, their quality of life, and side effects. We also summarize data on the degree of penile curvature. Injectional collagenase (short‐term):  We found no evidence about how injectional collagenase affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse or causes treatment‐related unwanted side effects in the short term. Injectional collagenase may result in little to no difference in quality of life. There may be little to no effect on the degree of penile curvature. Injectional collagenase (long‐term):  We also found no evidence about how injectional collagenase affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse in the long term. Injectional collagenase likely results in little to no difference in quality of life, but likely increases unwanted side effects. Also, in the long term, it may result in little to no change in the degree of penile curvature. Injectional verapamil (short‐term):  We are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse. We found no evidence for the outcome of quality of life. We are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect treatment‐related side effects. Similarly, we are very uncertain how injectional verapamil may affect the degree of penile curvature. We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Extracorporeal shock wave treatment (ESWT):  We are very uncertain how ESWT affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse. ESWT may result in little to no difference in quality of life. We are again very uncertain if ESWT has an effect on treatment‐related side effects. ESWT may result in little to no difference in the degree of penile curvature compared to placebo. We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Penile traction therapy (short‐term):  We found no evidence about whether penile traction therapy compared to no treatment affects patients' self‐reported ability to have intercourse. We are very uncertain how traction therapy may affect quality of life. We are also very uncertain how traction therapy may affect treatment‐related side effects and how it affects the degree of curvature. We found no long‐term data for any outcome. Certainty of the evidence The certainty of the evidence is mainly very low or low for most of the interventions assessed. The certainty of the evidence is moderate for injectional collagenase (long‐term outcomes). This means that our confidence in the results ranges from very low to moderate (and is mostly very low).
 Interventions for preventing oral mucositis in patients with cancer receiving treatment: oral cryotherapy;  Abstract - Background Oral mucositis is a side effect of chemotherapy, head and neck radiotherapy, and targeted therapy, affecting over 75% of high risk patients. Ulceration can lead to severe pain and difficulty eating and drinking, which may necessitate opioid analgesics, hospitalisation and nasogastric or intravenous nutrition. These complications may lead to interruptions or alterations to cancer therapy, which may reduce survival. There is also a risk of death from sepsis if pathogens enter the ulcers of immunocompromised patients. Ulcerative oral mucositis can be costly to healthcare systems, yet there are few preventive interventions proven to be beneficial. Oral cryotherapy is a low‐cost, simple intervention which is unlikely to cause side‐effects. It has shown promise in clinical trials and warrants an up‐to‐date Cochrane review to assess and summarise the international evidence. Objectives To assess the effects of oral cryotherapy for preventing oral mucositis in patients with cancer who are receiving treatment. Search methods We searched the following databases: the Cochrane Oral Health Group Trials Register (to 17 June 2015), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( Cochrane Library  2015, Issue 5), MEDLINE via Ovid (1946 to 17 June 2015), EMBASE via Ovid (1980 to 17 June 2015), CANCERLIT via PubMed (1950 to 17 June 2015) and CINAHL via EBSCO (1937 to 17 June 2015). We searched the US National Institutes of Health Trials Registry, and the WHO Clinical Trials Registry Platform for ongoing trials. No restrictions were placed on the language or date of publication when searching databases. Selection criteria We included parallel‐design randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effects of oral cryotherapy in patients with cancer receiving treatment. We used outcomes from a published core outcome set registered on the COMET website. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened the results of electronic searches, extracted data and assessed risk of bias. We contacted study authors for information where feasible. For dichotomous outcomes, we reported risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). For continuous outcomes, we reported mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs. We pooled similar studies in random‐effects meta‐analyses. We reported adverse effects in a narrative format. Main results We included 14 RCTs analysing 1280 participants. The vast majority of participants did not receive radiotherapy to the head and neck, so this review primarily assesses prevention of chemotherapy‐induced oral mucositis. All studies were at high risk of bias. The following results are for the main comparison: oral cryotherapy versus control (standard care or no treatment). Adults receiving fluorouracil‐based (5FU) chemotherapy for solid cancers Oral cryotherapy probably reduces oral mucositis of any severity (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.72, 5 studies, 444 analysed, moderate quality evidence). In a population where 728 per 1000 would develop oral mucositis, oral cryotherapy would reduce this to 444 (95% CI 379 to 524). The number needed to treat to benefit one additional person (NNTB), i.e. to prevent them from developing oral mucositis, is 4 people (95% CI 3 to 5). The results were similar for moderate to severe oral mucositis (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.41 to 0.65, 5 studies, 444 analysed, moderate quality evidence). NNTB 4 (95% CI 4 to 6). Severe oral mucositis is probably reduced (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.61, 5 studies, 444 analysed, moderate quality evidence). Where 300 per 1000 would develop severe oral mucositis, oral cryotherapy would reduce this to 120 (95% CI 81 to 183), NNTB 6 (95% CI 5 to 9). Adults receiving high‐dose melphalan‐based chemotherapy before haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) Oral cryotherapy may reduce oral mucositis of any severity (RR 0.59, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.01, 5 studies, 270 analysed, low quality evidence). Where 824 per 1000 would develop oral mucositis, oral cryotherapy would reduce this to 486 (95% CI reduced to 289 to increased to 833). The NNTB is 3, although the uncertainty surrounding the effect estimate means that the 95% CI ranges from 2 NNTB, to 111 NNTH (number needed to treat in order to harm one additional person, i.e. for one additional person to develop oral mucositis). The results were similar for moderate to severe oral mucositis (RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.09, 5 studies, 270 analysed, low quality evidence). NNTB 3 (95% CI 2 NNTB to 17 NNTH). Severe oral mucositis is probably reduced (RR 0.38, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.72, 5 studies, 270 analysed, moderate quality evidence). Where 427 per 1000 would develop severe oral mucositis, oral cryotherapy would reduce this to 162 (95% CI 85 to 308), NNTB 4 (95% CI 3 to 9). Oral cryotherapy was shown to be safe, with very low rates of minor adverse effects, such as headaches, chills, numbness/taste disturbance, and tooth pain. This appears to contribute to the high rates of compliance seen in the included studies. There was limited or no evidence on the secondary outcomes of this review, or on patients undergoing other chemotherapies, radiotherapy, targeted therapy, or on comparisons of oral cryotherapy with other interventions or different oral cryotherapy regimens. Therefore no further robust conclusions can be made. There was also no evidence on the effects of oral cryotherapy in children undergoing cancer treatment. Authors' conclusions We are confident that oral cryotherapy leads to large reductions in oral mucositis of all severities in adults receiving 5FU for solid cancers. We are less confident in the ability of oral cryotherapy to reduce oral mucositis in adults receiving high‐dose melphalan before HSCT. Evidence suggests that it does reduce oral mucositis in these adults, but we are less certain about the size of the reduction, which could be large or small. However, we are confident that there is an appreciable reduction in severe oral mucositis in these adults. This Cochrane review includes some very recent and currently unpublished data, and strengthens international guideline statements for adults receiving the above cancer treatments. Plain language summary Can keeping the mouth cold during cancer treatment help to prevent mouth soreness and ulcers in children and adults? Review question This review has been produced to assess whether or not keeping the mouth cold during cancer treatment, by using ice, ice‐cold water, ice cream or ice lollies/popsicles, can help prevent mouth soreness and ulcers in children and adults. Background People receiving treatment for cancer are at risk of developing a sore mouth and ulcers as a side effect. This side effect is called oral mucositis and affects over 75% of high‐risk patients (those receiving radiotherapy to the head and neck or high‐dose chemotherapy). The pain caused by this condition can be severe and can stop the person's ability to eat and drink, which may mean they need to take strong pain killers, stay in hospital and be fed through a tube into their stomach, or even into their veins. This in turn can lead to disruption to their cancer treatment, meaning they are not receiving the best possible treatment. The results may be a reduction in the patient's chances of survival, and increased costs to the healthcare system. Cancer patients have weakened immune systems due to their treatment, meaning that their bodies are less able to fight infections. This can be a problem if bacteria enter the body through the ulcer, which is an open wound. This can lead to sepsis (a dangerous inflammatory reaction of the body to infection), which requires antibiotics and hospitalisation, and can cause death. Oral cryotherapy is the cooling of the mouth using ice, ice‐cold water, ice cream or ice lollies/popsicles. It is thought to help prevent oral mucositis in people receiving certain types of chemotherapy because the coldness makes the blood vessels in the mouth more narrow, and this reduces the amount of blood containing chemotherapy drugs from reaching the mouth and causing oral mucositis. It is a low‐cost, natural treatment without serious side effects. Study characteristics Authors from the Cochrane Oral Health Group carried out this review of existing studies and the evidence is current up to 17 June 2015. It includes 14 studies published from 1991 to 2015 in which 1316 participants were randomised (1280 of whom were included in the analyses) to receive oral cryotherapy versus standard care (usually saline mouthrinses) or no treatment or a different treatment or a different method of oral cryotherapy, and the number of people developing oral mucositis of different severities was compared. Nearly all the evidence was on adults receiving oral cryotherapy versus standard care or no treatment. This evidence fell into two main groups: 1) adults receiving fluorouracil‐based (5FU) treatment for solid cancers; or 2) adults receiving high‐dose melphalan‐based cancer treatment before haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT). HSCT is given to help the body to produce all types of blood cells, which are destroyed during cancer treatment. Key results There is evidence showing that oral cryotherapy can lead to large reductions in the numbers of adults who get oral mucositis of all severities after receiving 5FU‐based treatment for solid cancers. There is less certain evidence to suggest that oral cryotherapy may reduce the numbers of adults who get oral mucositis after receiving high‐dose melphalan‐based cancer treatment prior to HSCT. The evidence suggests that it does reduce oral mucositis in these adults, but the size of the reduction is much less certain. However, there is more certain evidence that there is a large reduction in severe oral mucositis in these adults. Oral cryotherapy did not cause any serious side effects in any of the participants of these studies, and most people seemed able to carry it out properly and complete it. Quality of the evidence The evidence presented, on the main outcome of whether or not people developed oral mucositis of all severities, is of moderate (because the nature of the oral cryotherapy treatment meant that the studies could not be 'blinded' which is a desirable characteristic of these studies) to low quality (because in addition to the above problem, the results of the individual studies were too different to give a precise result when they were combined).
 Topical anti‐inflammatory treatments for eczema: network meta‐analysis;  Abstract - Background Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is the most burdensome skin condition worldwide and cannot currently be prevented or cured. Topical anti‐inflammatory treatments are used to control eczema symptoms, but there is uncertainty about the relative effectiveness and safety of different topical anti‐inflammatory treatments. Objectives To compare and rank the efficacy and safety of topical anti‐inflammatory treatments for people with eczema using a network meta‐analysis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and trial registries on 29 June 2023, and checked the reference lists of included studies. Selection criteria We included within‐participant or between‐participant randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in people of any age with eczema of any severity, but excluded trials in clinically infected eczema, seborrhoeic eczema, contact eczema, or hand eczema. We included topical anti‐inflammatory treatments used for at least one week, compared with another anti‐inflammatory treatment, no treatment, or vehicle/placebo. Vehicle is a 'carrier system' for an active pharmaceutical substance, which may also be used on its own as an emollient for dry skin. We excluded trials of topical antibiotics used alone, complementary therapies, emollients used alone, phototherapy, wet wraps, and systemic treatments. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Primary outcomes were patient‐reported eczema symptoms, clinician‐reported eczema signs and investigator global assessment. Secondary outcomes were health‐related quality of life, long‐term control of eczema, withdrawal from treatment/study, and local adverse effects (application‐site reactions, pigmentation changes and skin thinning/atrophy were identified as important concerns through patient and public involvement). We used CINeMA to quantify our confidence in the evidence for each outcome. Main results We included 291 studies involving 45,846 participants with the full spectrum of eczema severity, mainly conducted in high‐income countries in secondary care settings. Most studies included adults, with only 31 studies limited to children aged < 12 years. Studies usually included male and female participants, multiple ethnic groups but predominantly white populations. Most studies were industry‐funded (68%) or did not report their funding sources/details. Treatment duration and trial participation were a median of 21 and 28 days (ranging from 7 days to 5 years), respectively. Interventions used were topical corticosteroids (TCS) (172), topical calcineurin inhibitors (TCI) (134), phosphodiesterase‐4 (PDE‐4) inhibitors (55), janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors (30), aryl hydrocarbon receptor activators (10), or other topical agents (21). Comparators included vehicle (170) or other anti‐inflammatory treatments. The risk of bias was high in 242 of the 272 (89.0%) trials contributing to data analyses, most commonly due to concerns about selective reporting. Network meta‐analysis (NMA) was only possible for short‐term outcomes. Patient‐reported symptoms NMA of 40 trials (6482 participants) reporting patient‐reported symptoms as a  binary  outcome ranked tacrolimus 0.1% (OR 6.27, 95% CI 1.19 to 32.98), potent TCS (OR 5.99, 95% CI 2.83 to 12.69), and ruxolitinib 1.5% (OR 5.64, 95% CI 1.26 to 25.25) as the most effective, all with low confidence. Mild TCS, roflumilast 0.15%, and crisaborole 2% were the least effective. Class‐level sensitivity analysis found potent/very potent TCS had similar effectiveness to potent TCI and was more effective than mild TCI and PDE‐4 inhibitors. NMA of 29 trials (3839 participants) reporting patient‐reported symptoms as a  continuous  outcome ranked very potent TCS (SMD ‐1.99, 95% CI ‐3.25 to ‐0.73; low confidence) and tacrolimus 0.03% (SMD ‐1.57, 95% CI –2.42 to ‐0.72; moderate confidence) the highest. Direct information for tacrolimus 0.03% was based on one trial of 60 participants at high risk of bias. Roflumilast 0.15%, delgocitinib 0.25% or 0.5%, and tapinarof 1% were the least effective. Class‐level sensitivity analysis found potent/very potent TCS had similar effectiveness to potent TCI and JAK inhibitors and mild/moderate TCS was less effective than mild TCI. A further 50 trials (9636 participants) reported patient‐reported symptoms as a continuous outcome but could not be included in NMA. Clinician‐reported signs NMA of 32 trials (4121 participants) reported clinician signs as a  binary  outcome and ranked potent TCS (OR 8.15, 95% CI 4.99, 13.57), tacrolimus 0.1% (OR 8.06, 95% CI 3.30, 19.67), ruxolitinib 1.5% (OR 7.72, 95% CI 4.92, 12.10), and delgocitinib 0.5% (OR 7.61, 95% CI 3.72, 15.58) as most effective, all with moderate confidence. Mild TCS, roflumilast 0.15%, crisaborole 2%, and tapinarof 1% were the least effective. Class‐level sensitivity analysis found potent/very potent TCS more effective than potent TCI, mild TCI, JAK inhibitors, PDE‐4 inhibitors; and mild TCS and PDE‐4 inhibitors had similar effectiveness. NMA of 49 trials (5261 participants) reported clinician signs as a  continuous  outcome and ranked tacrolimus 0.03% (SMD ‐2.69, 95% CI ‐3.36, ‐2.02) and very potent TCS (SMD ‐1.87, 95% CI ‐2.69, ‐1.05) as most effective, both with moderate confidence; roflumilast 0.15%, difamilast 0.3% and tapinarof 1% were ranked as least effective. Direct information for tacrolimus 0.03% was based on one trial in 60 participants with a high risk of bias. For some sensitivity analyses, potent TCS, tacrolimus 0.1%, ruxolitinib 1.5%, delgocitinib 0.5% and delgocitinib 0.25% became some of the most effective treatments. Class‐level analysis found potent/very potent TCS had similar effectiveness to potent TCI and JAK inhibitors, and moderate/mild TCS was more effective than mild TCI. A further 100 trials (22,814 participants) reported clinician signs as a  continuous  outcome but could not be included in NMA. Investigator Global Assessment NMA of 140 trials (23,383 participants) reported IGA as a binary outcome and ranked ruxolitinib 1.5% (OR 9.34, 95% CI 4.8, 18.18), delgocitinib 0.5% (OR 10.08, 95% CI 2.65, 38.37), delgocitinib 0.25% (OR 6.87, 95% CI 1.79, 26.33), very potent TCS (OR 8.34, 95% CI 4.73, 14.67), potent TCS (OR 5.00, 95% CI 3.80, 6.58), and tacrolimus 0.1% (OR 5.06, 95% CI 3.59, 7.13) as most effective, all with moderate confidence. Mild TCS, crisaborole 2%, pimecrolimus 1%, roflumilast 0.15%, difamilast 0.3% and 1%, and tacrolimus 0.03% were the least effective. In a sensitivity analysis of low risk of bias information (12 trials, 1639 participants), potent TCS, delgocitinib 0.5% and delgocitinib 0.25% were most effective, and pimecrolimus 1%, roflumilast 0.15%, difamilast 1% and difamilast 0.3% least effective. Class‐level sensitivity analysis found potent/very potent TCS had similar effectiveness to potent TCI and JAK inhibitors and were more effective than PDE‐4 inhibitors; mild/moderate TCS were less effective than potent TCI and had similar effectiveness to mild TCI. Longer‐term outcomes over 6 to 12 months showed a possible increase in effectiveness for pimecrolimus 1% versus vehicle (4 trials, 2218 participants) in a pairwise meta‐analysis, and greater treatment success with mild/moderate TCS than pimecrolimus 1% (based on 1 trial of 2045 participants). Local adverse effects NMA of 83 trials (18,992 participants, 2424 events) reporting  application‐site reactions  ranked tacrolimus 0.1% (OR 2.2, 95% CI 1.53, 3.17; moderate confidence), crisaborole 2% (OR 2.12, 95% CI 1.18, 3.81; high confidence), tacrolimus 0.03% (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.10, 2.09; low confidence), and pimecrolimus 1% (OR 1.44, 95% CI 1.01, 2.04; low confidence) as most likely to cause site reactions. Very potent, potent, moderate, and mild TCS were least likely to cause site reactions. NMA of eight trials (1786 participants, 3 events) reporting  pigmentation changes  found no evidence for increased pigmentation changes with TCS and crisaborole 2%, with low confidence for mild, moderate or potent TCS and moderate confidence for crisaborole 2%. NMA of 25 trials (3691 participants, 36 events) reporting  skin thinning  found no evidence for increased skin thinning with short‐term (median 3 weeks, range 1‐16 weeks) use of mild TCS (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.12, 4.31), moderate TCS (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.16, 5.33), potent TCS (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.21, 4.43) or very potent TCS (OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.31, 2.49), all with low confidence. Longer‐term outcomes over 6 to 60 months showed increased skin thinning with mild to potent TCS versus TCI (3 trials, 4069 participants, 6 events with TCS). Authors' conclusions Potent TCS, JAK inhibitors and tacrolimus 0.1% were consistently ranked as amongst the most effective topical anti‐inflammatory treatments for eczema and PDE‐4 inhibitors as amongst the least effective. Mild TCS and tapinarof 1% were ranked amongst the least effective treatments in three of five efficacy networks. TCI and crisaborole 2% were ranked most likely to cause local application‐site reactions and TCS least likely. We found no evidence for increased skin thinning with short‐term TCS but an increase with longer‐term TCS. Plain language summary Comparing skin treatments for eczema Key messages: ° Strong corticosteroids, JAK inhibitors and tacrolimus 0.1% (all drugs that suppress the immune system) are consistently effective at reducing signs and symptoms of eczema. ° Unwanted effects, such as burning and stinging, are more likely with tacrolimus, pimecrolimus and crisaborole and less likely with corticosteroids; other unwanted effects, such as skin thinning, are only likely when strong corticosteroids are used long term. ° Given uncertainty about long‐term effectiveness and safety, other factors such as availability, cost and priorities, should be considered. What did we want to find out? Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is a common inflammatory skin condition with no cure. We compared various skin‐applied (topical) anti‐inflammatory treatments used to reduce eczema symptoms. We wanted to find the most effective and also the safest topical anti‐inflammatory treatments for people with eczema. What did we do? We included randomised trials for people with eczema of all ages and severities. Topical treatments had to be used for at least a week and were compared with other anti‐inflammatory treatments or none. We excluded trials of contact dermatitis or hand eczema, and excluded trials of antibiotics, complementary therapies, moisturisers alone, phototherapy, wet wraps, or treatments which are taken as a tablet, syrup or injection. We looked at different types of evidence of effectiveness: patient‐reported symptoms of eczema, clinician‐reported signs of eczema, and side effects. Our analysis followed standard Cochrane procedures, and we used a tool called CiNEMA to rate our confidence in the evidence. What did we find? We analysed 291 studies involving 45,846 people with eczema of different severities. Most of the studies took place in wealthier countries and focused on adults. Only 31 studies focused on children under 12 years. They assessed treatments like corticosteroid creams and calcineurin inhibitors. The studies lasted between seven days and five years and most studies were funded by companies who make anti‐inflammatory treatments for eczema. Potent corticosteroids, Janus kinase inhibitors such as ruxolitinib 1.5%, and tacrolimus 0.1% were consistently effective at reducing signs and symptoms of eczema. Phosphodiesterase‐4 inhibitors such as crisaborole 2% were amongst the least effective. Side effects such as burning and stinging were more likely with tacrolimus, pimecrolimus and crisaborole and less likely with corticosteroids. There was no evidence of increased skin thinning with short‐term (16 weeks or fewer) use of any treatment, including once or twice daily potent corticosteroids. We found that longer‐term (over 16 weeks) use of corticosteroids may increase skin thinning. Skin thinning occurred in about 1 in 300 people who used mild, moderate or potent corticosteroids for six months to five years. Our confidence in the evidence varied across the different types of measurements and different treatments. That depended on things like the size and number of trials of the different treatments, how different the results were between the trials, and whether we judged the results had been reported fairly. What are the limitations of the evidence? There was not enough information on the long‐term effectiveness and safety of topical anti‐inflammatory treatments. This review should be seen as a guide to the range of treatments that work best and are safest for short‐term control for most people with eczema. Product availability, cost and individual priorities vary, so there is no single treatment that is best for everyone. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to June 2023.
 Taxation of unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes;  Abstract - Background Global prevalence of overweight and obesity are alarming. For tackling this public health problem, preventive public health and policy actions are urgently needed. Some countries implemented food taxes in the past and some were subsequently abolished. Some countries, such as Norway, Hungary, Denmark, Bermuda, Dominica, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, and the Navajo Nation (USA), specifically implemented taxes on unprocessed sugar and sugar‐added foods. These taxes on unprocessed sugar and sugar‐added foods are fiscal policy interventions, implemented to decrease their consumption and in turn reduce adverse health‐related, economic and social effects associated with these food products. Objectives To assess the effects of taxation of unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods in the general population on the consumption of unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods, the prevalence and incidence of overweight and obesity, and the prevalence and incidence of other diet‐related health outcomes. Search methods We searched CENTRAL,  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews , MEDLINE, Embase and 15 other databases and trials registers on 12 September 2019. We handsearched the reference list of all records of included studies, searched websites of international organisations and institutions, and contacted review advisory group members to identify planned, ongoing or unpublished studies. Selection criteria We included studies with the following populations: children (0 to 17 years) and adults (18 years or older) from any country and setting. Exclusion applied to studies with specific subgroups, such as people with any disease who were overweight or obese as a side‐effect of the disease. The review included studies with taxes on or artificial increases of selling prices for unprocessed sugar or food products that contain added sugar (e.g. sweets, ice cream, confectionery, and bakery products), or both, as intervention, regardless of the taxation level or price increase. In line with Cochrane Effective Practice and Organisation of Care (EPOC) criteria, we included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster‐randomised controlled trials (cRCTs), non‐randomised controlled trials (nRCTs), controlled before‐after (CBA) studies, and interrupted time series (ITS) studies. We included controlled studies with more than one intervention or control site and ITS studies with a clearly defined intervention time and at least three data points before and three after the intervention. Our primary outcomes were consumption of unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods, energy intake, overweight, and obesity. Our secondary outcomes were substitution and diet, expenditure, demand, and other health outcomes. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened all eligible records for inclusion, assessed the risk of bias, and performed data extraction.Two review authors independently assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results We retrieved a total of 24,454 records. After deduplicating records, 18,767 records remained for title and abstract screening. Of 11 potentially relevant studies, we included one ITS study with 40,210 household‐level observations from the Hungarian Household Budget and Living Conditions Survey. The baseline ranged from January 2008 to August 2011, the intervention was implemented on September 2011, and follow‐up was until December 2012 (16 months). The intervention was a tax ‐ the so‐called 'Hungarian public health product tax' ‐ on sugar‐added foods, including selected foods exceeding a specific sugar threshold value. The intervention includes co‐interventions: the taxation of sugar‐sweetened beverages (SSBs) and of foods high in salt or caffeine. The study provides evidence on the effect of taxing foods exceeding a specific sugar threshold value on the consumption of sugar‐added foods. After implementation of the Hungarian public health product tax, the mean consumption of taxed sugar‐added foods (measured in units of kg) decreased by 4.0% (standardised mean difference (SMD) −0.040, 95% confidence interval (CI) −0.07 to −0.01; very low‐certainty evidence). The study was at low risk of bias in terms of performance bias, detection bias and reporting bias, with the shape of effect pre‐specified and the intervention unlikely to have any effect on data collection. The study was at unclear risk of attrition bias and at high risk in terms of other bias and the independence of the intervention. We rated the certainty of the evidence as very low for the primary and secondary outcomes. The Hungarian public health product tax included a tax on sugar‐added foods but did not include a tax on unprocessed sugar. We did not find eligible studies reporting on the taxation of unprocessed sugar. No studies reported on the primary outcomes of consumption of unprocessed sugar, energy intake, overweight, and obesity. No studies reported on the secondary outcomes of substitution and diet, demand, and other health outcomes. No studies reported on differential effects across population subgroups. We could not perform meta‐analyses or pool study results. Authors' conclusions There was very limited evidence and the certainty of the evidence was very low. Despite the reported reduction in consumption of taxed sugar‐added foods, we are uncertain whether taxing unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods has an effect on reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes. Further robustly conducted studies are required to draw concrete conclusions on the effectiveness of taxing unprocessed sugar or sugar‐added foods for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes. Plain language summary Does taxation of unprocessed sugar or foods with added sugar reduce their consumption and prevent obesity or other adverse health outcomes? Why is this review important? As outlined by the World Health Organization, 'globesity' (the rise in overweight and obesity globally) is a major world challenge. A sugar‐rich diet, especially when combined with physical inactivity, may cause overweight and obesity, and other harmful health outcomes. There are direct costs to healthcare services of people being overweight or obese, such as preventing and treating health problems that this causes. There are also costs to society as a whole when people who are ill through being overweight or obese are unable to work. Who will be interested in this review? This review may be of interest to government public health agencies, policy decision‐makers, food retailers, and food industries. This review and subsequent updates of this review may change policy and affect a government's motivation to create a tax on unprocessed sugar and foods with added sugar. It also may motivate food industries to reformulate their products to contain lower levels of added sugar. What question does this review aim to answer? We wanted to know if taxation of unprocessed sugar and foods with added sugar (other than sugar‐sweetened beverages (SSBs)) reduced their consumption, changed people's energy intake, and reduced overweight and obesity. We also wanted to know if taxation changed people's diet and spending, and had an effect on other diet‐related health problems. Which studies were included in the review? We searched for ongoing or published studies up to October 2019. Of a total of 24,454 records retrieved, we identified one 'interrupted time series' (ITS) study meeting our eligibility criteria to assess the impact of a tax on sugar‐added foods (but not unprocessed sugar). The study used data from the Hungarian Household Budget and Living Conditions Survey, with observations from 40,210 households. Evidence from the study included a 'baseline' (the situation before taxation), ranging from January 2008 to August 2011. The Hungarian public health product tax was implemented on September 2011. The duration of the follow‐up period (measuring the effects of taxation) was 16 months. The study was funded by the Scottish Institute for Research in Economics (SIRE) Early Career Engagement Grant. What does the evidence from the review reveal? The included study provided very limited evidence that taxing foods with added sugar reduced their consumption by 4%. We are very uncertain about this evidence because the study did not use the strongest methods, looked at other kinds of taxation as well as taxing foods with added sugar, and may not have correctly classified food types. We are uncertain whether taxing foods with added sugar has an effect on reducing their consumption. The included study did not investigate the effects of taxing unprocessed sugar. What should happen next? Further research is needed to assess the effectiveness of taxing unprocessed sugar or foods with added sugar for reducing their consumption and preventing obesity or other adverse health outcomes. Studies should take place in countries that have implemented these taxes and should look at cost‐effectiveness as well as the health benefits of taxing unprocessed sugar or foods with added sugar as a public health policy for preventing overweight, obesity or other adverse health outcomes. Countries that have implemented these taxes are Bermuda, Dominica, Hungary, India, Norway, the Navajo Nation (USA), and St. Vincent and Grenadines.
 Topical pimecrolimus for eczema;  Abstract - Background Pimecrolimus was developed as an alternative to topical corticosteroids for treating eczema (atopic dermatitis) but its efficacy and safety compared with existing treatments remains unclear. Objectives To assess the effects of topical pimecrolimus for treating eczema. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register (to October 2006), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials ( The Cochrane Library Issue  3, 2006 ),  MEDLINE (from 2003 to October 2006), and EMBASE (from 2005 to October 2006). We also contacted researchers and manufacturers in the field. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials of 1.0% topical pimecrolimus used twice daily compared against other topical comparators for treating eczema. Data collection and analysis Two authors independently examined each retrieved study for eligibility and extracted data for efficacy, tolerability and safety. A random‐effects model was used to estimate the pooled risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). Main results We included 31 trials (8019 participants) in the analysis. In short‐term (≤ 6 weeks) trials, pimecrolimus cream was significantly more effective and well‐tolerated than vehicle (cream base, but not containing pimecrolimus). In long‐term trials (≥ 6 months), pimecrolimus was significantly better than vehicle in preventing flares (9 trials, 3091 participants, RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 1.64 at six months) and in improving quality of life.     Pimecrolimus was significantly less effective than two topical corticosteroids, i.e. 0.1% triamcinolone acetonide for investigators' global assessment (1 trial, 658 participants, RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.67 to 0.83) and 0.1% betamethasone valerate for participants' global assessment (1 trial, 87 participants, RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.81) at three weeks. Pimecrolimus was also associated with significantly more overall withdrawals and skin burning. None of the trials reported on key adverse effects such as thinning of skin. Pimecrolimus was significantly less effective than 0.1% tacrolimus for investigators' global assessment at 6 weeks (RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.74) and led to more withdrawals due to lack of efficacy (RR 2.37, 95% CI 1.10 to 5.08) based on 2 trials involving 639 participants, but there was no significant difference in proportions of participants experiencing any adverse events. Authors' conclusions Topical pimecrolimus is less effective than moderate and potent corticosteroids and 0.1% tacrolimus. The therapeutic role of topical pimecrolimus is uncertain due to the absence of key comparisons with mild corticosteroids. Plain language summary Topical pimecrolimus for eczema This review of clinical trials aimed to find out whether topical pimecrolimus is better than topical corticosteroids or tacrolimus for treating eczema in infants, children and adults by assessing the improvement of eczema and adverse events associated with treatments. Eczema (atopic dermatitis) is a very common and long‐lasting skin disease caused by both genetic and environmental factors, and most often begins in infancy and childhood. Corticosteroid creams have been used to treat eczema but may cause unwanted side effects, including thinning of the skin. Pimecrolimus cream was developed as an alternative to topical corticosteroids, but it is much more expensive than corticosteroids. It is also not clear whether pimecrolimus is more effective or better tolerated than corticosteroids or a similar drug called tacrolimus. This review included data from 31 clinical trials involving 8019 participants. In the short‐term (less than six weeks) treatment of eczema, we found pimecrolimus was more effective and well‐tolerated when compared against vehicle (cream base not containing any pimecrolimus). Likewise, pimecrolimus was better than vehicle cream in preventing deterioration in eczema based on data from 9 trials involving 3091 participants. However, we found that 3 weeks treatment with pimecrolimus was less effective than a moderate (triamcinolone acetonide, data from 1 trial with 658 participants) and a potent topical corticosteroid (betamethasone valerate, data from 1 trial with 87 participants). Furthermore, 6‐weeks treatment with pimecrolimus was less effective and caused more participants to drop out of treatment due to lack of efficacy than tacrolimus based on 2 trials involving 639 participants. Pimecrolimus caused a similar rate of adverse events to vehicle cream but had a lower overall dropout rate. In contrast, pimecrolimus had higher dropout rates and caused more skin burning than topical corticosteroids. None of the trials reported on key adverse effects, such as thinning of skin. Pimecrolimus caused a similar rate of adverse events to tacrolimus. There were no cancer‐related events reported in any of the 31 clinical trials. This review did not find evidence to support the notion that pimecrolimus was better than moderate or potent corticosteroids or tacrolimus in treating eczema. However, there is a distinct lack of trials comparing pimecrolimus against mild‐potency corticosteroids.
 Light therapies for acne;  Abstract - Background Acne vulgaris is a very common skin problem that presents with blackheads, whiteheads, and inflamed spots. It frequently results in physical scarring and may cause psychological distress. The use of oral and topical treatments can be limited in some people due to ineffectiveness, inconvenience, poor tolerability or side‐effects. Some studies have suggested promising results for light therapies. Objectives To explore the effects of light treatment of different wavelengths for acne. Search methods We searched the following databases up to September 2015: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase and LILACS. We searched ISI Web of Science and Dissertation Abstracts International (from inception). We also searched five trials registers, and grey literature sources. We checked the reference lists of studies and reviews and consulted study authors and other experts in the field to identify further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We updated these searches in July 2016 but these results have not yet been incorporated into the review. Selection criteria We included RCTs of light for treatment of acne vulgaris, regardless of language or publication status. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results We included 71 studies, randomising a total of 4211 participants. Most studies were small (median 31 participants) and included participants with mild to moderate acne of both sexes and with a mean age of 20 to 30 years. Light interventions differed greatly in wavelength, dose, active substances used in photodynamic therapy (PDT), and comparator interventions (most commonly no treatment, placebo, another light intervention, or various topical treatments). Numbers of light sessions varied from one to 112 (most commonly two to four). Frequency of application varied from twice daily to once monthly. Selection and performance bias were unclear in the majority of studies. Detection bias was unclear for participant‐assessed outcomes and low for investigator‐assessed outcomes in the majority of studies. Attrition and reporting bias were low in over half of the studies and unclear or high in the rest. Two thirds of studies were industry‐sponsored; study authors either reported conflict of interest, or such information was not declared, so we judged the risk of bias as unclear. Comparisons of most interventions for our first primary outcome 'Participant's global assessment of improvement' were not possible due to the variation in the interventions and the way the studies' outcomes were measured. We did not combine the effect estimates but rated the quality of the evidence as very low for the comparison of light therapies, including PDT to placebo, no treatment, topical treatment or other comparators for this outcome. One study which included 266 participants with moderate to severe acne showed little or no difference in effectiveness for this outcome between 20% aminolevulinic acid (ALA)‐PDT (activated by blue light) versus vehicle plus blue light (risk ratio (RR) 0.87, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 1.04, low‐quality evidence). A study (n = 180) of a comparison of ALA‐PDT (activated by red light) concentrations showed 20% ALA was no more effective than 15% (RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.15) but better than 10% ALA (RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.42) and 5% ALA (RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.81). The number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) was 6 (95% CI 3 to 19) and 4 (95% CI 2 to 6) for the comparison of 20% ALA with 10% and 5% ALA, respectively. For our second primary outcome 'Investigator‐assessed changes in lesion counts', we combined three RCTs, with 360 participants with moderate to severe acne and found methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) PDT (activated by red light) was no different to placebo cream plus red light with regard to change in inflamed lesions (ILs) (mean difference (MD) ‐2.85, 95% CI ‐7.51 to 1.81), percentage change in ILs (MD ‐10.09, 95% CI ‐20.25 to 0.06), change in non‐inflamed lesions (NILs) (MD ‐2.01, 95% CI ‐7.07 to 3.05), or in percentage change in NILs (MD ‐8.09, 95% CI ‐21.51 to 5.32). We assessed the evidence as moderate quality for these outcomes meaning that there is little or no clinical difference between these two interventions for lesion counts. Studies comparing the effects of other interventions were inconsistent or had small samples and high risk of bias. We performed only narrative synthesis for the results of the remaining trials, due to great variation in many aspects of the studies, poor reporting, and failure to obtain necessary data. Several studies compared yellow light to placebo or no treatment, infrared light to no treatment, gold microparticle suspension to vehicle, and clindamycin/benzoyl peroxide combined with pulsed dye laser to clindamycin/benzoyl peroxide alone. There were also several other studies comparing MAL‐PDT to light‐only treatment, to adapalene and in combination with long‐pulsed dye laser to long‐pulsed dye laser alone. None of these showed any clinically significant effects. Our third primary outcome was 'Investigator‐assessed severe adverse effects'. Most studies reported adverse effects, but not adequately with scarring reported as absent, and blistering reported only in studies on intense pulsed light, infrared light and photodynamic therapies. We rated the quality of the evidence as very low, meaning we were uncertain of the adverse effects of the light therapies. Although our primary endpoint was long‐term outcomes, less than half of the studies performed assessments later than eight weeks after final treatment. Only a few studies assessed outcomes at more than three months after final treatment, and longer‐term assessments are mostly not covered in this review. Authors' conclusions High‐quality evidence on the use of light therapies for people with acne is lacking. There is low certainty of the usefulness of MAL‐PDT (red light) or ALA‐PDT (blue light) as standard therapies for people with moderate to severe acne. Carefully planned studies, using standardised outcome measures, comparing the effectiveness of common acne treatments with light therapies would be welcomed, together with adherence to the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) guidelines. Plain language summary The use of light as a therapy for acne What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out whether treatment using lasers and other light sources improves the whiteheads and blackheads, and inflamed spots that people with acne have. We also wanted to know how people with acne assessed their own improvement, and whether they found that these therapies caused unpleasant effects like blistering or scarring. Cochrane researchers collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer these questions and found 71 studies, with a total of 4211 participants. What was studied in this review? Acne is a common skin problem. It causes blackheads, whiteheads and inflamed spots, and may lead to scarring. Current treatment options are limited in their effectiveness and convenience, and may cause side‐effects. We investigated lasers and other light sources, which are used as an alternative therapy, either on their own or in combination with a chemical that makes the skin more sensitive to the light source (photodynamic therapy (PDT)). We compared different light therapies with other treatment options, no treatment, or placebo. Most studies included people with mild to moderate acne in their twenties. Light treatments in these studies varied greatly in many important aspects, such as wavelength of light used, duration of treatment, chemicals used in photodynamic therapy, and others. Over half of the studies were industry sponsored; study authors reported either conflict of interest, or such information was not declared. Key messages We are unable to draw firm conclusions from the results of our review, as it was not clear whether the light therapies (including PDT) assessed in these studies were more effective than the other comparators tested such as placebo, no treatment, or treatments rubbed on the skin, nor how long the possible benefits lasted. What are the main results of this review? We investigated how people with acne assessed their own improvement, but it was not clear whether the light therapies in the studies had a beneficial effect. Evidence on how investigators assessed changes in numbers of blackheads, whiteheads and inflamed spots in people with acne was also limited for most types of light therapies, due to variation in the way the studies were conducted and measured. Most studies reported side‐effects, but not adequately. Scarring was reported as absent, and blistering was reported in studies on intense pulsed light, infrared light and on PDT. Three studies, with a total of 360 participants with moderate to severe acne, showed that photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate (MAL), activated by red light, had a similar effect on changes in numbers of blackheads, whiteheads and inflamed spots when compared with placebo cream with red light. We judged the quality of this evidence moderate. Future well planned studies comparing the effectiveness of common acne treatments with light therapies are needed to assess the true clinical effects and side‐effects of light therapies for acne. How up to date is this review? This review included studies up to September 2015.
 Phototherapy for atopic eczema;  Abstract - Background Atopic eczema (AE), also known as atopic dermatitis, is a chronic inflammatory skin condition that causes significant burden. Phototherapy is sometimes used to treat AE when topical treatments, such as corticosteroids, are insufficient or poorly tolerated. Objectives To assess the effects of phototherapy for   treating AE. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov to January 2021. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials in adults or children with any subtype or severity of clinically diagnosed AE. Eligible comparisons were any type of phototherapy versus other forms of phototherapy or any other treatment, including placebo or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology. For key findings, we used RoB 2.0 to assess bias, and GRADE to assess certainty of the evidence. Primary outcomes were physician‐assessed signs and patient‐reported symptoms. Secondary outcomes were Investigator Global Assessment (IGA), health‐related quality of life (HRQoL), safety (measured as withdrawals due to adverse events), and long‐term control. Main results We included 32 trials with 1219 randomised participants, aged 5 to 83 years (mean: 28 years), with an equal number of males and females. Participants were recruited mainly from secondary care dermatology clinics, and study duration was, on average, 13 weeks (range: 10 days to one year). We assessed risk of bias for all key outcomes as having some concerns or high risk, due to missing data, inappropriate analysis, or insufficient information to assess selective reporting. Assessed interventions included: narrowband ultraviolet B (NB‐UVB; 13 trials), ultraviolet A1 (UVA1; 6 trials), broadband ultraviolet B (BB‐UVB; 5 trials), ultraviolet AB (UVAB; 2 trials), psoralen plus ultraviolet A (PUVA; 2 trials), ultraviolet A (UVA; 1 trial), unspecified ultraviolet B (UVB; 1 trial), full spectrum light (1 trial), Saalmann selective ultraviolet phototherapy (SUP) cabin (1 trial), saltwater bath plus UVB (balneophototherapy; 1 trial), and excimer laser (1 trial). Comparators included placebo, no treatment, another phototherapy, topical treatment, or alternative doses of the same treatment. Results for key comparisons are summarised (for scales, lower scores are better): NB‐UVB versus placebo/no treatment There may be a larger reduction in physician‐assessed signs with NB‐UVB compared to placebo after 12 weeks of treatment (mean difference (MD) ‐9.4, 95% confidence interval (CI) ‐3.62 to ‐15.18; 1 trial, 41 participants; scale: 0 to 90). Two trials reported little difference between NB‐UVB and no treatment (37 participants, four to six weeks of treatment); another reported improved signs with NB‐UVB versus no treatment (11 participants, nine weeks of treatment). NB‐UVB may increase the number of people reporting reduced itch after 12 weeks of treatment compared to placebo (risk ratio (RR) 1.72, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.69; 1 trial, 40 participants). Another trial reported very little difference in itch severity with NB‐UVB (25 participants, four weeks of treatment). The number of participants with moderate to greater global improvement may be higher with NB‐UVB than placebo after 12 weeks of treatment (RR 2.81, 95% CI 1.10 to 7.17; 1 trial, 41 participants). NB‐UVB may not affect rates of withdrawal due to adverse events. No withdrawals were reported in one trial of NB‐UVB versus placebo (18 participants, nine weeks of treatment). In two trials of NB‐UVB versus no treatment, each reported one withdrawal per group (71 participants, 8 to 12 weeks of treatment). We judged that all reported outcomes were supported with low‐certainty evidence, due to risk of bias and imprecision. No trials reported HRQoL. NB‐UVB versus UVA1 We judged the evidence for NB‐UVB compared to UVA1 to be very low certainty for all outcomes, due to risk of bias and imprecision. There was no evidence of a difference in physician‐assessed signs after six weeks (MD ‐2.00, 95% CI ‐8.41 to 4.41; 1 trial, 46 participants; scale: 0 to 108), or patient‐reported itch after six weeks (MD 0.3, 95% CI ‐1.07 to 1.67; 1 trial, 46 participants; scale: 0 to 10). Two split‐body trials (20 participants, 40 sides) also measured these outcomes, using different scales at seven to eight weeks; they reported lower scores with NB‐UVB. One trial reported HRQoL at six weeks (MD 2.9, 95% CI ‐9.57 to 15.37; 1 trial, 46 participants; scale: 30 to 150). One split‐body trial reported no withdrawals due to adverse events over 12 weeks (13 participants). No trials reported IGA. NB‐UVB versus PUVA We judged the evidence for NB‐UVB compared to PUVA (8‐methoxypsoralen in bath plus UVA) to be very low certainty for all reported outcomes, due to risk of bias and imprecision. There was no evidence of a difference in physician‐assessed signs after six weeks (64.1% reduction with NB‐UVB versus 65.7% reduction with PUVA; 1 trial, 10 participants, 20 sides). There was no evidence of a difference in marked improvement or complete remission after six weeks (odds ratio (OR) 1.00, 95% CI 0.13 to 7.89; 1 trial, 9/10 participants with both treatments). One split‐body trial reported no withdrawals due to adverse events in 10 participants over six weeks. The trials did not report patient‐reported symptoms or HRQoL. UVA1 versus PUVA There was very low‐certainty evidence, due to serious risk of bias and imprecision, that PUVA (oral 5‐methoxypsoralen plus UVA) reduced physician‐assessed signs more than UVA1 after three weeks (MD 11.3, 95% CI ‐0.21 to 22.81; 1 trial, 40 participants; scale: 0 to 103). The trial did not report patient‐reported symptoms, IGA, HRQoL, or withdrawals due to adverse events. There were no eligible trials for the key comparisons of UVA1 or PUVA compared with no treatment. Adverse events Reported adverse events included low rates of phototoxic reaction, severe irritation, UV burn, bacterial superinfection, disease exacerbation, and eczema herpeticum. Authors' conclusions Compared to placebo or no treatment, NB‐UVB may improve physician‐rated signs, patient‐reported symptoms, and IGA after 12 weeks, without a difference in withdrawal due to adverse events. Evidence for UVA1 compared to NB‐UVB or PUVA, and NB‐UVB compared to PUVA was very low certainty. More information is needed on the safety and effectiveness of all aspects of phototherapy for treating AE. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of light therapy for treating atopic eczema (also known as eczema or atopic dermatitis)? Key messages Narrowband (NB) ultraviolet B (UVB), compared to placebo (a sham treatment), may improve eczema severity (including itch) and may not affect the number of people leaving a study because of unwanted effects. We were unable to confidently draw conclusions for other phototherapy (light therapy) treatments. Future research needs to assess longer term effectiveness and safety of NB‐UVB and other forms of phototherapy for eczema. What is eczema? Eczema is a condition that results in dry, itchy patches of inflamed skin. Eczema typically starts in childhood, but can improve with age. Eczema is caused by a combination of genetics and environmental factors, which lead to skin barrier dysfunction. Eczema can negatively impact quality of life, and the societal cost is significant. How is eczema treated? Eczema treatments are often creams or ointments that reduce itch and redness, applied directly to the skin. If these are unsuccessful, systemic medicines that affect the whole body, or phototherapy are options. Phototherapy can be UVB, ultraviolet A (UVA), or photochemotherapy (PUVA), where phototherapy is given alongside substances that increase sensitivity to UV light. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out whether phototherapy was better than no treatment or other types of treatment for treating eczema, and whether it caused unwanted effects. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated phototherapy compared with no treatment, placebo, other forms of phototherapy, or another type of eczema treatment. Studies could include people of all ages, who had eczema diagnosed by a healthcare professional. We compared and summarised the results of the studies, and rated our confidence in the evidence. What did we find? We found 32 studies, involving 1219 people with eczema (average age: 28 years), who were recruited from dermatology clinics. Most studies assessed people with skin type II to III (which is classed as white to medium skin colour), and moderate to severe eczema, with which they had lived for many years. Studies included similar numbers of males and females. The studies were conducted in Europe, Asia, and Egypt (setting was not reported by seven studies), and lasted, on average, for 13 weeks. Almost half of the studies reported their source of funding; two were linked to commercial sponsors. Our included studies mostly assessed NB‐UVB, followed by UVA1, then broadband ultraviolet B; fewer studies investigated other types of phototherapy. The studies compared these treatments to placebo, or no treatment, another type of phototherapy, different doses of the same sort of phototherapy, or other eczema treatments applied to the skin or taken by tablet. None of the studies investigated excimer lamp (a source of UV radiation) or heliotherapy (the use of natural sunlight), that were other light therapies in which we were interested. What are the main results of our review? When compared to placebo, NB‐UVB may: ‐ improve signs of eczema assessed by a healthcare professional (1 study, 41 people); ‐ increase the number of people reporting less severe itching (1 study, 41 people); ‐ increase the   number of people reporting moderate or greater improvement of eczema, measured by the Investigator Global Assessment scale (IGA), a 5‐point scale that measures improvement in eczema symptoms (1 study, 40 people); and ‐ have no effect on the rate of people withdrawing from treatment due to unwanted effects (3 studies, 89 people). None of the studies assessing NB‐UVB against placebo measured health‐related quality of life. We do not know if NB‐UVB (compared with UVA1 or PUVA) or UVA1 (compared with PUVA) has an effect on the following: ‐ signs of eczema assessed by a healthcare professional; ‐ patient‐reported eczema symptoms; ‐ IGA; ‐ health‐related quality of life; and ‐ withdrawals due to unwanted effects. This is because either we are not confident in the evidence, or they were not reported. We did not identify any studies that investigated UVA1 or PUVA compared with no treatment. Some studies reported that phototherapy caused some unwanted effects, including skin reactions or irritation, UV burn, worsening of eczema, and skin infections. However, these did not occur in most people. What are the limitations of the evidence? Our confidence in the evidence is limited, mainly because only a few studies could be included in each comparison, and the studies   generally involved only small numbers of people. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to January 2021.
 Educational and psychological interventions for managing atopic dermatitis (eczema);  Abstract - Background Atopic dermatitis (eczema), can have a significant impact on well‐being and quality of life for affected people and their families. Standard treatment is avoidance of triggers or irritants and regular application of emollients and topical steroids or calcineurin inhibitors. Thorough physical and psychological assessment is central to good‐quality treatment. Overcoming barriers to provision of holistic treatment in dermatological practice is dependent on evaluation of the efficacy and economics of both psychological and educational interventions in this participant group. This review is based on a previous Cochrane review published in 2014, and now includes adults as well as children. Objectives To assess the clinical outcomes of educational and psychological interventions in children and adults with atopic dermatitis (eczema) and to summarise the availability and principal findings of relevant economic evaluations. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, APA PsycINFO and two trials registers up to March 2023. We checked the reference lists of included studies and related systematic reviews for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and contacted experts in the field to identify additional studies. We searched NHS Economic Evaluation Database, MEDLINE and Embase for economic evaluations on 8 June 2022. Selection criteria Randomised, cluster‐randomised and cross‐over RCTs that assess educational and psychological interventions for treating eczema in children and adults. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods, with GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Primary outcomes were reduction in disease severity, as measured by clinical signs, patient‐reported symptoms and improvement in health‐related quality‐of‐life (HRQoL) measures. Secondary outcomes were improvement in long‐term control of symptoms, improvement in psychological well‐being, improvement in standard treatment concordance and adverse events. We assessed short‐ (up to 16 weeks after treatment) and long‐term time points (more than 16 weeks). Main results We included 37 trials (6170 participants). Most trials were conducted in high‐income countries (34/37), in outpatient settings (25/37). We judged three trials to be low risk of bias across all domains. Fifteen trials had a high risk of bias in at least one domain, mostly due to bias in measurement of the outcome. Trials assessed interventions compared to standard care. Individual educational interventions may reduce short‐term clinical signs (measured by SCORing Atopic Dermatitis (SCORAD); mean difference (MD) −5.70, 95% confidence interval (CI) −9.39 to −2.01; 1 trial, 30 participants; low‐certainty evidence) but patient‐reported symptoms, HRQoL, long‐term eczema control and psychological well‐being were not reported. Group education interventions probably reduce clinical signs (SCORAD) both in the short term (MD −9.66, 95% CI −19.04 to −0.29; 3 studies, 731 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and the long term (MD −7.22, 95% CI −11.01 to −3.43; 3 studies, 1424 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence) and probably reduce long‐term patient‐reported symptoms (SMD −0.47 95% CI −0.60 to −0.33; 2 studies, 908 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). They may slightly improve short‐term HRQoL (SMD −0.19, 95% CI −0.36 to −0.01; 4 studies, 746 participants; low‐certainty evidence), but may make little or no difference to short‐term psychological well‐being (Perceived Stress Scale (PSS); MD −2.47, 95% CI −5.16 to 0.22; 1 study, 80 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Long‐term eczema control was not reported. We don't know whether technology‐mediated educational interventions could improve short‐term clinical signs (SCORAD; 1 study; 29 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). They may have little or no effect on short‐term patient‐reported symptoms (Patient Oriented Eczema Measure (POEM); MD −0.76, 95% CI −1.84 to 0.33; 2 studies; 195 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and probably have little or no effect on short‐term HRQoL (MD 0, 95% CI −0.03 to 0.03; 2 studies, 430 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Technology‐mediated education interventions probably slightly improve long‐term eczema control (Recap of atopic eczema (RECAP); MD −1.5, 95% CI −3.13 to 0.13; 1 study, 232 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence), and may improve short‐term psychological well‐being (MD −1.78, 95% CI −2.13 to −1.43; 1 study, 24 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Habit reversal treatment may reduce short‐term clinical signs (SCORAD; MD −6.57, 95% CI −13.04 to −0.1; 1 study, 33 participants; low‐certainty evidence) but we are uncertain about any effects on short‐term HRQoL (Children's Dermatology Life Quality Index (CDLQI); 1 study, 30 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Patient‐reported symptoms, long‐term eczema control and psychological well‐being were not reported. We are uncertain whether arousal reduction therapy interventions could improve short‐term clinical signs (Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI); 1 study, 24 participants; very low‐certainty evidence) or patient‐reported symptoms (visual analogue scale (VAS); 1 study, 18 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Arousal reduction therapy may improve short‐term HRQoL (Dermatitis Family Impact (DFI); MD −2.1, 95% CI −4.41 to 0.21; 1 study, 91 participants; low‐certainty evidence) and psychological well‐being (PSS; MD −1.2, 95% CI −3.38 to 0.98; 1 study, 91 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Long‐term eczema control was not reported. No studies reported standard care compared with self‐help psychological interventions, psychological therapies or printed education; or adverse events. We identified two health economic studies. One found that a 12‐week, technology‐mediated, educational‐support programme may be cost neutral. The other found that a nurse practitioner group‐education intervention may have lower costs than standard care provided by a dermatologist, with comparable effectiveness. Authors' conclusions In‐person, individual education, as an adjunct to conventional topical therapy, may reduce short‐term eczema signs compared to standard care, but there is no information on eczema symptoms, quality of life or long‐term outcomes. Group education probably reduces eczema signs and symptoms in the long term and may also improve quality of life in the short term. Favourable effects were also reported for technology‐mediated education, habit reversal treatment and arousal reduction therapy. All favourable effects are of uncertain clinical significance, since they may not exceed the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) for the outcome measures used (MCID 8.7 points for SCORAD, 3.4 points for POEM). We found no trials of self‐help psychological interventions, psychological therapies or printed education. Future trials should include more diverse populations, address shared priorities, evaluate long‐term outcomes and ensure patients are involved in trial design. Plain language summary Are education and psychological therapies effective for managing eczema? Key messages • Face‐to‐face education for individuals and groups may reduce eczema severity. Using technology to deliver education, such as the internet, may have little or no effect on disease severity. • Using nurse practitioners instead of dermatologists to deliver group education may have lower costs and be similarly effective. • People's circumstances vary and this will affect delivery of, and and how they receive information. Educational and psychological interventions for people with eczema should be developed based on patient and carer preferences, so that they will be used. Study participants should be followed over the (very) long term, remembering that 'long term' could be a lifetime for someone with eczema, not just the length of a research study. What is eczema? Eczema (also known as atopic dermatitis) is an uncomfortable, itchy, visible skin condition. Many different things can make eczema worse, such as foods, pollen, dust mites, stress, seasonal changes and pollution. Scratching the itch can make the skin itchier, reduce the chances of treatment being successful, and damage the skin. How is eczema treated? It is a complicated business living with eczema. It is usually treated by avoiding 'triggers' and irritants, and applying moisturising (emollients) or medicated (topical corticosteroids or clacineurin inhibitors) creams and lotions. Education and psychological techniques can give people information to manage the impact of eczema. Education can be provided in different ways, such as one‐on‐one or group sessions, led by either doctors or patients themselves. These sessions can be in‐person or online. They can vary in length and often include follow‐ups. Follow‐ups are important because benefitting from educational and psychological material usually takes some time and requires some support. Methods to help change behaviour are also often used during educational sessions. Stress and coping behaviours can make eczema worse. Therapy that focuses on changing habits or distracting from scratching can help, and we have grouped these as 'psychological interventions'. Counselling may be a cost‐effective option. Techniques like mindfulness and relaxation can also help reduce itching. Some methods, like guided imagery and virtual reality, can divert attention away from itching. Virtual reality, although not widely studied for eczema, has been used for anxiety and pain, which are related to itching. However, not all places offer these therapies consistently. What did we want to find out? We investigated the usefulness of educational and psychological techniques to help anybody with eczema. That might be to reduce eczema symptoms or the costs of treating eczema. What did we do? We searched for studies that investigated educational or psychological approaches to improve eczema. Improvement could be measured by reduction in symptoms, as reported by people with eczema or their carers, or improvement in quality of life, for example. We also looked for other improvements: long‐term control of eczema symptoms, psychological well‐being, and using medication appropriately. We wondered if there were unwanted effects from the information given. What did we find? We found 37 studies that included 6170 adults and children. Most studies took place in hospitals in high‐income countries. The majority of participants were children and adolescents. People in the studies had a mix of eczema severity. We found little information about cost‐effectiveness and no useful information about self‐help, psychological therapy, or printed educational materials. The results below are for educational or psychological methods compared with standard eczema care. • Individual education may reduce short‐term disease severity (1 study, 30 participants). • Group education probably reduces eczema severity (9 studies, 2426 participants). • We are unable to comment on whether education delivered using technology (for example online education) reduces disease severity as measured by clinical signs. It may have little or no effect on eczema severity as reported by patients but probably slightly improves long‐term control of eczema symptoms (5 studies, 654 participants). • Treatment to change habits may reduce disease severity but probably has little or no effect on improvement of quality of life (1 study, 33 participants). • Therapies to reduce stress or anxiety such as mindfulness, meditation and relaxation techniques (arousal reduction therapies) may make little or no difference in improvement in quality of life (3 studies, 33 participants). No studies provided useful information about improvement in long‐term control of eczema symptoms, improvement in following standard treatment, or unwanted effects. What are the limitations of the evidence? Where we found evidence, our confidence in it is only moderate because of concerns that the included studies used different ways of delivering educational or psychological treatments. The studies were very small and most did not the best design to give conclusive results. Most studies were in high‐income countries, so our review does not report on whether some of these educational and psychological methods might work better in some cultures or for people in low‐ or middle‐income countries. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is current up to March 2023.
 Oral antibiotics for chronic blepharitis;  Abstract - Background Posterior blepharitis is common and causes ocular surface and lid damage as well as discomfort. It affects 37% to 47% of all ophthalmology patients; its incidence increasing with age. It is a multifactorial disease associated with multiple other pathologies, such as rosacea, meibomianitis, and infections. Treatment usually focuses on reliefing the symptoms by using artificial tears, lid scrubs, and warm compresses. The condition may be notoriously difficult to manage adequately once it becomes chronic. One such management approach for chronic blepharitis is the use of oral antibiotics for both their antibacterial as well as anti‐inflammatory properties. There are currently no guidelines regarding the use of oral antibiotics, including antibiotic type, dosage, and treatment duration, for the treatment of chronic blepharitis. Objectives To assess the benefits and harms of oral antibiotic use for people with chronic blepharitis. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (which contains the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Trials Register) (2020, Issue 8); Ovid MEDLINE; Embase.com; PubMed; Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences Literature Database (LILACS); ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP). We did not use any date or language restrictions in the electronic search for trials. We last searched the electronic databases on 29 August 2020. Selection criteria We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing oral antibiotics with placebo in adult participants with chronic blepharitis (including staphylococcal, seborrhoeic, or Meibomian Gland Dysfunction (MGD)). Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodology and graded the certainty of the body of evidence for six outcomes using the GRADE classification. Main results We included two studies with 220 participants (numbers of eyes unclear). One parallel‐group RCT comparing oral doxycycline (40 mg once a day) with placebo enrolled 70 participants with blepharitis and facial rosacea in the USA. Follow‐up duration was three months. One three‐arm RCT conducted in South Korea investigated the effect of high‐dose (200 mg twice a day) and low‐dose (20 mg twice a day) doxycycline versus placebo after one month of study medication. It enrolled 50 participants with chronic MGD in each study arm (i.e. 150 participants enrolled in total). The two studies did not evaluate the same outcome measurements, which precluded any meta‐analysis. The evidence for the effect of oral antibiotics on subjective improvement in symptoms was very uncertain. One study suggested that there was little to no effect of oral doxycycline on subjective symptoms based on the Ocular Surface Disease Index (OSDI) scores ranging from 0 to 100 (higher score indicates worse condition) (mean difference (MD) 3.55, 95% confidence interval (CI) −4.61 to 11.71; n = 70) and bulbar conjunctival hyperemia ranging from 0 (clear) to 4 (severe) (MD −0.01, 95% CI −0.38 to 0.36; n = 70) at 12 weeks. The three‐arm RCT showed that oral doxycycline may slightly improve number of symptoms (MD −0.56, 95% CI −0.95 to −0.17; n = 93 (high‐dose doxycycline versus placebo); MD −0.48, 95% CI −0.86 to −0.10; n = 93 (low‐dose doxycycline versus placebo)) and proportion of participants with symptom improvement (risk ratio (RR) 6.13, 95% CI 2.61 to 14.42; n = 93 (high‐dose doxycycline versus placebo); RR 6.54, 95% CI 2.79 to 15.30; n = 93 (low‐dose doxycycline versus placebo)) at one month, but the evidence is very uncertain. We judged the certainty of evidence for subjective symptoms as very low. One study evaluated aqueous tear production by Schirmer's test (mm/5 min) (higher score indicates better condition) and tear film stability by measuring tear film break‐up time (TBUT) in seconds (higher score indicates better condition) at one month. We found very low certainty evidence that oral doxycycline may improve these clinical signs. The estimated MD in Schirmer's test score after one month of treatment was 4.09 mm (95% CI 2.38 to 5.80; n = 93) in the high‐dose doxycycline group versus the placebo group and 3.76 mm (95% CI 1.85 to 5.67; n = 93) in the low‐dose doxycycline group versus the placebo group. The estimated MD in TBUT after one month was 1.58 seconds (95% CI 0.57 to 2.59; n = 93) when comparing the high‐dose doxycycline group with the placebo group, and 1.70 seconds (95% CI 0.96 to 2.44; n = 93) when comparing the low‐dose doxycycline group with the placebo group. Although there was a noted improvement in these scores, their clinical importance remains uncertain. One study suggested that oral doxycycline may increase the incidence of serious side effects: 18 (39%) participants in the high‐dose doxycycline group, 8 (17%) in the low‐dose doxycycline group, and 3 (6%) out of 47 participants in the placebo group experienced serious side effects (RR 6.13, 95% CI 1.94 to 19.41; n = 93 (high‐dose doxycycline versus placebo); RR 2.72, 95% CI 0.77 to 9.64; n = 93 (low‐dose doxycycline versus placebo)). Additionally, one study reported that one case of migraine headache and five cases of headache were observed in the oral doxycycline group, and one case of non‐Hodgkin's lymphoma was observed in the placebo group. We judged the certainty of evidence for adverse events as very low. Authors' conclusions There was insufficient evidence to draw any meaningful conclusions on the use of oral antibiotics for chronic blepharitis. Very low certainty evidence suggests that oral antibiotics may improve clinical signs, but may cause more adverse events. The evidence for the effect of oral antibiotics on subjective symptoms is very uncertain. Further trials are needed to provide high quality evidence on the use of oral antibiotics in the treatment of chronic blepharitis. Plain language summary Treating long‐lasting blepharitis (swollen and itchy eyelids): how well do antibiotics (medicines that kill bacteria) work when taken by mouth (orally)? Key messages  · We did not find enough evidence to show how well antibiotics taken by mouth can treat long‐lasting blepharitis. · One antibiotic tested may improve some clinical aspects (symptoms and course of the disease), but we are uncertain about its benefit in this respect, and it may also cause a higher number of unwanted effects. · More studies are needed to find out how well antibiotics taken by mouth can treat long‐lasting blepharitis. What is blepharitis?  Blepharitis is a common condition affecting the eyes. It causes swelling and redness on the edges of the eyelids, making them feel sore, and an itching or a gritty feeling in the eyes. The most common causes of blepharitis are infection by a type of bacteria that lives on the surface of the eye, or skin conditions such as dermatitis. How is blepharitis treated?  Blepharitis is usually treated by regularly cleaning the eyelids, or using a cream or eye drops containing an antibiotic (a type of medicine that kills bacteria). If these do not work, then taking antibiotics by mouth (orally) is often tried. However, there are no guidelines about which type of antibiotic to give, what dose to use, or how long treatment should last. What did we want to find out?  We wanted to find out how well antibiotics given by mouth can treat long‐lasting blepharitis. What did we do?  We searched for studies that tested antibiotics given by mouth to treat long‐lasting blepharitis. What did we find?  We found 2 studies in 220 adults with long‐lasting blepharitis. One study took place in the USA and lasted for three months; it tested the antibiotic doxycycline compared to placebo treatment (a 'dummy' treatment that does not contain any medicine but looks identical to the medicine being tested). The other study took place in South Korea and tested the effects of high or low doses of doxycycline compared to placebo treatment. One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company; the other study did not report a source of funding. The studies measured results of treatment in different ways, so it was not possible to combine the studies' results to analyse them together. What are the main results of our review?  We are uncertain about the effects of doxycycline on symptoms such as itching, burning, and watery eyes, as evaluated by people taking part in the studies. One study measured changes in how much an affected eye watered (produced tears) before and after one month of treatment. High‐ and low‐dose doxycycline may improve the eye's ability to produce tears (evidence from 1 study with 93 people in each dose group). One study evaluated dryness of the eye by measuring the time it took for a dry spot to appear on the surface of the eye after blinking (the 'tear film break‐up time'). Taking doxycycline (high‐ and low‐dose) for one month may improve problems with dryness (evidence from 1 study with 93 people in each dose group). Taking doxycycline for one month may cause more unwanted effects than taking a placebo (evidence from 1 study in 139 people). The number of unwanted effects reported was higher in the high‐dose doxycycline group. No studies measured: · how many bacteria were present in the eye before or after treatment; · people's well‐being (quality of life); or · the costs and benefits of the treatments tested. What are the limitations of the evidence?  We have very low confidence in the evidence because of limitations in the ways the studies were conducted, and because the results of the studies varied widely and were inconsistent. One study was funded by a pharmaceutical company, which could have affected the way the study was designed, conducted, and reported. Further research is likely to change and increase our confidence in the results. How up‐to‐date is the evidence?  The evidence is current up to 29 August 2020.
 Topical analgesics for acute and chronic pain in adults ‐ an overview of Cochrane Reviews;  Abstract - Background Topical analgesic drugs are used for a variety of painful conditions. Some are acute, typically strains or sprains, tendinopathy, or muscle aches. Others are chronic, typically osteoarthritis of hand or knee, or neuropathic pain. Objectives To provide an overview of the analgesic efficacy and associated adverse events of topical analgesics (primarily nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), salicylate rubefacients, capsaicin, and lidocaine) applied to intact skin for the treatment of acute and chronic pain in adults. Methods We identified systematic reviews in acute and chronic pain published to February 2017 in the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews  (the Cochrane Library). The primary outcome was at least 50% pain relief (participant‐reported) at an appropriate duration. We extracted the number needed to treat for one additional beneficial outcome (NNT) for efficacy outcomes for each topical analgesic or formulation, and the number needed to treat for one additional harmful outcome (NNH) for adverse events. We also extracted information on withdrawals due to lack of efficacy or adverse events, systemic and local adverse events, and serious adverse events. We required information from at least 200 participants, in at least two studies. We judged that there was potential for publication bias if the addition of four studies of typical size (400 participants) with zero effect increased NNT compared with placebo to 10 (minimal clinical utility). We extracted GRADE assessment in the original papers, and made our own GRADE assessment. Main results Thirteen Cochrane Reviews (206 studies with around 30,700 participants) assessed the efficacy and harms from a range of topical analgesics applied to intact skin in a number of acute and chronic painful conditions. Reviews were overseen by several Review Groups, and concentrated on evidence comparing topical analgesic with topical placebo; comparisons of topical and oral analgesics were rare. For at least 50% pain relief, we considered evidence was moderate or high quality for several therapies, based on the underlying quality of studies and susceptibility to publication bias. In acute musculoskeletal pain (strains and sprains) with assessment at about seven days, therapies were diclofenac Emulgel (78% Emulgel, 20% placebo; 2 studies, 314 participants, NNT 1.8 (95% confidence interval 1.5 to 2.1)), ketoprofen gel (72% ketoprofen, 33% placebo, 5 studies, 348 participants, NNT 2.5 (2.0 to 3.4)), piroxicam gel (70% piroxicam, 47% placebo, 3 studies, 522 participants, NNT 4.4 (3.2 to 6.9)), diclofenac Flector plaster (63% Flector, 41% placebo, 4 studies, 1030 participants, NNT 4.7 (3.7 to 6.5)), and diclofenac other plaster (88% diclofenac plaster, 57% placebo, 3 studies, 474 participants, NNT 3.2 (2.6 to 4.2)). In chronic musculoskeletal pain (mainly hand and knee osteoarthritis) therapies were topical diclofenac preparations for less than six weeks (43% diclofenac, 23% placebo, 5 studies, 732 participants, NNT 5.0 (3.7 to 7.4)), ketoprofen over 6 to 12 weeks (63% ketoprofen, 48% placebo, 4 studies, 2573 participants, NNT 6.9 (5.4 to 9.3)), and topical diclofenac preparations over 6 to 12 weeks (60% diclofenac, 50% placebo, 4 studies, 2343 participants, NNT 9.8 (7.1 to 16)). In postherpetic neuralgia, topical high‐concentration capsaicin had moderate‐quality evidence of limited efficacy (33% capsaicin, 24% placebo, 2 studies, 571 participants, NNT 11 (6.1 to 62)). We judged evidence of efficacy for other therapies as low or very low quality. Limited evidence of efficacy, potentially subject to publication bias, existed for topical preparations of ibuprofen gels and creams, unspecified diclofenac formulations and diclofenac gel other than Emulgel, indomethacin, and ketoprofen plaster in acute pain conditions, and for salicylate rubefacients for chronic pain conditions. Evidence for other interventions (other topical NSAIDs, topical salicylate in acute pain conditions, low concentration capsaicin, lidocaine, clonidine for neuropathic pain, and herbal remedies for any condition) was very low quality and typically limited to single studies or comparisons with sparse data. We assessed the evidence on withdrawals as moderate or very low quality, because of small numbers of events. In chronic pain conditions lack of efficacy withdrawals were lower with topical diclofenac (6%) than placebo (9%) (11 studies, 3455 participants, number needed to treat to prevent (NNTp) 26, moderate‐quality evidence), and topical salicylate (2% vs 7% for placebo) (5 studies, 501 participants, NNTp 21, very low‐quality evidence). Adverse event withdrawals were higher with topical capsaicin low‐concentration (15%) than placebo (3%) (4 studies, 477 participants, NNH 8, very low‐quality evidence), topical salicylate (5% vs 1% for placebo) (7 studies, 735 participants, NNH 26, very low‐quality evidence), and topical diclofenac (5% vs 4% for placebo) (12 studies, 3552 participants, NNH 51, very low‐quality evidence). In acute pain, systemic or local adverse event rates with topical NSAIDs (4.3%) were no greater than with topical placebo (4.6%) (42 studies, 6740 participants, high quality evidence). In chronic pain local adverse events with topical capsaicin low concentration (63%) were higher than topical placebo (5 studies, 557 participants, number needed to treat for harm (NNH) 2.6), high quality evidence. Moderate‐quality evidence indicated more local adverse events than placebo in chronic pain conditions with topical diclofenac (NNH 16) and local pain with topical capsaicin high‐concentration (NNH 16). There was moderate‐quality evidence of no additional local adverse events with topical ketoprofen over topical placebo in chronic pain. Serious adverse events were rare (very low‐quality evidence). GRADE assessments of moderate or low quality in some of the reviews were considered by us to be very low because of small numbers of participants and events. Authors' conclusions There is good evidence that some formulations of topical diclofenac and ketoprofen are useful in acute pain conditions such as sprains or strains, with low (good) NNT values. There is a strong message that the exact formulation used is critically important in acute conditions, and that might also apply to other pain conditions. In chronic musculoskeletal conditions with assessments over 6 to 12 weeks, topical diclofenac and ketoprofen had limited efficacy in hand and knee osteoarthritis, as did topical high‐concentration capsaicin in postherpetic neuralgia. Though NNTs were higher, this still indicates that a small proportion of people had good pain relief. Use of GRADE in Cochrane Reviews with small numbers of participants and events requires attention. Plain language summary Do painkillers rubbed on the skin really work? Bottom line Diclofenac Emulgel, ketoprofen gel, piroxicam gel, and diclofenac plaster work reasonably well for strains and sprains. For hand and knee osteoarthritis, the nonsteroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen rubbed on the skin for at least 6 to 12 weeks help reduce pain by at least half in a modest number of people. For postherpetic neuralgia (pain following shingles), topical high‐concentration capsaicin (derived from chili peppers) can reduce pain by at least half in a small number of people. Background Painkillers rubbed onto the skin are called topical (local) painkillers (analgesics). There has been considerable debate over whether, how, and in what painful condition, they work. Study characteristics We looked for systematic reviews examining topical painkillers in the  Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews  (the Cochrane Library) published up to February 2017. Reviews assessed treatment of short‐term (acute, less than three months) or long‐term (chronic, more than three months) pain conditions. We examined how well the topical painkillers worked, any harm they caused, and whether people dropped out of the studies. We also looked at the quality of the evidence. Key results Most reviews assessed the effects of a topical painkiller with a topical placebo. A topical placebo is the same as the active material, except that it has no painkiller in it. Using a placebo cancels out the effects that rubbing might have for some of these topical analgesics. For strains and sprains, several topical NSAID painkillers rubbed on the skin help reduce pain by at least half over about a week in around 1 in 2 to 1 in 5 people. These are diclofenac Emulgel, ketoprofen gel, piroxicam gel, diclofenac Flector plaster, and diclofenac other plaster. How the drugs are made up is important in determining how well they work. For hand and knee osteoarthritis the NSAID painkillers topical diclofenac and topical ketoprofen rubbed on the skin help reduce pain by at least half over at least 6 to 12 weeks in around 1 in 5 to 1 in 10 people. For postherpetic neuralgia, a single application of topical high‐concentration capsaicin can reduce pain by at least half in around 1 in 12 people for 8 to 12 weeks. There is no good evidence to support any other topical painkiller in any other painful condition. Topical low‐concentration capsaicin caused local side events (such as itching or rash) in 4 in 10 people, and side effects caused withdrawal in 1 in 12 people. Side effects and withdrawal because of side effects were otherwise uncommon or not different from those with a topical placebo. Serious side effects were uncommon. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low. The main reason for evidence being very low quality was the small number of participants in some studies, which make it impossible (or unsafe) to estimate benefit or harm.
 Strategies for using topical corticosteroids in children and adults with eczema;  Abstract - Background Eczema is a common skin condition. Although topical corticosteroids have been a first‐line treatment for eczema for decades, there are uncertainties over their optimal use. Objectives To establish the effectiveness and safety of different ways of using topical corticosteroids for treating eczema. Search methods We searched databases to January 2021 (Cochrane Skin Specialised Register; CENTRAL; MEDLINE; Embase; GREAT) and five clinical trials registers. We checked bibliographies from included trials to identify further trials. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in adults and children with eczema that compared at least two strategies of topical corticosteroid use. We excluded placebo comparisons, other than for trials that evaluated proactive versus reactive treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods, with GRADE certainty of evidence for key findings. Primary outcomes were changes in clinician‐reported signs and relevant local adverse events. Secondary outcomes were patient‐reported symptoms and relevant systemic adverse events. For local adverse events, we prioritised abnormal skin thinning as a key area of concern for healthcare professionals and patients. Main results We included 104 trials (8443 participants). Most trials were conducted in high‐income countries (81/104), most likely in outpatient or other hospital settings. We judged only one trial to be low risk of bias across all domains. Fifty‐five trials had high risk of bias in at least one domain, mostly due to lack of blinding or missing outcome data. Stronger‐potency versus weaker‐potency topical corticosteroids Sixty‐three trials compared different potencies of topical corticosteroids: 12 moderate versus mild, 22 potent versus mild, 25 potent versus moderate, and 6 very potent versus potent. Trials were usually in children with moderate or severe eczema, where specified, lasting one to five weeks. The most reported outcome was Investigator Global Assessment (IGA) of clinician‐reported signs of eczema. We pooled four trials that compared moderate‐ versus mild‐potency topical corticosteroids (420 participants). Moderate‐potency topical corticosteroids probably result in more participants achieving treatment success, defined as cleared or marked improvement on IGA (52% versus 34%; odds ratio (OR) 2.07, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.41 to 3.04; moderate‐certainty evidence). We pooled nine trials that compared potent versus mild‐potency topical corticosteroids (392 participants). Potent topical corticosteroids probably result in a large increase in number achieving treatment success (70% versus 39%; OR 3.71, 95% CI 2.04 to 6.72; moderate‐certainty evidence). We pooled 15 trials that compared potent versus moderate‐potency topical corticosteroids (1053 participants). There was insufficient evidence of a benefit of potent topical corticosteroids compared to moderate topical corticosteroids (OR 1.33, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.89; moderate‐certainty evidence). We pooled three trials that compared very potent versus potent topical corticosteroids (216 participants). The evidence is uncertain with a wide confidence interval (OR 0.53, 95% CI 0.13 to 2.09; low‐certainty evidence). Twice daily or more versus once daily application We pooled 15 of 25 trials in this comparison (1821 participants, all reported IGA). The trials usually assessed adults and children with moderate or severe eczema, where specified, using potent topical corticosteroids, lasting two to six weeks. Applying potent topical corticosteroids only once a day probably does not decrease the number achieving treatment success compared to twice daily application (OR 0.97, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.38; 15 trials, 1821 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Local adverse events Within the trials that tested 'treating eczema flare‐up' strategies, we identified only 26 cases of abnormal skin thinning from 2266 participants (1% across 22 trials). Most cases were from the use of higher‐potency topical corticosteroids (16 with very potent, 6 with potent, 2 with moderate and 2 with mild). We assessed this evidence as low certainty, except for very potent versus potent topical corticosteroids, which was very low‐certainty evidence.  Longer versus shorter‐term duration of application for induction of remission No trials were identified. Twice weekly application (weekend, or ‘proactive therapy') to prevent relapse (flare‐ups) versus no topical corticosteroids/reactive application Nine trials assessed this comparison, generally lasting 16 to 20 weeks. We pooled seven trials that compared weekend (proactive) topical corticosteroids therapy versus no topical corticosteroids (1179 participants, children and adults with a range of eczema severities, though mainly moderate or severe). Weekend (proactive) therapy probably results in a large decrease in likelihood of a relapse from 58% to 25% (risk ratio (RR) 0.43, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.57; 7 trials, 1149 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). Local adverse events We did not identify any cases of abnormal skin thinning in seven trials that assessed skin thinning (1050 participants) at the end of treatment. We assessed this evidence as low certainty. Other comparisons  Other comparisons included newer versus older preparations of topical corticosteroids (15 trials), cream versus ointment (7 trials), topical corticosteroids with wet wrap versus no wet wrap (6 trials), number of days per week applied (4 trials), different concentrations of the same topical corticosteroids (2 trials), time of day applied (2 trials), topical corticosteroids alternating with topical calcineurin inhibitors versus topical corticosteroids alone (1 trial), application to wet versus dry skin (1 trial) and application before versus after emollient (1 trial). No trials compared branded versus generic topical corticosteroids and time between application of emollient and topical corticosteroids. Authors' conclusions Potent and moderate topical corticosteroids are probably more effective than mild topical corticosteroids, primarily in moderate or severe eczema; however, there is uncertain evidence to support any advantage of very potent over potent topical corticosteroids. Effectiveness is similar between once daily and twice daily (or more) frequent use of potent topical corticosteroids to treat eczema flare‐ups, and topical corticosteroids weekend (proactive) therapy is probably better than no topical corticosteroids/reactive use to prevent eczema relapse (flare‐ups). Adverse events were not well reported and came largely from low‐ or very low‐certainty, short‐term trials. In trials that reported abnormal skin thinning, frequency was low overall and increased with increasing potency. We found no trials on the optimum duration of treatment of a flare, branded versus generic topical corticosteroids, and time to leave between application of topical corticosteroids and emollient. There is a need for longer‐term trials, in people with mild eczema. Plain language summary What is the best way to use topical corticosteroids to treat people with eczema? Key messages ‐ Generally, stronger topical corticosteroids (steroid cream applied to the skin) are probably more effective than weaker preparations. Strong steroid cream applied once daily is probably as good as twice daily, and using steroid cream for two consecutive days weekly probably prevents eczema flare‐ups. ‐ About a third of studies looked for skin thinning, but cases were very low. This made it difficult to judge differences between strategies, although there were more cases with stronger steroid cream. ‐ We need better‐quality research on unwanted effects, over longer timeframes, but intermittent use of steroid cream probably causes fewer unwanted effects. What is eczema and how is it treated? Eczema is a common, long‐lasting condition that results in inflamed, dry, itchy patches of skin and its severity varies; it is incurable currently, so treatment aims to control symptoms (inflammation and itching). The first choice of treatment is emollients (moisturisers) combined with treatment to reduce inflammation, often steroid cream. What did we want to find out? Steroid creams can be used in different ways to treat eczema, and people often feel confused about which ones to use, and how often and how best to use them. We wanted to investigate the effectiveness of different ways (strategies) of using steroid cream and whether they cause unwanted effects. What did we do? We summarised evidence from studies that tested different ways of using steroid cream in adults and children. We assessed treatment strategies based on changes in eczema severity assessed by doctors/researchers or participants, and unwanted effects, such as skin thinning (the skin may bruise and tear more easily). We compared and summarised their results, and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as trial methods and sizes. What did we find? Most studies were conducted in high‐income countries, likely in hospitals, and were short term (range 1 to 6 weeks); studies that assessed prevention of eczema flares lasted longer, but under 6 months. Participant age varied; 43 studies included children only. Eczema was moderate or severe in 51 studies, mild to moderate in 16 studies, mild to severe in 3 studies, and 34 studies did not report severity. Approximately half of the studies were funded by companies that produced the steroid cream or had links to industry; 44 did not report their funding source. We included 104 studies with 8443 people. ‐ Stronger versus weaker steroid cream (63 studies).  We combined data from 31 studies and 2018 people. The chances of achieving cleared or marked improvement, assessed by a healthcare practitioner, were probably increased with use of stronger‐potency steroid cream. For 1000 people treated, it is likely that 340 to 390 would be clear or almost clear using mild‐potency steroid cream; 460 to 520 would be clear or almost clear using moderate‐potency steroid cream; and 530 to 710 would be clear or almost clear using potent steroid cream. ‐ Twice daily versus once daily steroid cream application (25 studies).  We combined data from 15 studies with 1821 people. Applying strong steroid cream once daily is probably as effective as twice daily application. Studies did not report unwanted effects well, and we are uncertain about some results. Twenty‐two studies (2266 people) reported skin thinning. They identified 26 possible cases, 16 with very strong steroid cream, 6 with strong, 2 with moderate, and 2 with mild steroid cream. ‐ Longer versus shorter steroid cream duration (0 studies) ‐ Twice‐weekly application (using steroid cream for two consecutive days per week) to prevent flare‐ups versus no application (9 studies).  We combined data from 7 studies (1149 people). Twice weekly steroid cream probably decreases the chance of eczema flare‐ups. For 1000 people using flare‐control creams twice weekly, we would expect approximately 248 to have one or more new flare‐up compared to 576 people not using this strategy. No cases of skin thinning were identified in 7 flare‐up prevention studies (1050 people). ‐ Other comparisons.  We also looked at newer versus older steroid cream preparations, cream versus ointment, steroid cream used with wet wrap, daily versus less frequent application, different strengths of the same steroid cream, time of day applied, steroid cream alternating with topical calcineurin inhibitors (e.g. Protopic and Elidel) versus steroid cream alone, application to wet versus dry skin, and before versus after emollients. No studies compared branded versus generic steroid cream or time between application of emollient and steroid cream. What are the limitations of the evidence? Overall, we are moderately confident about the results on the effectiveness of steroid creams to treat eczema, but we have little confidence in results on unwanted effects, because studies were small and did not always use the most reliable methods. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to January 2021.
 Oestrogen therapy for urinary incontinence in post‐menopausal women;  Abstract - Background It is possible that oestrogen deficiency may be an aetiological factor in the development of urinary incontinence in women. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2003 and subsequently updated in 2009. Objectives To assess the effects of local and systemic oestrogens used for the treatment of urinary incontinence. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Incontinence Group Specialised Register of trials (searched 21 June 2012) which includes searches of MEDLINE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and handsearching of journals and conference proceedings, and the reference lists of relevant articles. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials that included oestrogens in at least one arm in women with symptomatic or urodynamic diagnoses of stress, urgency or mixed urinary incontinence or other urinary symptoms post‐menopause. Data collection and analysis Trials were evaluated for risk of bias and appropriateness for inclusion by the review authors. Data were extracted by at least two authors and cross checked. Subgroup analyses were performed by grouping participants under local or systemic administration. Where appropriate, meta‐analysis was undertaken. Main results Thirty‐four trials were identified which included approximately 19,676 incontinent women of whom 9599 received oestrogen therapy (1464 involved in trials of local vaginal oestrogen administration). Sample sizes of the studies ranged from 16 to 16,117 women. The trials used varying combinations of type of oestrogen, dose, duration of treatment and length of follow up. Outcome data were not reported consistently and were available for only a minority of outcomes. The combined result of six trials of systemic administration (of oral systemic oestrogens) resulted in worse incontinence than on placebo (risk ratio (RR) 1.32, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.48). This result was heavily weighted by a subgroup of women from the Hendrix trial, which had large numbers of participants and a longer follow up of one year. All of the women had had a hysterectomy and the treatment used was conjugated equine oestrogen. The result for women with an intact uterus where oestrogen and progestogen were combined also showed a statistically significant worsening of incontinence (RR 1.11, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.18). There was some evidence that oestrogens used locally (for example vaginal creams or pessaries) may improve incontinence (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.64 to 0.86). Overall, there were around one to two fewer voids in 24 hours amongst women treated with local oestrogen, and there was less frequency and urgency. No serious adverse events were reported although some women experienced vaginal spotting, breast tenderness or nausea. Women who were continent and received systemic oestrogen replacement, with or without progestogens, for reasons other than urinary incontinence were more likely to report the development of new urinary incontinence in one large study. One small trial showed that women were more likely to have an improvement in incontinence after pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) than with local oestrogen therapy (RR 2.30, 95% CI 1.50 to 3.52). The data were too few to address questions about oestrogens compared with or in combination with other treatments, different types of oestrogen or different modes of delivery. Authors' conclusions Urinary incontinence may be improved with the use of local oestrogen treatment. However, there was little evidence from the trials on the period after oestrogen treatment had finished and no information about the long‐term effects of this therapy was given. Conversely, systemic hormone replacement therapy using conjugated equine oestrogen may worsen incontinence. There were too few data to reliably address other aspects of oestrogen therapy, such as oestrogen type and dose, and no direct evidence comparing routes of administration. The risk of endometrial and breast cancer after long‐term use of systemic oestrogen suggests that treatment should be for limited periods, especially in those women with an intact uterus. Plain language summary Oestrogens for urinary incontinence in women Urinary incontinence is the leakage of urine when coughing or exercising (stress urinary incontinence) or after a strong uncontrollable urge to urinate (urgency urinary incontinence). In women who have gone through the menopause, low oestrogen levels may contribute to urinary incontinence. The review found 34 trials including more than 19,000 women of whom over 9000 received oestrogen. The review found that significantly more women who received local (vaginal) oestrogen for incontinence reported that their symptoms improved compared to placebo. There was no evidence about whether the benefits of local oestrogen continue after stopping treatment but this seems unlikely as women would revert to having naturally low oestrogen levels. Trials investigating systemic (oral) administration, on the other hand, found that women reported worsening of their urinary symptoms. The evidence comes mainly from two very large trials including 17,642 incontinent women. These trials were investigating other effects of hormone replacement therapy as well as incontinence, such as prevention of heart attacks in women with coronary heart disease, bone fractures, breast and colorectal cancer. In addition, in one large trial women who did not have incontinence at first were more likely to develop incontinence. There may be risks from long‐term use of systemic oestrogen, such as heart disease, stroke and cancer of the breast and uterus.
 Topical NSAIDs for acute musculoskeletal pain in adults;  Abstract - Background Use of topical NSAIDs to treat acute musculoskeletal conditions has become widely accepted because they can provide pain relief without associated systemic adverse events. This review is an update of 'Topical NSAIDs for acute pain in adults' originally published in Issue 6, 2010. Objectives To determine the efficacy and safety of topically applied NSAIDs in acute musculoskeletal pain in adults. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Register of Studies Online, MEDLINE, and EMBASE to February 2015. We sought unpublished studies by asking personal contacts and searching online clinical trial registers and manufacturers websites. For the earlier review, we also searched our own in‐house database and contacted manufacturers. Selection criteria We included randomised, double‐blind, active or placebo (inert carrier)‐controlled trials in which treatments were administered to adults with acute pain resulting from strains, sprains or sports or overuse‐type injuries (twisted ankle, for instance). There had to be at least 10 participants in each treatment arm, with application of treatment at least once daily. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, and extracted data. We used numbers of participants achieving each outcome to calculate the risk ratio and numbers needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome (NNT) or additional harmful outcome (NNH) compared with placebo or other active treatment. We reported 95% confidence intervals (CI). We were particularly interested to compare different formulations (gel, cream, plaster) of individual NSAIDs. Main results For this update we added 14 new included studies (3489 participants), and excluded four studies. We also identified 20 additional reports of completed or ongoing studies that have not been published in full. The earlier review included 47 studies. This update included 61 studies. Most compared topical NSAIDs in the form of a gel, spray, or cream with a similar topical placebo; 5311 participants were treated with a topical NSAID, 3470 with placebo, and 220 with an oral NSAID. This was a 63% increase in the number of included participants over the previous version of this review. We also identified a number of studies in clinical trial registries with unavailable results amounting to about 5900 participants for efficacy and 5300 for adverse events. Formulations of topical diclofenac, ibuprofen, ketoprofen, piroxicam, and indomethacin demonstrated significantly higher rates of clinical success (more participants with at least 50% pain relief) than matching topical placebo (moderate or high quality data). Benzydamine did not. Three drug and formulation combinations had NNTs for clinical success below 4. For diclofenac, the Emulgel® formulation had the lowest NNT of 1.8 (95% CI 1.5 to 2.1) in two studies using at least 50% pain intensity reduction as the outcome. Diclofenac plasters other than Flector® also had a low NNT of 3.2 (2.6 to 4.2) based on good or excellent responses in some studies. Ketoprofen gel had an NNT of 2.5 (2.0 to 3.4), from five studies in the 1980s, some with less well defined outcomes. Ibuprofen gel had an NNT of 3.9 (2.7 to 6.7) from two studies with outcomes of marked improvement or complete remission. All other drug and formulation combinations had NNT values above 4, indicating lesser efficacy. There were insufficient data to compare reliably individual topical NSAIDs with each other or the same oral NSAID. Local skin reactions were generally mild and transient, and did not differ from placebo (high quality data). There were very few systemic adverse events (high quality data) or withdrawals due to adverse events (low quality data). Authors' conclusions Topical NSAIDs provided good levels of pain relief in acute conditions such as sprains, strains and overuse injuries, probably similar to that provided by oral NSAIDs. Gel formulations of diclofenac (as Emugel®), ibuprofen, and ketoprofen, and some diclofenac patches, provided the best effects. Adverse events were usually minimal. Since the last version of this review, the new included studies have provided additional information. In particular, information on topical diclofenac is greatly expanded. The present review supports the previous review in concluding that topical NSAIDs are effective in providing pain relief, and goes further to demonstrate that certain formulations, mainly gel formulations of diclofenac, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen, provide the best results. Large amounts of unpublished data have been identified, and this could influence results in updates of this review. Plain language summary Topical non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs for acute musculoskeletal pain in adults Acute musculoskeletal pain describes conditions like a sprained ankle or a muscle pull. These usually get better over two or three weeks without treatment, but can be very painful while they last. Topical non‐steroidal anti‐inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are applied to unbroken skin where it hurts as gels, creams, sprays, or plasters. Topical NSAIDs penetrate the skin, enter tissues or joints, and reduce processes causing pain in the tissue. Drug levels in the blood with topical NSAIDs are very much lower than with the same drug taken by mouth. This minimises the risk of harmful effects. We searched medical databases for clinical trials comparing topical NSAIDs with placebo (creams or gels that do not contain a medicine) or other medicines in adults aged 16 years or older with musculoskeletal pain (typically sports injuries). The evidence is current to February 2015. This review is an update of 'Topical NSAIDs for acute pain in adults' originally published in Issue 6, 2010. We identified 14 new studies to add to the 47 studies included in the earlier review. We also identified 14 studies in a clinical trial registry that are completed and three short reports from meetings, for which we could not find full details (about 4500 participants). Three more studies are ongoing (almost 900 participants). The 61 included studies, involving 8386 participants, were generally of high‐quality. They tested a number of different topical drugs, mostly against a topical placebo (carrier without the NSAID), with application at least once a day. We were interested in participants having good pain reduction (by about half) around seven days after treatment started. At later times, most people are expected to get better even without treatment. We looked at particular formulations of individual drugs. Gel formulations of diclofenac and ketoprofen were among the most effective, along with ibuprofen gel and diclofenac plaster. For diclofenac and ketoprofen gels, 7 or 8 people out of 10 with a painful strain, sprain, or muscle pull had much reduced pain after seven days, compared with only 2 or 3 out of 10 with placebo (high quality data). Other NSAIDs and formulations were better than placebo, but not by as much. Because both topical NSAIDs and topical placebo are rubbed into the skin in these studies, we know that any effect is not just from rubbing. About 1 in 20 people experienced a mild and short‐lived side effect like redness at the application site. This was the same for topical NSAID and topical placebo (high quality data). Side effects like a stomach upset or feeling sick were uncommon, with no difference between topical NSAID and topical placebo (high quality data). There were no serious side effects.
 Local oestrogen for vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women;  Abstract - Background Vaginal atrophy is a frequent complaint of postmenopausal women; symptoms include vaginal dryness, itching, discomfort and painful intercourse. Systemic treatment for these symptoms in the form of oral hormone replacement therapy is not always necessary. An alternative choice is oestrogenic preparations administered vaginally (in the form of creams, pessaries, tablets and the oestradiol‐releasing ring). This is an update of a Chochrane systematic review; the original version was first published in October 2006. Objectives The objective of this review was to compare the efficacy and safety of intra‐vaginal oestrogenic preparations in relieving the symptoms of vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women. Search methods We searched the following databases and trials registers to April 2016: Cochrane Gynaecology and Fertility Group Register of trials, The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2016 issue 4), MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, DARE, the Web of Knowledge, OpenGrey, LILACS, PubMed and reference lists of articles. We also contacted experts and researchers in the field. Selection criteria The inclusion criteria were randomised comparisons of oestrogenic preparations administered intravaginally in postmenopausal women for at least 12 weeks for the treatment of symptoms resulting from vaginal atrophy or vaginitis. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility and risk of bias and extracted the data. The primary review outcomes were improvement in symptoms (participant‐assessed), and the adverse event endometrial thickness. Secondary outcomes were improvement in symptoms (clinician‐assessed), other adverse events (breast disorders e.g. breast pain, enlargement or engorgement, total adverse events, excluding breast disorders) and adherence to treatment. We combined data to calculate pooled risk ratios (RRs) (dichotomous outcomes) and mean differences (MDs) (continuous outcomes) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Statistical heterogeneity was assessed using the I 2  statistic. We assessed the overall quality of the evidence for the main comparisons using GRADE methods. Main results We included 30 RCTs (6235 women) comparing different intra‐vaginal oestrogenic preparations with each other and with placebo. The evidence was low to moderate quality; limitations were poor reporting of study methods and serious imprecision (effect estimates with wide confidence intervals) 1 . Oestrogen ring versus other regimens Other regimens included oestrogen cream, oestrogen tablets and placebo. There was no evidence of a difference in improvement in symptoms (participant assessment) either between oestrogen ring and oestrogen cream (odds ratio (OR) 1.33, 95% CI 0.80 to 2.19, two RCTs, n = 341, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence) or between oestrogen ring and oestrogen tablets (OR 0.78, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.15, three RCTs, n = 567, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). However, a higher proportion of women reported improvement in symptoms following treatment with oestrogen ring compared with placebo (OR 12.67, 95% CI 3.23 to 49.66, one RCT, n = 67). With respect to endometrial thickness, a higher proportion of women who received oestrogen cream showed evidence of increase in endometrial thickness compared to those who were treated with oestrogen ring (OR 0.36, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.94, two RCTs, n = 273; I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). This may have been due to the higher doses of cream used. 2. Oestrogen tablets versus other regimens Other regimens in this comparison included oestrogen cream, and placebo. There was no evidence of a difference in the proportions of women who reported improvement in symptoms between oestrogen tablets and oestrogen cream (OR 1.06, 95% CI 0.55 to 2.01, two RCTs, n = 208, I 2  = 0% low‐quality evidence). A higher proportion of women who were treated with oestrogen tablets reported improvement in symptoms compared to those who received placebo using a fixed‐effect model (OR 12.47, 95% CI 9.81 to 15.84, two RCTs, n = 1638, I 2  = 83%, low‐quality evidence); however, using a random‐effect model did not demonstrate any evidence of a difference in the proportions of women who reported improvement between the two treatment groups (OR 5.80, 95% CI 0.88 to 38.29). There was no evidence of a difference in the proportions of women with increase in endometrial thickness between oestrogen tablets and oestrogen cream (OR 0.31, 95% CI 0.06 to 1.60, two RCTs, n = 151, I 2  = 0%, low‐quality evidence). 3.  Oestrogen cream versus other regimens Other regimens identified in this comparison included isoflavone gel and placebo. There was no evidence of a difference in the proportions of women with improvement in symptoms between oestrogen cream and isoflavone gel (OR 2.08, 95% CI 0.08 to 53.76, one RCT, n = 50, low‐quality evidence). However, there was evidence of a difference in the proportions of women with improvement in symptoms between oestrogen cream and placebo with more women who received oestrogen cream reporting improvement in symptoms compared to those who were treated with placebo (OR 4.10, 95% CI 1.88 to 8.93, two RCTs, n = 198, I 2  = 50%, low‐quality evidence). None of the included studies in this comparison reported data on endometrial thickness. Authors' conclusions There was no evidence of a difference in efficacy between the various intravaginal oestrogenic preparations when compared with each other. However, there was low‐quality evidence that intra‐vaginal oestrogenic preparations improve the symptoms of vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women when compared to placebo. There was low‐quality evidence that oestrogen cream may be associated with an increase in endometrial thickness compared to oestrogen ring; this may have been due to the higher doses of cream used. However there was no evidence of a difference in the overall body of evidence in adverse events between the various oestrogenic preparations compared with each other or with placebo. Plain language summary Use by postmenopausal women of creams, pessaries or a vaginal ring to apply oestrogen vaginally for symptoms of vaginal dryness Review question Cochrane researchers reviewed the evidence about the efficacy and safety of intravaginal oestrogenic preparations compared with each other or placebo (inactive or sham treatment) in women undergoing treatment for the symptoms of vaginal atrophy. Background Vaginal atrophy is a common condition in women after menopause. It causes vaginal dryness and itching and can make intercourse painful. The female hormone oestrogen is a treatment option for vaginal atrophy, but can cause adverse effects such as increased thickness in the lining of the womb (endometrium) which could be due to endometrial hyperplasia or cancer (resulting in vaginal bleeding) and breast tenderness. Oestrogen is available as an oral tablet, skin patch or implant under the skin. Alternatively, women can apply the hormone locally using creams, pessaries (tablets placed in the vagina) or a hormone‐releasing ring placed in the vagina. There is, therefore, the need to evaluate the efficacy and safety of these locally‐administered oestrogenic preparations. Study characteristics We found 30 randomised controlled trials comparing intravaginal oestrogenic preparations with one another or with placebo in a total of 6235 postmenopausal women undergoing treatment for the symptoms of vaginal atrophy. The evidence is current to April 2016. Key results There was no evidence of a difference in the proportions of women who reported improvement in symptoms of vaginal atrophy between the following treatment comparisons: oestrogen ring and oestrogen cream, oestrogen ring and oestrogen tablets, oestrogen tablets and oestrogen cream, oestrogen cream and isoflavone gel. However, a higher proportion of women reported improvement in symptoms in the following active treatments compared with placebo: oestrogen ring versus placebo, oestrogen tablets versus placebo and oestrogen cream versus placebo. In the case of oestrogen tablets versus placebo and using a random‐effect model for analysis of the data because of substantial heterogeneity, there was no longer evidence of a difference in effect on improvement in symptoms. With respect to safety, a higher proportion of women who received oestrogen cream showed evidence of increase in endometrial thickness compared to those who were treated with oestrogen ring, which may have been due to the higher doses of cream used. However, there was no evidence of a difference in the proportions of women with increase in thickness of the lining of the womb between oestrogen tablets and oestrogen cream. Quality of the evidence: The evidence was of low quality for both improvement in symptoms as reported by women and increase in endometrial thickness. The main limitations of the evidence were poor reporting of study methods, and lack of precision (i.e. effect estimates with wide confidence intervals) in the findings for both outcomes.
 Non surgical therapy for anal fissure;  Abstract - Background Because of the disability associated with surgery for anal fissure and the risk of incontinence, medical alternatives for surgery have been sought. Most recently, pharmacologic methods that relax the anal smooth muscle, to accomplish reversibly what occurs in surgery, have been used to obtain fissure healing. Objectives To assess the efficacy and morbidity of various medical therapies for anal fissure. Search methods Search terms include "anal fissure randomized". Timing from 1966 to August 2010. Further details of the search below. Selection criteria Studies in which participants were randomized to a non‐surgical therapy for anal fissure. Comparison groups may include an operative procedure, an alternate medical therapy or placebo. Chronic fissure, acute fissure and fissure in children are included in the review. Atypical fissures associated with inflammatory bowel disease or cancer or anal infection are excluded. Data collection and analysis Data were abstracted from published reports and meeting abstracts, assessing method of randomization, blinding, "intention to treat" and drop‐outs, therapies, supportive measures (applied to both groups), dosing and frequency and cross‐overs. Dichotomous outcome measures included Non‐healing of the fissure (a combination of persistence and recurrence), and Adverse events (including incontinence, headache, infection, anaphylaxis). Continuous outcome measures included measures of pain relief and anorectal manometry. Main results In this update 23 studies including 1236 participants is added to the 54 studies and 3904 participants in the 2008 publication, however 2 studies were from the last version reclassified as un included, so the final number of participants is 5031. 49 different comparisons of the ability of medical therapies to heal anal fissure have been reported in 75 RCTs. Seventeen agents were used (nitroglycerin ointment (GTN), isosorbide mono & dinitrate, Botulinum toxin (Botox), diltiazem, nifedipine (Calcium channel blockers or CCBs), hydrocortisone, lignocaine, bran, minoxidil, indoramin, clove oil, L‐arginine, sitz baths, sildenafil, "healer cream" and placebo) as well as Sitz baths, anal dilators and surgical sphincterotomy.   GTN was found to be marginally but significantly better than placebo in healing anal fissure (48.9% vs. 35.5%, p < 0.0009), but late recurrence of fissure was common, in the range of 50% of those initially cured. Botox and CCBs were equivalent to GTN in efficacy with fewer adverse events. No medical therapy came close to the efficacy of surgical sphincterotomy, though none of the medical therapies in these RCTs were associated with the risk of incontinence. Authors' conclusions Medical therapy for chronic anal fissure, currently consisting of topical glyceryl trinitrate, botulinum toxin injection or the topical calcium channel blockers nifedipine or diltiazem in acute and chronic fissure and fissure in children may be applied with a chance of cure that is marginally better than placebo. For chronic fissure in adults all medical therapies are far less effective than surgery. A few of the newer agents investigated show promise based only upon single studies (clove oil, sildenifil and a "healer cream") but lack comparison to more established medications. Plain language summary Non surgical therapy for anal fissure. Anal fissure is a painful ulcer usually occurring in the posterior midline of the skin just outside the entry to the rectum. Its persistence is due to spasm of the internal sphincter muscle. The typical pain of this condition is pain on moving one's bowels that persists for some time afterward. Relief with healing of chronic fissures until very recently has been achieved by surgical procedures aimed at ablation of the sphincter spasm. Because of the risk of incontinence resulting from surgery, medical alternatives for surgery have been sought. Among the older medications, bran is effective in preventing recurrence of acute fissure. Local application of muscle relaxing therapy is effective in healing chronic anal fissure, though not as well as surgery, and with considerable risk of adverse events during therapy. There is a Cochrane review related to this review dealing only with surgical procedures.
 Topical azole treatments for otomycosis;  Abstract - Background Otomycosis is a fungal infection of the outer ear, which may be treated with topical antifungal medications. There are many types, with compounds belonging to the azole group ('azoles') being among the most widely used. Objectives To evaluate the benefits and harms of topical azole treatments for otomycosis. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The search date was 11 November 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in adults and children with otomycosis comparing any topical azole antifungal with: placebo, no treatment, another type of topical azole or the same type of azole but applied in different forms. A minimum follow‐up of two weeks was required. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methods. Our primary outcomes were: 1) clinical resolution as measured by the proportion of participants with complete resolution at between two and four weeks after treatment (however defined by the authors of the studies) and 2) significant adverse events. Secondary outcomes were 3) mycological resolution and 4) other less serious adverse effects. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of evidence for each outcome. Main results We included four studies with 559 participants from Spain, Mexico and India. Three studies included children and adults; one included only adults. The duration of symptoms was not always explicitly stated. Mycological resolution results were only reported in one study. The studies assessed two comparisons: one type of topical azole versus another and the same azole but administered in different forms (cream versus solution). A. Topical azoles versus placebo None of the studies assessed this comparison. B. Topical azoles versus no treatment None of the studies assessed this comparison. C. One type of topical azole versus another type of topical azole i) Clotrimazole versus other types of azoles (eberconazole, fluconazole, miconazole) Three studies examined clotrimazole versus other types of azoles. The evidence is very uncertain about the difference between clotrimazole and other types of azole in achieving complete clinical resolution at four weeks (risk ratio (RR) 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.59 to 1.07; 3 studies; 439 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). The anticipated absolute effects are 668 per 1000 for clotrimazole versus 835 per 1000 for other azoles. One study planned a safety analysis and reported no significant adverse events in either group. The evidence is therefore very uncertain about any differences between clotrimazole and other types of azole (no events in either group; 1 study; 174 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). Clotrimazole may result in little or no difference in mycological resolution at two weeks follow‐up (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.06; 1 study; 174 participants; low‐certainty evidence) or in other (less serious) adverse events at two weeks follow‐up (36 per 1000, compared to 45 per 1000, RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.18 to 3.41; 1 study; 174 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). ii) Bifonazole cream versus bifonazole solution One study compared bifonazole 1% cream with solution. Bifonazole cream may have little or no effect on clinical resolution at two weeks follow‐up when compared to solution, but the evidence is very uncertain (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.57; 1 study; 40 ears; very low‐certainty evidence). Bifonazole cream may achieve less mycological resolution compared to solution at two weeks after the end of therapy, but the evidence for this is also very uncertain (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.29 to 0.96; 1 study; 40 ears; very low‐certainty evidence). Five out of 35 patients sustained severe itching and burning from the bifonazole solution but none with the bifonazole cream (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We found no studies that evaluated topical azoles compared to placebo or no treatment. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of clotrimazole on clinical resolution of otomycosis, on significant adverse events or other (non‐serious) adverse events when compared with other topical azoles (eberconazole, fluconazole, miconazole). There may be little or no difference between clotrimazole and other azoles in terms of mycological resolution. It may be difficult to generalise these results because the range of ethnic backgrounds of the participants in the studies is limited. Plain language summary Do azole medicines taken as a cream or drops work for treating otomycosis (a fungal ear infection)? Key messages Due to weak evidence, we do not know if: ‐ azoles taken as a cream or drops are better than no treatment or a placebo (dummy) treatment; ‐ some azoles are better at ending infections than others. There is a need for well‐conducted studies that investigate the risks and benefits of these treatments for otomycosis. What is otomycosis? Otomycosis is an ear infection caused by micro‐organisms called fungi (related to yeast and mushrooms). It mostly affects people who live in warm or tropical areas. Otomycosis typically causes an itchy ear, and can also cause ear pain, hearing loss and a fluid (discharge) that comes out of the ear. Otomycosis can be treated with many different creams or drops that fight fungi and are applied to the ears (topical treatments). The most widely used of these come from a group of medicines called azoles. What did we want to find out? We wanted to find out about the risks and benefits of using topical azoles to treat otomycosis. What did we do? We searched for studies that compared topical azole treatment against: ‐ a placebo (dummy) treatment; ‐ no treatment; or ‐ other azole treatments. We compared and summarised the results of the studies and rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes. What did we find? We found four studies that involved 559 people from Spain, Mexico and India. Three studies included children and adults, and one included only adults. The studies compared: ‐ the topical azole 'clotrimazole' against a different topical azole (eberconazole, fluconazole or miconazole; three studies); and ‐ the topical azole 'bifonazole' as a cream against bifonazole drops (one study). No studies compared topical azoles against a placebo or no treatment. Clotrimazole compared against other topical azoles The evidence suggests that, 24 days after the start of the treatment, there may be little to no difference between clotrimazole and other topical azoles in: ‐ the number of people whose ears were no longer infected with fungi; ‐ the number of severe adverse (unwanted) effects, such as severe allergic reactions; ‐ the number of non‐severe unwanted effects. The evidence is not robust enough for us to determine if clotrimazole: ‐ is better than other topical azoles for ending otomycosis. Bifonazole cream compared against bifonazole drops The evidence is not robust enough for us to compare the benefits and risks of bifonazole cream against bifonazole drops. What are the limitations of the evidence? The main limitations of the evidence are that it relies on few studies that: ‐ sometimes have conflicting results; ‐ are conducted in a few countries only; and ‐ are conducted in ways that may have introduced errors into their results. How up to date is this evidence? The evidence is up to date to November 2020.
 Interventions for infantile seborrhoeic dermatitis (including cradle cap);  Abstract - Background Infantile seborrhoeic dermatitis (ISD) is a chronic, inflammatory, scaling skin condition, which causes redness and a greasy scaling rash in infants and young children. It can last from weeks to months, but rarely years. When it occurs on the scalp, it is referred to as 'cradle cap'. While benign and self‐limiting, irrelevant of its location on the body, it can distress parents. The effectiveness of commonly promoted treatments is unclear. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions for infantile seborrhoeic dermatitis in children from birth to 24 months of age. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 22 May 2018: Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and LILACS. We searched trials registers and checked reference lists of included studies for further references to randomised controlled trials (RCTs). We searched for unpublished RCTs and grey literature via web search engines, and wrote to authors and pharmaceutical companies. Selection criteria We included RCTs of interventions for ISD in children from birth up to 24 months who were clinically diagnosed by a healthcare practitioner with ISD or cradle cap. We allowed comparison of any treatment to no treatment or placebo, and the comparison of two or more treatments or a combination of treatments. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. The primary outcome measures were 'Change in severity score from baseline to end of study' and 'Percentage of infants treated who develop adverse effects or intolerance to treatment'. The secondary outcome was 'Improvement in quality of life (QoL) as reported by parents'. Main results We included six RCTs (one with a cross‐over design) randomising 310 children and reporting outcomes for 297 children. Most participants were aged under seven months with only two participants aged over one year (seven and 12 years old); where specified, 60% were boys. In two studies, condition severity was mild to moderate; one study included two participants with severe ISD; the other studies did not describe baseline severity or described it as body surface area affected. The study setting was not always clear but likely a paediatric outpatient clinic in the following countries: Thailand, Israel, USA, France, and Australia. Two studies compared oral biotin (a B group vitamin) against placebo, two studies compared proprietary products against placebo cream or a control shampoo, and two studies compared topical corticosteroids against other products. The studies were generally short‐term, between 10 and 42 days' duration; only one study followed the participants until resolution of the rash or eight months of age. We assessed the risk of bias as unclear for most aspects due to lack of reporting, but two of the studies were at high risk of performance and detection bias due to the appearance of the intervention, the trial design (open‐label), or use of overlabelled tubes. Two trials had a high risk of attrition bias. All the results given below were based on very low‐quality evidence. Treatment duration ranged from one week to three weeks. For the two trials comparing biotin versus placebo (n = 35), one did not report a measure of change in severity (only change in duration of rash) while the other did not report raw data (only 'no statistically significant difference'), measured at three weeks. Neither trial reported on adverse events. Two trials compared proprietary products against placebo (n = 160). One trial assessed change in severity via percentage success (96% of participants in non‐steroidal cream Promiseb versus 92% in placebo), and reported no adverse events (both assessed at day 14). The other trial assessed change in severity via reduction in lesional score (surface area covered), finding better results for lactamide MEA gel (a moisturising agent) plus shampoo (81.4%) compared with shampoo only (70.2%; P = 0.0092). No adverse events were described, but signs of discomfort were similar in both groups (both assessed at day 21). In the comparison of topical steroids versus another product, change in severity was measured through evaluation of cure and body surface (n = 102). In one trial comparing hydrocortisone 1% lotion with licochalcone 0.025% lotion, there was no significant difference in participants cured (95.8% with hydrocortisone compared to 97.1% with licochalcone). One person in the licochalcone group developed more erythema, but there were no other adverse events (both outcomes assessed at day 14). In the trial comparing flumethasone pivalate 0.02% ointment versus eosin 2% aqueous solution, a reduction in body surface area affected was seen in both groups at day 10 (9% with corticosteroid versus 7% with aqueous solution), with all infants showing less than 10% involvement. There were no adverse events (both outcomes assessed at day 10). No studies measured QoL. We found no trials testing commonly used treatments such as mineral oils, salicylic acid, or antifungals. Authors' conclusions Our review identified only a limited number of studies investigating the effects of interventions for ISD in infants and young children. Unlike the reviews investigating the effects of treatments in adults, our results showed that there is uncertainty regarding the effectiveness and safety of studied treatments due to the very low‐certainty evidence for all comparisons and outcomes. We assessed most bias domains as at unclear risk, but there was a high risk of bias for (mainly) performance, attrition, and detection bias. Evidence was limited further by imprecision (small studies, low number of events), indirectness (mainly with the outcomes assessed), and poor trial reporting. In most studies, the prognosis for the condition was favourable regardless of intervention but interpretation is limited by the very low‐certainty evidence. Further research is needed with large, well‐conducted, and well‐reported intervention trials, particularly of interventions commonly recommended or used, such as emollients or shampoos and brushing, antifungals, or steroids. All studies should report standardised and validated relevant outcome measures, including adverse events, severity, and QoL, and they should be conducted in primary care settings where the majority of ISD is managed. Future trials should compare against placebo, no treatment, or standard care. Plain language summary Treatments for infantile seborrhoeic dermatitis (including cradle cap), an inflammatory, scaly skin condition Review question How effective (in terms of cure and improving quality of life) and safe are treatments for infantile seborrhoeic dermatitis (ISD) in children from birth up to 24 months of age, when compared with each other, no treatment, or placebo (an identical in appearance but inactive treatment)? Background ISD is an inflammatory scaly skin condition that can appear soon after birth, and generally lasts weeks to months. When it affects the scalp, it is commonly called 'cradle cap'. The condition affects infants of all ethnic backgrounds and climate zones, with up to 71% of infants affected within the first three months of life. While the cause of cradle cap is unclear, factors that play a role include yeast growth on the skin, naturally occurring oils on the skin, and presence of maternal hormones in the child's body after birth. ISD is usually mild and does not cause distress to the child. However, it can concern parents. Treatments promoted for children affected by ISD include softening agents, followed by mechanical scale removal (shampooing and combing), as well as the treatments used for adult seborrhoeic dermatitis such as antifungals and corticosteroids. Unlike seborrhoeic dermatitis in adults, there are uncertainties regarding safety and effectiveness of ISD treatments. Study characteristics We included six studies which were small with 310 infants, of whom 297 were included for analysis. The studies were short (10 to 42 days), and generally poor quality. Studies were in different countries, and, where stated, in paediatric clinics. Where stated in three studies, 60% were boys (144 boys among 241 infants). Most infants were aged under seven months; two were aged seven and 12 years. ISD severity where described was mild to moderate; one study included two participants with severe ISD. The treatments tested included: oral biotin (a B group vitamin) compared to placebo; trademarked creams or gels compared to placebo (or a control group); and steroid lotion or ointment compared to licochalcone (Chinese liquorice) cream and eosin (a red staining agent). Four studies had support from pharmaceutical companies: in three studies, a company supplied the intervention product; a company assisted with statistical analysis in one study; one employed a study author; and one had authors who were consultants to the pharmaceutical company. The evidence is current to 22 May 2018. Key results Two trials assessed oral biotin versus placebo. One study only assessed duration of rash, and the other only reported that there was no differences between groups. Thus, it was unclear which treatment was more effective. In the two trials assessing trademarked skin products versus placebo, there was similar improvement in severity between Promiseb cream (96%) and placebo (92%). One trial assessed lactamide MEA gel plus shampoo versus shampoo only. Reduction of surface area covered and severity of rash was slightly higher in the gel group (81.4%) compared with shampoo only (70.2%). When comparing hydrocortisone 1% lotion with licochalcone 0.025% lotion in one study, cure rates, as a sign of severity, were also similar (95.8% with hydrocortisone versus 97.1% with licochalcone). Reduction in body surface area affected was similar when comparing flumethasone pivalate 0.02% ointment (9%) versus eosin 2% aqueous solution (7%). Only two trials reported side effects, including one case of increased skin redness with licochalcone, while in the study comparing lactamide MEA gel plus shampoo versus shampoo only there were no specific side effects reported. No studies measured improvement in quality of life. Quality of the evidence The quality of the evidence was downgraded to very low for all outcome measures in this review due to serious concerns with how the studies were conducted (risk of bias), how the outcomes were measured and reported, differences between the assessed treatments, and the small number of participants included. Thus, we cannot be certain of their accuracy.
 Dressings and topical agents for preventing pressure ulcers;  Abstract - Background Pressure ulcers, localised injuries to the skin or underlying tissue, or both, occur when people cannot reposition themselves to relieve pressure on bony prominences. These wounds are difficult to heal, painful, expensive to manage and have a negative impact on quality of life. Prevention strategies include nutritional support and pressure redistribution. Dressing and topical agents aimed at prevention are also widely used, however, it remains unclear which, if any, are most effective. This is the first update of this review, which was originally published in 2013. Objectives To evaluate the effects of dressings and topical agents on pressure ulcer prevention, in people of any age, without existing pressure ulcers, but considered to be at risk of developing one, in any healthcare setting. Search methods In March 2017 we searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations), Embase, and EBSCO CINAHL Plus. We searched clinical trials registries for ongoing trials, and bibliographies of relevant publications to identify further eligible trials. There was no restriction on language, date of trial or setting. In May 2018 we updated this search; as a result several trials are awaiting classification. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials that enrolled people at risk of pressure ulcers. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently selected trials, assessed risk of bias and extracted data. Main results The original search identified nine trials; the updated searches identified a further nine trials meeting our inclusion criteria. Of the 18 trials (3629 participants), nine involved dressings; eight involved topical agents; and one included dressings and topical agents. All trials reported the primary outcome of pressure ulcer incidence. Topical agents   There were five trials comparing fatty acid interventions to different treatments. Two trials compared fatty acid to olive oil. Pooled evidence shows that there is no clear difference in pressure ulcer incidence between groups, fatty acid versus olive oil (2 trials, n=1060; RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.76 to 2.17; low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for very serious imprecision; or fatty acid versus standard care (2 trials, n=187; RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.18; low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for serious risk of bias and serious imprecision) .  Trials reported that pressure ulcer incidence was lower with fatty acid‐containing‐treatment compared with a control compound of trisostearin and perfume (1 trial, n=331; RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.80; low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for serious risk of bias and serious imprecision). Pooled evidence shows that there is no clear difference in incidence of adverse events between fatty acids and olive oil (1 trial, n=831; RR 2.22 95% CI 0.20 to 24.37; low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for very serious imprecision). Four trials compared further different topical agents with placebo. Dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) cream may increase the risk of pressure ulcer incidence compared with placebo (1 trial, n=61; RR 1.99, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.57; low‐certainty evidence ;  downgraded for serious risk of bias and serious imprecision). The other three trials reported no clear difference in pressure ulcer incidence between active topical agents and control/placebo; active lotion (1 trial, n=167; RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.45 to 1.19), Conotrane (1 trial, n=258; RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.52 to 1.07), Prevasore (1 trial, n=120; RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.04 to 3.11) (very low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for very serious risk of bias and very serious imprecision). There was limited evidence from one trial to determine whether the application of a topical agent may delay or prevent the development of a pressure ulcer (Dermalex TM  9.8 days vs placebo 8.7 days). Further, two out of 76 reactions occurred in the Dermalex TM  group compared with none out of 91 in the placebo group (RR 6.14, 95% CI 0.29 to 129.89; very low‐certainty evidence; downgraded for very serious risk of bias and very serious imprecision). Dressings Six trials (n = 1247) compared a silicone dressing with no dressing. Silicone dressings may reduce pressure ulcer incidence (any stage) (RR 0.25, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.41; low‐certainty evidence; downgraded for very serious risk of bias). In the one trial (n=77) we rated as being at low risk of bias, there was no clear difference in pressure ulcer incidence between silicone dressing and placebo‐treated groups (RR 1.95, 95% CI 0.18 to 20.61; low‐certainty evidence, downgraded for very serious imprecision). One trial (n=74) reported no clear difference in pressure ulcer incidence when a thin polyurethane dressing was compared with no dressing (RR 1.31, 95% CI 0.83 to 2.07). In the same trial pressure ulcer incidence was reported to be higher in an adhesive foam dressing compared with no dressing (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.48). We rated evidence from this trial as very low certainty (downgraded for very serious risk of bias and serious imprecision). Four trials compared other dressings with different controls. Trials reported that there was no clear difference in pressure ulcer incidence between the following comparisons: polyurethane film and hydrocolloid dressing (n=160, RR 0.58, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.41); Kang’ huier versus routine care n=100; RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.08 to 2.05); 'pressure ulcer preventive dressing' (PPD) versus no dressing (n=74; RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.76) We rated the evidence as very low certainty (downgraded for very serious risk of bias and serious or very serious imprecision). Authors' conclusions Most of the trials exploring the impact of topical applications on pressure ulcer incidence showed no clear benefit or harm. Use of fatty acid versus a control compound (a cream that does not include fatty acid) may reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers. Silicone dressings may reduce pressure ulcer incidence (any stage). However the low level of evidence certainty means that additional research is required to confirm these results. Plain language summary Dressings and topical agents (creams or lotions) for preventing pressure ulcers Review question We reviewed the evidence about whether dressings and topical agents, like creams, can prevent pressure ulcers. Background Pressure ulcers, also known as bed sores or pressure sores, are injuries to the skin or tissue underneath, or both. They develop as a result of sustained pressure on bony parts of the body. They are common among elderly people and those with mobility problems. They are often difficult to heal, expensive to treat and have a negative impact on people's quality of life, so it is important to prevent them. Special mattresses, cushions, and regular changes of position are used for prevention. Dressings and creams are also widely used. We wanted to compare different dressings and topical agents and find out which were best at preventing pressure ulcers in people at risk of developing them. We also wanted to consider other outcomes, like pain, quality of life, and the cost to healthcare systems of the different treatments. Trial characteristics In order to ensure that the information contained within this review is up to date, in March 2017 we searched for any new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared dressings and/or topical agents with other methods for preventing pressure ulcers. RCTs are medical studies where patients are chosen at random to receive different treatments. This type of trial provides the most reliable evidence .  This is the first time we have updated this review. We found nine RCTs, giving us a total of 18 relevant trials. These trials included 3629 adults, mainly elderly people, though some included younger adults with mobility‐limiting injuries. Products tested included fatty acid (fatty acids come from animal and vegetable fats and oils and are used to moisten the skin), creams and dressings made with silicone or foam. Key results The results of six trials suggest that silicone dressings may reduce the likelihood of people developing pressure ulcers . However, we were uncertain about the evidence from five of these trials because they used poor methods, so we cannot be confident about these results. We also found that use of fatty acid versus a control compound (a cream that does not include fatty acid) may reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers, but results from this trial were uncertain. None of the other comparisons involving topical agents provided conclusive evidence that they make it less likely that people will develop a pressure ulcer. Quality of the evidence The certainty of the evidence in the trials was low to very low. Additional trials at low risk of bias are needed to clarify the effect of dressings and topical agents in preventing pressure ulcers. We searched for trials that had been published up to March 2017.
 Dressings and topical agents for arterial leg ulcers;  Abstract - Background It is estimated that up to 1% of people in high‐income countries suffer from a leg ulcer at some time in their life. The majority of leg ulcers are associated with circulation problems; poor blood return in the veins causes venous ulcers (around 70% of ulcers) and poor blood supply to the legs causes arterial ulcers (around 22% of ulcers). Treatment of arterial leg ulcers is directed towards correcting poor arterial blood supply, for example by correcting arterial blockages (either surgically or pharmaceutically). If the blood supply has been restored, these arterial ulcers can heal following principles of good wound‐care. Dressings and topical agents make up a part of good wound‐care for arterial ulcers, but there are many products available, and it is unclear what impact these have on ulcer healing. This is the third update of a review first published in 2003. Objectives To determine whether topical agents and wound dressings affect healing in arterial ulcers. To compare healing rates and patient‐centred outcomes between wound dressings and topical agents. Search methods The Cochrane Vascular Information Specialist searched the Cochrane Vascular Specialised Register, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, Embase, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature and Allied and Complementary Medicine databases, the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform and ClinicalTrials.gov trials register to 28 January 2019. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), or controlled clinical trials (CCTs) evaluating dressings and topical agents in the treatment of arterial leg ulcers were eligible for inclusion. We included participants with arterial leg ulcers irrespective of method of diagnosis. Trials that included participants with mixed arterio‐venous disease and diabetes were eligible for inclusion if they presented results separately for the different groups. All wound dressings and topical agents were eligible for inclusion in this review. We excluded trials which did not report on at least one of the primary outcomes (time to healing, proportion completely healed, or change in ulcer area). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently extracted information on the participants' characteristics, the interventions, and outcomes using a standardised data extraction form. Review authors resolved any disagreements through discussion. We presented the data narratively due to differences in the included trials. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results Two trials met the inclusion criteria. One compared 2% ketanserin ointment in polyethylene glycol (PEG) with PEG alone, used twice a day by 40 participants with arterial leg ulcers, for eight weeks or until healing, whichever was sooner. One compared topical application of blood‐derived concentrated growth factor (CGF) with standard dressing (polyurethane film or foam); both applied weekly for six weeks by 61 participants with non‐healing ulcers (venous, diabetic arterial, neuropathic, traumatic, or vasculitic). Both trials were small, reported results inadequately, and were of low methodological quality. Short follow‐up times (six and eight weeks) meant it would be difficult to capture sufficient healing events to allow us to make comparisons between treatments. One trial demonstrated accelerated wound healing in the ketanserin group compared with the control group. In the trial that compared CGF with standard dressings, the number of participants with diabetic arterial ulcers were only reported in the CGF group (9/31), and the number of participants with diabetic arterial ulcers and their data were not reported separately for the standard dressing group. In the CGF group, 66.6% (6/9) of diabetic arterial ulcers showed more than a 50% decrease in ulcer size compared to 6.7% (2/30) of non‐healing ulcers treated with standard dressing. We assessed this as very‐low certainty evidence due to the small number of studies and arterial ulcer participants, inadequate reporting of methodology and data, and short follow‐up period. Only one trial reported side effects (complications), stating that no participant experienced these during follow‐up (six weeks, low‐certainty evidence). It should also be noted that ketanserin is not licensed in all countries for use in humans. Neither study reported time to ulcer healing, patient satisfaction or quality of life. Authors' conclusions There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the choice of topical agent or dressing affects the healing of arterial leg ulcers. Plain language summary Dressings and topical agents for arterial leg ulcers What is the research question? Does the choice of topical agents (creams or ointments) or wound dressings affect the healing of arterial leg ulcers? Background People with blood circulation problems in their legs can develop leg ulcers, with adults having around a 1% chance of suffering from a leg ulcer at some time in their life. The majority of ulcers (around 70%), result from poor blood flow in the veins and are called venous leg ulcers. These are generally treated by compression. Arterial leg ulcers (around 22% of ulcers) occur because of poor blood supply to the legs, when there is a block in a leg artery or narrowing of the arteries (atherosclerosis). Without treatment of the underlying poor arterial blood supply, ulcers take a long time to heal or may even never heal. These ulcers are treated to promote healing and protect from infection, by covering them with dressings or using topical agents, or both. A variety of types of dressings can be used, depending on whether the main intention is to treat infection, reduce ulcer pain, or manage the fluid that can leak from these ulcers (exudate), and so promote healing. Study characteristics and key results We found two small studies that presented data for 49 participants with arterial leg ulcers (search conducted January 2019). The studies also included participants with other kinds of ulcers, and it is not clear what proportion of participants were diabetic. Neither study described the methods fully, both presented limited results for the arterial ulcer participants, and one study did not provide information on the number of participants with an arterial ulcer in the control group. The follow‐up periods (six and eight weeks) were too short to measure healing. Therefore, the data that were available were incomplete and cannot be generalised to the greater population of people who suffer from arterial leg ulcers. One study randomised participants to either 2% ketanserin ointment in polyethylene glycol (PEG) or PEG alone, administered twice a day over eight weeks. This study reported increased wound healing in the ketanserin group, when compared with the control group. It should be noted that ketanserin is not licensed for use in humans in all countries. The second study randomised participants to either topically‐applied growth factors isolated from the participant's own blood (concentrated growth factors (CGF)), or standard dressing; both applied weekly for six weeks. This study reported that 66.6% of CGF‐treated diabetic arterial ulcers showed more than a 50% decrease in ulcer size, compared to 6.7% of non‐healing ulcers treated with standard dressing. Only one study mentioned side effects, and reported that no participant experienced side effects during follow‐up (six weeks). Neither of the two studies reported time to ulcer healing, patient satisfaction or quality of life measures. Certainty of the evidence There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the choice of topical agent or dressing affects the healing of arterial leg ulcers. We downgraded the overall certainty of the available evidence to 'very low' and 'low', because the studies reported their methods poorly, there were only two studies and few participants with arterial disease, and because the studies were short and reported few results. This made it impossible to determine whether there was any real difference in the number of ulcers healed between the groups.
 Topical agents or dressings for pain in venous leg ulcers;  Abstract - Background Venous leg ulcers affect up to 1% of people at some time in their lives and are often painful. The main treatments are compression bandages and dressings. Topical treatments to reduce pain during and between dressing changes are sometimes used. Objectives To determine the effects of topical agents or dressings for pain in venous leg ulcers. Search methods For this third update the following databases were searched: Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (searched 9 May 2012); The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2012, Issue 4); Ovid MEDLINE (2009 to April Week 4 2012); Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations May 08, 2012); Ovid EMBASE (2009 to 2012 Week 18); and EBSCO CINAHL (2009 to May 2 2012). No date or language restrictions were applied. Selection criteria Published or unpublished randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effects of topical agents or dressing for the treatment of pain in venous ulcers were included. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed trial selection, data extraction and risk of bias assessment. Main results Six trials (343 participants) evaluated Eutectic Mixture of Local Anaesthetics (EMLA): lidocaine‐prilocaine cream for the pain associated with ulcer debridement. The between‐group difference in pain measured on a 100 mm scale was statistically significant in favour of EMLA (MD ‐20.65, 95% CI ‐12.19 to ‐29.11). No significant between‐group differences in burning or itching were observed. Two trials (470 participants with venous leg ulcers) evaluated ibuprofen slow‐release foam dressings for persistent venous leg ulcer pain. Compared with local best practice, significantly more participants in the ibuprofen dressing group achieved the outcome of >50% of the total maximum pain relief score between day 1 and day 5 than participants in the local best practice group (RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.15). The number needed to treat was 6 (95% CI 4 to 12). In the second trial, compared with an identical non‐ibuprofen foam dressing, there was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of participants experiencing slight to complete pain relief on the first evening of treatment.Limited data were available to assess healing rates or adverse events. Authors' conclusions There is some evidence to suggest that ibuprofen dressings may offer pain relief to people with painful venous leg ulcers. EMLA (5%) appears to provide effective pain relief during the debridement of venous leg ulcers. Further research should consider standardised pain assessment methods and assess both the effect on ulcer healing and the impact of long term use of these treatments. Plain language summary Topical agents or dressings for reducing pain in venous leg ulcers Venous leg ulcers are often painful, both during and between dressing changes, and during surgical removal of dead tissue (debridement). Dressings, topical creams and lotions have been promoted to reduce the pain of ulcers. Two trials tested a dressing containing ibuprofen, however, the pain measures and time frames reported were different. One trial indicated that pain relief achieved over 5 days with ibuprofen dressings could represent a clinically relevant reduction in pain. The other trial found no significant difference in the chance of pain relief, measured on the first night of treatment, for ibuprofen dressings compared with foam dressings. This trial, however, was small and participants were only followed for a few weeks, which may not be long enough to assess whether the dressing affects healing. There was evidence from five trials that a local anaesthetic cream (EMLA 5%) reduces the post‐procedural pain of debriding leg ulcers but there was insufficient evidence regarding any side effects of this cream and its impact on healing.
 Antibiotics versus topical antiseptics for chronic suppurative otitis media;  Abstract - Background Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM), sometimes referred to as chronic otitis media (COM), is a chronic inflammation and infection of the middle ear and mastoid cavity, characterised by ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane. The predominant symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Antibiotics and antiseptics kill or inhibit the micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics can be applied topically or administered systemically via the oral or injection route. Antiseptics are always directly applied to the ear (topically). Objectives To assess the effectiveness of antibiotics versus antiseptics for people with chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM). Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2019, Issue 4, via the Cochrane Register of Studies); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 1 April 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least a one‐week follow‐up involving patients (adults and children) who had chronic ear discharge of unknown cause or CSOM, where ear discharge had continued for more than two weeks. The intervention was any single, or combination of, antibiotic agent, whether applied topically (without steroids) or systemically. The comparison was any single, or combination of, topical antiseptic agent, applied as ear drops, powders or irrigations, or as part of an aural toileting procedure. Two comparisons were topical antiseptics compared to: a) topical antibiotics or b) systemic antibiotics. Within each comparison we separated where both groups of patients had received topical antibiotic a) alone or with aural toilet and b) on top of background treatment (such as systemic antibiotics). Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Our primary outcomes were: resolution of ear discharge or 'dry ear' (whether otoscopically confirmed or not), measured at between one week and up to two weeks, two weeks to up to four weeks, and after four weeks; health‐related quality of life using a validated instrument; and ear pain (otalgia) or discomfort or local irritation. Secondary outcomes included hearing, serious complications and ototoxicity measured in several ways. Main results We identified seven studies (935 participants) across four comparisons with antibiotics compared against acetic acid, aluminium acetate, boric acid and povidone‐iodine. None of the included studies reported the outcomes of quality of life or serious complications. A. Topical antiseptic (acetic acid) versus topical antibiotics (quinolones or aminoglycosides) It is very uncertain if there is a difference in resolution of ear discharge with acetic acid compared with aminoglycosides at one to two weeks (risk ratio (RR) 0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.72 to 1.08; 1 study; 100 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). No study reported results for ear discharge after four weeks. It was very uncertain if there was more ear pain, discomfort or local irritation with acetic acid or topical antibiotics due to the low numbers of participants reporting events (RR 0.16, 95% CI 0.02 to 1.34; 2 RCTs; 189 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). No differences between groups were reported narratively for hearing (quinolones) or suspected ototoxicity (aminoglycosides) (very low‐certainty evidence). B. Topical antiseptic (aluminium acetate) versus topical antibiotics No results for the one study comparing topical antibiotics with aluminium acetate could be used in the review. C. Topical antiseptic (boric acid) versus topical antibiotics (quinolones) One study reported more participants with resolution of ear discharge when using topical antibiotics (quinolones) compared with boric acid ear drops at between one to two weeks (risk ratio (RR) 1.86, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.48 to 2.35; 1 study; 411 participants; moderate‐certainty evidence). This means that one additional person will have resolution of ear discharge for every four people receiving topical antibiotics (compared with boric acid) at two weeks. No study reported results for ear discharge after four weeks. There was a bigger improvement in hearing in the topical antibiotic group compared to the topical antiseptic group (mean difference (MD) 2.79 decibels (dB), 95% CI 0.48 to 5.10; 1 study; 390 participants; low‐certainty evidence) but this difference may not be clinically significant. There may be more ear pain, discomfort or irritation with boric acid compared with quinolones (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.98; 2 studies; 510 participants; low‐certainty evidence). Suspected ototoxicity was not reported. D. Topical antiseptic (povidone‐iodine) versus topical antibiotics (quinolones) It is uncertain if there is a difference between quinolones and povidone‐iodine with respect to resolution of ear discharge at one to two weeks (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.26; 1 RCT, 39 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). The study reported qualitatively that there were no differences between the groups for hearing and no patients developed ototoxic effects (very low‐certainty evidence). No results for resolution of ear discharge beyond four weeks, or ear pain, discomfort or irritation, were reported. E. Topical antiseptic (acetic acid) + aural toileting versus topical + systemic antibiotics (quinolones) One study reported that participants receiving topical and oral antibiotics had less resolution of ear discharge compared with acetic acid ear drops and aural toileting (suction clearance every two days) at one month (RR 0.69, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.90; 100 participants). The study did not report results for resolution of ear discharge at between one to two weeks, ear pain, discomfort or irritation, hearing or suspected ototoxicity. Authors' conclusions Treatment of CSOM with topical antibiotics (quinolones) probably results in an increase in resolution of ear discharge compared with boric acid at up to two weeks. There was limited evidence for the efficacy of other topical antibiotics or topical antiseptics and so we are unable to draw conclusions. Adverse events were not well reported. Plain language summary Topical antiseptics compared with antibiotics for people with chronic suppurative otitis media What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review is to find out whether topical antiseptics are more effective than antibiotics in treating chronic suppurative otitis media. The review authors collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question. Key messages There is not much evidence comparing topical antiseptics with topical antibiotics. The evidence is very uncertain as to whether antibiotics or topical antiseptics are more effective for reducing ear discharge, except that topical antibiotics are likely to be more effective than boric acid. What was studied in the review? Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) is a long‐term (chronic) swelling and infection of the middle ear, with ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane (eardrum). The main symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Antibiotics are the most commonly used treatment for CSOM. Antibiotics can either be 'topical' (put into the ear canal as ear drops, ointments, sprays or creams) or 'systemic' (taken either by mouth or by an injection into a muscle or vein). Topical antiseptics (antiseptics put directly into the ear as ear drops or as a powder) are a possible treatment for CSOM. Both antibiotics and topical antiseptics kill or stop the growth of the micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics and topical antiseptics can be used on their own or added to other treatments for CSOM, such as antibiotics or ear cleaning (aural toileting). It was important in this review to examine whether there were any adverse effects from using antibiotics and antiseptics. Possible adverse events could include irritation of the skin within the outer ear, which may cause discomfort, pain or itching. Some antibiotics and antiseptics (such as alcohol) can also be toxic to the inner ear (ototoxicity), which means that they may cause irreparable hearing loss (sensorineural), dizziness or ringing in the ear (tinnitus). What are the main results of the review? We found seven studies, which included 935 participants. We found evidence for four different types of topical antiseptics: acetic acid, aluminium acetate, boric acid and povidone‐iodine. Comparison of antibiotics to acetic acid, aluminium acetate or povidone‐iodine Compared to acetic acid, aluminium acetate and povidone‐iodine it is very uncertain whether topical antibiotics or systemic antibiotics improve the resolution of ear discharge in patients with CSOM because the certainty of the evidence is very low. It is not possible to know whether there is a difference between the groups for any other outcome. Comparison of antibiotics to boric acid We included two studies (532 participants), which showed evidence that topical antibiotics (quinolones) are likely to be better than boric acid at resolving ear discharge at one to two weeks. There also may be less ear discomfort (pain, irritation and bleeding) and a bigger improvement in hearing with topical antibiotics compared with boric acid. How up to date is this review? The evidence is up to date to April 2019.
 Topical antibiotics for chronic suppurative otitis media;  Abstract - Background Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM), sometimes referred to as chronic otitis media (COM), is a chronic inflammation and often polymicrobial infection (involving more than one micro‐organism) of the middle ear and mastoid cavity, characterised by ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane. The predominant symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Topical antibiotics, the most common treatment for CSOM, act to kill or inhibit the growth of micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics can be used alone or in addition to other treatments for CSOM, such as antiseptics or ear cleaning (aural toileting). Objectives To assess the effects of topical antibiotics (without steroids) for people with CSOM. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL via the Cochrane Register of Studies); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 1 April 2019. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least a one‐week follow‐up involving participants (adults and children) who had chronic ear discharge of unknown cause or CSOM, where the ear discharge had continued for more than two weeks. The interventions were any single, or combination of, topical antibiotic agent(s) of any class, applied directly into the ear canal as ear drops, powders or irrigations, or as part of an aural toileting procedure. The two main comparisons were topical antibiotic compared to a) placebo or no intervention and b) another topical antibiotic (e.g. topical antibiotic A versus topical antibiotic B). Within each comparison we separated studies where both groups of participants had received topical antibiotic a) alone or with aural toileting and b) on top of background treatment (such as systemic antibiotics). Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Our primary outcomes were: resolution of ear discharge or 'dry ear' (whether otoscopically confirmed or not), measured at between one week and up to two weeks, two weeks to up to four weeks and after four weeks; health‐related quality of life using a validated instrument; ear pain (otalgia) or discomfort or local irritation. Secondary outcomes included hearing, serious complications and ototoxicity measured in several ways. Main results We included 17 studies with a total of 2198 participants. Twelve studies reported the sample size in terms of participants (not ears); these had a total of 1797 participants. The remaining five studies reported both the number of participants and ears, representing 401 participants, or 510 ears. A: Topical antibiotics versus placebo or no treatment (with aural toilet in both arms and no other background treatment) One small study compared a topical antibiotic (ciprofloxacin) with placebo (saline). All participants received aural toilet. Although ciprofloxacin was better than saline in terms of resolution of discharge at one to two weeks: 84% versus 12% (risk ratio (RR) 6.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.82 to 24.99; 35 participants, very low‐certainty evidence), the very low certainty of the evidence means that it is very uncertain whether or not one intervention is better or worse than the other. The study authors reported that "no medical side‐effects and worsening of audiological measurements related to this topical medication were detected" (very low‐certainty evidence). B: Topical antibiotics versus placebo or no treatment (with use of oral antibiotics in both arms) Four studies compared topical ciprofloxacin to no treatment (three studies; 190 participants) or topical ceftizoxime to no treatment (one study; 248 participants). In each study all participants received the same antibiotic systemically (oral ciprofloxacin, injected ceftizoxime). In at least one study all participants received aural toilet. Useable data were only available from the first three studies; ciprofloxacin was better than no treatment, resolution of discharge occurring in 88.2% versus 60% at one to two weeks (RR 1.47, 95% CI 1.20 to 1.80; 2 studies, 150 participants; low‐certainty evidence). None of the studies reported ear pain or discomfort/local irritation. C: Comparisons of different topical antibiotics The certainty of evidence for all outcomes in these comparisons is very low. Quinolones versus aminoglycosides Seven studies compared an aminoglycoside (gentamicin, neomycin or tobramycin) with ciprofloxacin (734 participants) or ofloxacin (214 participants). Whilst resolution of discharge at one to two weeks was higher in the quinolones group the very low certainty of the evidence means that it is very uncertain whether or not one intervention is better or worse than the other (RR 1.95, 95% CI 0.88 to 4.29; 6 studies, 694 participants). One study measured ear pain and reported no difference between the groups. Quinolones versus aminoglycosides/polymyxin B combination  ± gramicidin We identified three studies but data on our primary outcome were only available in one study. Comparing ciprofloxacin to a neomycin/polymyxin B/gramicidin combination, for an unknown treatment duration (likely four weeks), ciprofloxacin was better (RR 1.12, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.22, 186 participants). A "few" patients experienced local irritation upon the first instillation of topical treatment (numbers/groups not stated). Others Other studies examined topical gentamicin versus a trimethoprim/sulphacetamide/polymixin B combination (91 participants) and rifampicin versus chloramphenicol (160 participants). Limited data were available and the findings were very uncertain. Authors' conclusions We are uncertain about the effectiveness of topical antibiotics in improving resolution of ear discharge in patients with CSOM because of the limited amount of low‐quality evidence available. However, amongst this uncertainty there is some evidence to suggest that the use of topical antibiotics may be effective when compared to placebo, or when used in addition to a systemic antibiotic. There is also uncertainty about the relative effectiveness of different types of antibiotics; it is not possible to determine with any certainty whether or not quinolones are better or worse than aminoglycosides. These two groups of compounds have different adverse effect profiles, but there is insufficient evidence from the included studies to make any comment about these. In general, adverse effects were poorly reported. Plain language summary Topical antibiotics for people with chronic suppurative otitis media What is the aim of this review? The aim of this Cochrane Review was to find out if topical antibiotics are effective in treating chronic suppurative otitis media and whether one type of topical antibiotic treatment is more effective than any other. We collected and analysed all relevant studies to answer this question. Key messages There is a lot of uncertainty as to whether or not topical antibiotics improve the resolution of ear discharge in patients with chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM). However, among this uncertainty there is some evidence to suggest that the use of topical antibiotics may be effective when compared to placebo, or when used in addition to a systemic antibiotic (oral or injected). There is also lots of uncertainty about which type of topical antibiotic is the most effective. Overall, the certainty of the evidence was very low. What was studied in the review? Chronic suppurative otitis media, sometimes referred to as chronic otitis media (COM), is a long‐term (chronic) swelling and infection of the middle ear, with ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane (eardrum). The main symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Topical antibiotics (administered into the ear canal as ear drops, ointments, sprays or creams) are the most commonly used treatment for CSOM. Topical antibiotics kill or stop the growth of the micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Topical antibiotics can be used on their own or added to other treatments for CSOM, such as antiseptics or ear cleaning (aural toileting) or systemic antibiotics (antibiotics taken either by mouth or by an injection into a muscle or vein). It was important in this review to examine whether there were any adverse effects from using topical antibiotics as they can cause irritation of the skin within the outer ear, which may cause discomfort, pain or itching. This review also examined whether different types of antibiotics were more effective at treating CSOM than others, as some antibiotics (such as aminoglycosides) may have the potential to be toxic to the inner ear (ototoxicity), with potential to cause irreparable hearing loss (sensorineural), dizziness or ringing in the ear (tinnitus). What are the main results of the review? We found 17 studies examining at least 2126 participants, but it was difficult to determine precisely how many participants were included as a number of studies did not clearly report the number. A number of different types of antibiotics and combinations of antibiotics were used. Comparison of topical antibiotics to placebo or no treatment One study compared topical antibiotics to a saline (salt water) ear wash. The topical antibiotics appeared to be more effective than the saline ear wash when assessed one to two weeks after treatment, but this study was too small to provide any certainty of the findings (very low‐certainty evidence). Comparison of topical antibiotics in addition to systemic (oral or injected) antibiotics Four studies compared treatment with topical antibiotic (ciprofloxacin) drops in addition to a systemic (oral or injected) antibiotic. Treatment marginally favoured the combined topical and oral antibiotics compared to oral antibiotics only for resolution of discharge at one to two weeks and two to four weeks. These studies were too small to provide any certainty of the findings (low‐certainty evidence). Comparisons of different topical antibiotics There were 12 studies that examined the effectiveness of different types of antibiotics. The certainty of the evidence for all outcomes in these comparisons is very low. Two studies did not report the number of included participants, or reported only the number of ears treated, so the total number of participants could not be calculated. Due to the low certainty of evidence it is not known which type of topical antibiotic is the most effective. How up to date is this review? The evidence is up to date to April 2019.
 Topical versus systemic antibiotics for chronic suppurative otitis media;  Abstract - Background Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM), sometimes referred to as chronic otitis media (COM), is a chronic inflammation and often polymicrobial infection (involving more than one micro‐organism) of the middle ear and mastoid cavity, characterised by ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane. The predominant symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Antibiotics are the most common treatment for CSOM, which act to kill or inhibit the growth of micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics can be administered both topically and systemically, and can be used alone or in addition to other treatments for CSOM such as ear cleaning (aural toileting). Objectives To assess the effects of topical versus systemic antibiotics for people with CSOM. Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL via the Cochrane Register of Studies); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 16 March 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least a one‐week follow‐up involving patients (adults and children) who had chronic ear discharge of unknown cause or CSOM, where the ear discharge had continued for more than two weeks. The studies compared topical antibiotics against systemic (oral, injection) antibiotics. We separated studies according to whether they compared the same type of antibiotic in both treatment groups, or different types of antibiotics. For each comparison we considered whether there was background treatment for both treatment groups, for example aural toileting (ear cleaning). Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Our primary outcomes were: resolution of ear discharge or 'dry ear' (whether otoscopically confirmed or not, measured at between one week and up to two weeks, two weeks up to four weeks, and after four weeks), health‐related quality of life using a validated instrument, ear pain (otalgia) or discomfort or local irritation. Secondary outcomes included hearing, serious complications and ototoxicity measured in several ways. Main results Six studies (445 participants), all with high risk of bias, were included. All but two studies included patients with confirmed CSOM, where perforation of the ear drum was clearly documented. None of the studies reported results for resolution of ear discharge after four weeks or health‐related quality of life. 1. Topical versus systemic administration of the same type of antibiotics (quinolones) Four studies (325 participants) compared topical versus systemic (oral) administration of ciprofloxacin. Three studies reported resolution of ear discharge at one to two weeks and found that the topical administration may slightly increase resolution (risk ratio (RR) 1.48, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.24 to 1.76; 285 participants; 3 studies; I 2  = 0%; low‐certainty evidence). In these studies, aural toileting was either not mentioned, or limited to the first visit. Three studies (265 participants) reported that they did not suspect ototoxicity in any participants, but it is unclear how this was measured (very low‐certainty evidence). No studies reported the outcomes of ear pain or serious complications. No studies reported results for hearing, despite it being measured in three studies. 2. Topical versus systemic administration of different types of antibiotics (quinolones versus aminoglycosides) One study (60 participants) compared topical ciprofloxacin versus gentamicin injected intramuscularly. No aural toileting was reported. Resolution of ear discharge was not measured at one to two weeks. The study did not report any 'side effects' from which we assumed that no ear pain, suspected ototoxicity or serious complications occurred (very low‐certainty evidence). The study stated that "no worsening of the audiometric function related to local or parenteral therapy was observed". 3 .  Topical versus systemic administration of different types of antibiotics (quinolones versus amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid) One study compared topical ofloxacin with amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid with all participants receiving suction ear cleaning at the first visit. It is uncertain if there is a difference between the two groups in resolution of ear discharge at one to two weeks due to study limitations and the very small sample size (RR 2.93, 95% CI 1.50 to 5.72; 56 participants; very low‐certainty evidence). It is unclear if there is a difference between topical quinolone compared with oral amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid with regards to ear pain, hearing or suspected ototoxicity (very low‐certainty evidence). No studies reported the outcome of serious complications. Authors' conclusions There was a limited amount of low‐quality evidence available, from studies completed over 15 years ago, to examine whether topical or systemic antibiotics are more effective in achieving resolution of ear discharge for people with CSOM. However, amongst this uncertainty there is some evidence to suggest that the topical administration of antibiotics may be more effective than systemic administration of antibiotics in achieving resolution of ear discharge (dry ear). There is limited evidence available regarding different types of antibiotics. It is not possible to determine with any certainty whether or not topical quinolones are better or worse than systemic aminoglycosides. These two groups of compounds have different adverse effect profiles, but there is insufficient evidence from the included studies to make any comment about these. In general, adverse effects were poorly reported. Plain language summary Local antibiotics or antibiotics that target the whole body: which works better to treat chronic suppurative otitis media (persistent or recurring ear infection with discharge)? Why is this question important? Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM), also known as chronic otitis media (COM), is an inflammation and infection of the middle ear that lasts for two weeks or more. People with CSOM usually experience recurrent or persistent discharge – fluid that leaks out from a hole or tear in the eardrum – and hearing loss. Antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections) are the most common treatment for CSOM. Antibiotics can: ‐ be applied to part of the body (locally) in the form of drops, sprays, ointments or creams (topical antibiotics); or ‐ treat the whole body (systemic antibiotics) when injected, or taken orally (by mouth). To find out whether topical or systemic antibiotics are better for treating CSOM, and whether they have different adverse (unwanted) effects, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? First, we searched the medical literature for studies that followed adults or children with CSOM for at least one week and compared: ‐ the topical and systemic forms of the same antibiotic; or ‐ a topical antibiotic against a different, systemic antibiotic. We then compared the results and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes, and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found six studies that involved a total of 445 people. People were treated with antibiotics for between five days and two weeks, and were followed for up to 21 days. Studies were conducted in Spain (three studies), Italy (two studies) and Hong Kong (one study). Three studies provided information about how they were funded or who supplied medicines: one study received funding from a university, and medicines were provided by pharmaceutical companies in two studies. Studies compared: ‐ quinolone ear drops against oral quinolone (four studies); ‐ quinolone ear drops against injected aminoglycosides (one study); ‐ ofloxacin ear drops against oral amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid (one study). Quinolone ear drops compared to quinolone taken orally Compared to oral quinolone, quinolone ear drops may slightly increase the chances of ear discharge resolving after one to two weeks. We do not know if there is a difference between the two treatments for: ‐ hearing; ‐ ear pain; ‐ serious complications such as facial palsy (weakness of the muscles in the face); ‐ meningitis (an inflammation of fluid and membranes in the brain); or ‐ ototoxicity (when a person develops hearing or balance problems due to a medicine). This is because either no studies reported information about these effects, or we have too little confidence in the evidence available. Quinolone ear drops compared to injected aminoglycosides We do not know if quinolone ear drops are better or worse than injected aminoglycosides for treating CSOM. Only one study investigated this and it provided insufficient robust evidence. Ofloxacin ear drops against oral amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid We do not know if ofloxacin ear drops are better or worse than oral amoxicillin‐clavulanic acid for treating CSOM. Only one study investigated this and it provided insufficient robust evidence. No study reported information about the effects of different treatments on ear discharge after four weeks or health‐related quality of life. What does this mean? Topical antibiotics may be more effective than systemic antibiotics at resolving ear discharge. We do not know whether systemic or topical antibiotics are better for improving hearing. We need more evidence from robust studies to be able to compare the effects of topical and systemic antibiotics on aspects such as health‐related quality of life or ear pain. We also need more information about adverse effects. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to March 2020.
 Topical antibiotics with steroids for chronic suppurative otitis media;  Abstract - Background Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) is a chronic inflammation and often polymicrobial infection of the middle ear and mastoid cavity, characterised by ear discharge (otorrhoea) through a perforated tympanic membrane. The predominant symptoms of CSOM are ear discharge and hearing loss. Topical antibiotics act to kill or inhibit the growth of micro‐organisms that may be responsible for the infection. Antibiotics can be used alone or in addition to other treatments for CSOM, such as steroids, antiseptics or ear cleaning (aural toileting). Antibiotics are commonly prescribed in combined preparations with steroids. Objectives To assess the effects of adding a topical steroid to topical antibiotics in the treatment of people with chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM). Search methods The Cochrane ENT Information Specialist searched the Cochrane ENT Register; Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL via the Cochrane Register of Studies); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid Embase; CINAHL; Web of Science; ClinicalTrials.gov; ICTRP and additional sources for published and unpublished trials. The date of the search was 16 March 2020. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) with at least a one‐week follow‐up involving participants (adults and children) who had chronic ear discharge of unknown cause or CSOM, where the ear discharge had continued for more than two weeks. The interventions were any combination of a topical antibiotic agent(s) of any class and a topical corticosteroid (steroid) of any class, applied directly into the ear canal as ear drops, powders or irrigations, or as part of an aural toileting procedure. The two main comparisons were topical antibiotic and steroid compared to a) placebo or no intervention and b) another topical antibiotic. Data collection and analysis We used the standard Cochrane methodological procedures. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Our primary outcomes were: resolution of ear discharge or 'dry ear' (whether otoscopically confirmed or not), measured at between one week and up to two weeks, two weeks to up to four weeks and after four weeks; health‐related quality of life; ear pain (otalgia) or discomfort or local irritation. Secondary outcomes included hearing, serious complications and ototoxicity. Main results We included 17 studies addressing 11 treatment comparisons. A total of 1901 participants were included, with one study (40 ears) not reporting the number of participants recruited, which we therefore could not account for. No studies reported health‐related quality of life. The main comparisons were: 1. Topical antibiotics with steroids versus placebo or no treatment Three studies (210 participants) compared a topical antibiotic‐steroid to saline or no treatment. Resolution of discharge was not reported at between one to two weeks. One study (50 'high‐risk' children) reported results at more than four weeks by ear and we could not adjust the results to by person. The study reported that 58% (of 41 ears) resolved with topical antibiotics compared with 50% (of 26 ears) with no treatment, but the evidence is very uncertain. One study (123 participants) noted minor side effects in 16% of participants in both the intervention and placebo groups (very low‐certainty evidence). One study (123 participants) reported no change in bone‐conduction hearing thresholds and reported no difference in tinnitus or balance problems between groups (very low‐certainty evidence). One study (50 participants) reported serious complications, but it was not clear which group these patients were from, or whether the complications occurred pre‐ or post‐treatment. One study (123 participants) reported that no side effects occurred in any participants (very low‐certainty evidence). 2. Topical antibiotics with steroids versus topical antibiotics (same antibiotics) only Four studies (475 participants) were included in this comparison. Three studies (340 participants) compared topical antibiotic‐steroid combinations to topical antibiotics alone. The evidence suggests little or no difference in resolution of discharge at one to two weeks: 82.7% versus 76.6% (risk ratio (RR) 1.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.96 to 1.21; 335 participants; 3 studies (4 study arms); low‐certainty evidence). No results for resolution of discharge after four weeks were reported. One study (110 participants) reported local itchiness but as there was only one episode in each group it is uncertain whether there is a difference (very low‐certainty evidence). Three studies (395 participants) investigated suspected ototoxicity but it was not possible to determine whether there were differences between the groups for this outcome (very low‐certainty evidence). No study reported serious complications. 3. Topical antibiotics with steroids compared to topical antibiotics alone (different antibiotics) Nine studies (981 participants plus 40 ears) evaluated a range of comparisons of topical non‐quinolone antibiotic‐steroid combinations versus topical quinolone antibiotics alone. Resolution of discharge may be greater with quinolone topical antibiotics alone at between one to two weeks compared with non‐quinolone topical antibiotics with steroids: 82.1% versus 63.2% (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.84; 7 studies; 903 participants, low‐certainty evidence). Results for resolution of ear discharge after four weeks were not reported. One study (52 participants) reported usable data on ear pain, two studies (419 participants) reported hearing outcomes and one study (52 participants) reported balance problems. It was not possible to determine whether there were significant differences between the groups for these outcomes (very low‐certainty evidence). Two studies (149 participants) reported no serious complications (very low‐certainty evidence). Authors' conclusions We are uncertain about the effectiveness of topical antibiotics with steroids in improving the resolution of ear discharge in patients with CSOM because of the limited amount of low‐certainty evidence available. Amongst this uncertainty, we found no evidence that the addition of steroids to topical antibiotics affects the resolution of ear discharge. There is also low‐certainty evidence that some types of topical antibiotics (without steroids) may be better than topical antibiotic/steroid combinations in improving resolution of discharge. There is also uncertainty about the relative effectiveness of different types of antibiotics; it is not possible to determine with any certainty whether or not quinolones are better or worse than aminoglycosides. These two groups of compounds have different adverse effect profiles, but there is insufficient evidence from the included studies to make any comment about these. In general, adverse effects were poorly reported. Plain language summary Benefits and risks of combining antibiotics and steroids as drops, sprays, ointments or creams to treat chronic suppurative otitis media (persistent or recurring ear infection with discharge) Why this is important Chronic suppurative otitis media (CSOM) is an inflammation and infection of the middle ear that lasts for two weeks or more. People with CSOM usually experience recurrent or persistent ear discharge – pus that leaks out from a hole in the eardrum – and hearing loss. CSOM is commonly treated with a combination of antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections) and steroids (anti‐inflammation medicines) as a topical treatment (that is, in the form of drops, sprays, ointments or creams put directly into the ear). To find out how effective this combination is, and whether it causes unwanted effects, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How we identified and assessed the evidence We searched for all relevant studies in the medical literature, compared the results and summarised the evidence from all the studies. We also assessed how certain the evidence was, considering factors such as study size and the way studies were conducted. Based on our assessments, we categorised the evidence as being of very low, low, moderate or high certainty. What we found We found 17 studies on over 1901 people with CSOM. People were followed for between 10 days and 20 weeks after treatment was completed. The studies covered a range of antibiotic plus steroid combinations, and compared them with either no treatment, a fake treatment (placebo), the same antibiotic without steroids or different antibiotics without steroids. Here we report findings from the three main comparisons: Topical antibiotics plus steroids compared against placebo (fake treatment) or no treatment (three studies, 210 people) We do not know whether antibiotics plus steroids are better or worse than placebo or no treatment for: ‐ stopping ear discharge at three time points (one to two weeks; two to four weeks; or after four weeks); or ‐ hearing; or ‐ causing unwanted effects (such as ear pain or serious complications). This is because either no studies considered these outcomes or the evidence was of very low certainty. Topical antibiotics plus steroids compared against the same topical antibiotic used alone  (four studies, 475 people) Topical antibiotics plus steroids may make little or no difference to stopping ear discharge after one to two weeks (low‐certainty evidence). We do not know whether antibiotics plus steroids are better or worse than the same topical antibiotic used alone for: ‐ stopping ear discharge at three time points (one to two weeks; two to four weeks; or after four weeks); or ‐ hearing; or ‐ causing unwanted effects (such as ear pain or serious complications). This is because either no studies considered these outcomes or the evidence was of very low certainty. Topical antibiotics other than quinolones (a family of antibiotics) plus steroids compared to topical quinolone antibiotics used alone (nine studies, at least 981 people plus an additional 40 ears) Non‐quinolone antibiotics plus steroids may not be as effective as quinolone antibiotics used alone at stopping ear discharge after one to two weeks (low‐certainty evidence). We do not know whether non‐quinolone antibiotics plus steroids are better or worse for: ‐ stopping ear discharge at three time points (one to two weeks; two to four weeks; or after four weeks); or ‐ hearing; or ‐ causing unwanted effects (such as ear pain or serious complications). This is because either no studies considered these outcomes or the evidence was of very low certainty. Across the different comparisons, no studies reported on health‐related quality of life. What this means Steroids combined with non‐quinolone antibiotics may not be as good as quinolone antibiotics alone to stop ear discharge after one to two weeks (low‐certainty evidence). Too few robust studies have been conducted for us to know whether: ‐ topical antibiotics plus steroids are better or worse than no treatment or a placebo; ‐ adding steroids to a topical antibiotic affects the antibiotic's effectiveness or has an impact on unwanted effects. How‐up‐to date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to March 2020.
 Neuromodulators for pain management in rheumatoid arthritis;  Abstract - Background Pain management is a high priority for patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Despite deficiencies in research data, neuromodulators have gained widespread clinical acceptance as adjuvants in the management of patients with chronic musculoskeletal pain. Objectives The aim of this review was to determine the efficacy and safety of neuromodulators in pain management in patients with RA. Neuromodulators included in this review were anticonvulsants (gabapentin, pregabalin, phenytoin, sodium valproate, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, tiagabine and topiramate), ketamine, bupropion, methylphenidate, nefopam, capsaicin and the cannabinoids. Search methods We performed a computer‐assisted search of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) ( The Cochrane Library  2010, 4th quarter), MEDLINE (1950 to week 1 November 2010), EMBASE (Week 44, 2010) and PsycINFO (1806 to week 2 November 2010). We also searched the 2008 and 2009 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) and European League against Rheumatism (EULAR) conference abstracts and performed a handsearch of reference lists of articles. Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials which compared any neuromodulator to another therapy (active or placebo, including non‐pharmacological therapies) in adult patients with RA that had at least one clinically relevant outcome measure. Data collection and analysis Two blinded review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias in the trials. Meta‐analyses were used to examine the efficacy of a neuromodulator on pain, depression and function as well as their safety. Main results Four trials with high risk of bias were included in this review. Two trials evaluated oral nefopam (52 participants) and one trial each evaluated topical capsaicin (31 participants) and oromucosal cannabis (58 participants). The pooled analyses identified a significant reduction in pain levels favouring nefopam over placebo (weighted mean difference (WMD) ‐21.16, 95% CI ‐35.61 to ‐6.71; number needed to treat (NNT) 2, 95% CI 1.4 to 9.5) after two weeks. There were insufficient data to assess withdrawals due to adverse events. Nefopam was associated with significantly more adverse events (RR 4.11, 95% CI 1.58 to 10.69; NNTH 9, 95% CI 2 to 367), which were predominantly nausea and sweating. In a mixed population trial, qualitative analysis of patients with RA showed a significantly greater reduction in pain favouring topical capsaicin over placebo at one and two weeks (MD ‐23.80, 95% CI ‐44.81 to ‐2.79; NNT 3, 95% CI 2 to 47; MD ‐34.40, 95% CI ‐54.66 to ‐14.14; NNT 2, 95% CI 1.4 to 6 respectively). No separate safety data were available for patients with RA, however 44% of patients developed burning at the site of application and 2% withdrew because of this. One small, low quality trial assessed oromucosal cannabis against placebo and found a small, significant difference favouring cannabis in the verbal rating score 'pain at present' (MD ‐0.72, 95% CI ‐1.31 to ‐0.13) after five weeks. Patients receiving cannabis were significantly more likely to suffer an adverse event (risk ratio (RR) 1.82, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.00; NNTH 3, 95% CI 3 to 13). These were most commonly dizziness (26%), dry mouth (13%) and light headedness (10%). Authors' conclusions There is currently weak evidence that oral nefopam, topical capsaicin and oromucosal cannabis are all superior to placebo in reducing pain in patients with RA. However, each agent is associated with a significant side effect profile. The confidence in our estimates is not strong given the difficulties with blinding, the small numbers of participants evaluated and the lack of adverse event data. In some patients, however, even a small degree of pain relief may be considered worthwhile. Until further research is available, given the relatively mild nature of the adverse events, capsaicin could be considered as an add‐on therapy for patients with persistent local pain and inadequate response or intolerance to other treatments. Oral nefopam and oromucosal cannabis have more significant side effect profiles however and the potential harms seem to outweigh any modest benefit achieved. Plain language summary Neuromodulators for pain management in rheumatoid arthritis This summary of a Cochrane review presents what we know from research about the effect of neuromodulators on pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The review shows that in people with rheumatoid arthritis ‐ Nefopam, topical capsaicin and oromucosal cannabis may improve pain levels ‐ Oromucosal cannabis may slightly improve sleep ‐ No trials were found that evaluated whether neuromodulators affect functional status, quality of life, withdrawals due to inadequate analgesia or depression We also do not have precise information about serious side effects and complications. Possible side effects of nefopam that were found in the trials include nausea, dry mouth, sweating and feeling tired. However, rare complications have also been reported and include convulsions and cardiac arrhythmias. Common side effects of topical capsaicin therapy include local skin irritation and burning. More serious allergic reactions are rare but have been reported. Possible side effects of oromucosal cannabis found in this review were dizziness, fatigue and loss of balance. Readers should be aware that, although not seen in our review, rarer complications including psychosis and suicidal thoughts have also been reported. What is rheumatoid arthritis and what are neuromodulators? When you have rheumatoid arthritis your immune system, which normally fights infection, attacks the lining of your joints. This makes your joints swollen, stiff and painful. The small joints of your hands and feet are usually affected first. There is no cure for rheumatoid arthritis at present, so the treatments aim to relieve pain and stiffness and improve your ability to move. Neuromodulators are broadly defined as substances which alter the way nerves communicate with each other and, consequently, the overall activity level of the brain. By acting on these nerve signals it is thought that these drugs can reduce the amount of pain felt by an individual. Neuromodulators sometimes used in pain management include the anticonvulsant agents (drugs used to prevent seizures); oral, intramuscular or intravenous ketamine; oral or intravenous nefopam; topical capsaicin, cannabis based medications (oral, oromucosal or inhaled); and more recently intra‐articular botulinum toxin. Best estimate of what happens to people with rheumatoid arthritis who take neuromodulators Oral nefopam Pain (higher scores mean worse or more severe pain) ‐ People who took nefopam rated their pain 21 points lower on a scale of 0 to 100 after 2 weeks treatment with nefopam (21% absolute improvement) ‐ People who took nefopam rated their pain as 18 on a scale of 0 to 100 after 2 weeks ‐ People who took a placebo rated their pain as 39 on a scale of 0 to 100 Total adverse events ‐ 27 more people out of 100 experienced an adverse event after 4 weeks treatment with nefopam (absolute difference 27%). These were predominantly nausea (56%), sweating (44%), insomnia (11%), pruritus (11%) and malaise (11%). They completely settled once treatment was ceased ‐ 35 out of 100 people who took nefopam suffered an adverse event ‐ 8 out of 100 people who took a placebo suffered an adverse event Topical capsaicin Pain (higher scores mean worse or more severe pain) ‐ People who took capsaicin rated their pain 34 points lower on a scale of 0 to 100 after 2 weeks treatment (34% absolute improvement) ‐ People who took capsaicin rated their pain as 14 on a scale of 0 to 100 after 2 weeks ‐ People who took a placebo rated their pain as 48 on a scale of 0 to 100 Adverse events No data Oromucosal cannabis Pain (higher scores mean worse or more severe pain) ‐ People who took oromucosal cannabis rated their pain 0.7 points lower on a scale of 0 to 5 after 5 weeks treatment ‐ People who took oromucosal cannabis rated their pain as 2.6 on a scale of 0 to 5 after 5 weeks ‐ People who took a placebo rated their pain as 3.3 on a scale of 0 to 5 Quality of sleep ‐ People who received oromucosal cannabis rated their sleep 1.2 points better on a scale of 0 to 10 after 5 weeks treatment (12% absolute improvement) ‐ People who received oromucosal cannabis rated their sleep as 4.6 on a scale of 0 to 10 after 5 weeks ‐ People who received a placebo rated their sleep as 3.4 on a scale of 0 to 10 Total adverse events ‐ 27 more people out of 100 experienced an adverse event after 4 weeks treatment with oromucosal cannabis (absolute difference 27%). These were most commonly dizziness (26%), light headedness (10%), dry mouth (13%), nausea (6%) and falls (6%); they completely resolved once treatment was ceased ‐ 35 out of 100 people who took oromucosal cannabis suffered an adverse event ‐ 8 out of 100 people who took a placebo suffered an adverse event We looked at all the published scientific literature and identified four drug trials that evaluated different neuromodulators. Two small studies with a total of 52 patients tested the drug nefopam (which is only available in some parts of the world). One trial each tested capsaicin cream (31 participants) and a cannabis based mouth spray (58 participants). Note: use of medicinal cannabis is illegal and therefore unavailable in most countries. When patients took nefopam they had a greater improvement in pain levels, on average 21 points on a 100 point scale, than those patients who were given a placebo (an inactive substance that has no treatment value). However, patients on nefopam also developed side effects, which mainly consisted of nausea and sweating. Many patients stopped taking the drug because the symptoms were so bad. These studies were performed in the 1980s when treatment for RA was very different to what it is now. Until further, larger studies are carried out to better assess nefopam, with many other effective pain relieving medications on the market, the risks of harm seem to outweigh the benefit arguing against its routine use. In the one small study testing capsaicin cream (0.025%) in patients with persistent knee pain, patients also had better pain relief with capsaicin cream than for those given a placebo cream. On average, patients receiving the active treatment improved by 34 more points (out of 100) than the control group. The most common side effect was a local burning sensation at the site that the cream was applied. This was usually mild but was moderate to severe in a few patients. About 50% of patients who use capsaicin cream on their skin will develop this local burning but only 2 in 100 will stop treatment because of this. The one small study of the cannabis based mouth spray Setivax also showed reduced pain levels in patients, to a small extent. Pain was measured on a 0 to 5 point scale and there was an improvement in patients receiving Setivax of 0.74 points. About one in every three patients taking this medication developed a side effect, which was commonly dizziness (26%), dry mouth (13%) or light headedness (10%). Although this is only one study, weighing up these side effects and the minimal benefit on pain levels, until further trials are carried out we cannot recommend the use of this medication.
 Interventions for bacterial folliculitis and boils (furuncles and carbuncles);  Abstract - Background Bacterial folliculitis and boils are globally prevalent bacterial infections involving inflammation of the hair follicle and the perifollicular tissue. Some folliculitis may resolve spontaneously, but others may progress to boils without treatment. Boils, also known as furuncles, involve adjacent tissue and may progress to cellulitis or lymphadenitis. A systematic review of the best evidence on the available treatments was needed. Objectives To assess the effects of interventions (such as topical antibiotics, topical antiseptic agents, systemic antibiotics, phototherapy, and incision and drainage) for people with bacterial folliculitis and boils. Search methods We searched the following databases up to June 2020: the Cochrane Skin Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase. We also searched five trials registers up to June 2020. We checked the reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews for further relevant trials.  Selection criteria We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed systemic antibiotics; topical antibiotics; topical antiseptics, such as topical benzoyl peroxide; phototherapy; and surgical interventions in participants with bacterial folliculitis or boils. Eligible comparators were active intervention, placebo, or no treatment. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Our primary outcomes were 'clinical cure' and 'severe adverse events leading to withdrawal of treatment'; secondary outcomes were 'quality of life', 'recurrence of folliculitis or boil following completion of treatment', and 'minor adverse events not leading to withdrawal of treatment'. We used GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. Main results We included 18 RCTs (1300 participants). The studies included more males (332) than females (221), although not all studies reported these data. Seventeen trials were conducted in hospitals, and one was conducted in clinics. The participants included both children and adults (0 to 99 years). The studies did not describe severity in detail; of the 232 participants with folliculitis, 36% were chronic. At least 61% of participants had furuncles or boils, of which at least 47% were incised. Duration of oral and topical treatments ranged from 3 days to 6 weeks, with duration of follow‐up ranging from 3 days to 6 months. The study sites included Asia, Europe, and America. Only three trials reported funding, with two funded by industry. Ten studies were at high risk of 'performance bias', five at high risk of 'reporting bias', and three at high risk of 'detection bias'. We did not identify any RCTs comparing topical antibiotics against topical antiseptics, topical antibiotics against systemic antibiotics, or phototherapy against sham light. Eleven trials compared different oral antibiotics. We are uncertain as to whether cefadroxil compared to flucloxacillin (17/21 versus 18/20, risk ratio (RR) 0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.16; 41 participants; 1 study; 10 days of treatment) or azithromycin compared to cefaclor (8/15 versus 10/16, RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.40; 31 participants; 2 studies; 7 days of treatment) differed in clinical cure (both very low‐certainty evidence). There may be little to no difference in clinical cure rate between cefdinir and cefalexin after 17 to 24 days (25/32 versus 32/42, RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.38; 74 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence), and there probably is little to no difference in clinical cure rate between cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor after 7 days (24/46 versus 21/47, RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.78; 93 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). For risk of severe adverse events leading to treatment withdrawal, there may be little to no difference between cefdinir versus cefalexin after 17 to 24 days (1/191 versus 1/200, RR 1.05, 95% CI 0.07 to 16.62; 391 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). There may be an increased risk with cefadroxil compared with flucloxacillin after 10 days (6/327 versus 2/324, RR 2.97, 95% CI 0.60 to 14.62; 651 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence) and cefditoren pivoxil compared with cefaclor after 7 days (2/77 versus 0/73, RR 4.74, 95% CI 0.23 to 97.17; 150 participants; 1 study; low‐certainty evidence). However, for these three comparisons the 95% CI is very wide and includes the possibility of both increased and reduced risk of events. We are uncertain whether azithromycin affects the risk of severe adverse events leading to withdrawal of treatment compared to cefaclor (274 participants; 2 studies; very low‐certainty evidence) as no events occurred in either group after seven days. For risk of minor adverse events, there is probably little to no difference between the following comparisons: cefadroxil versus flucloxacillin after 10 days (91/327 versus 116/324, RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.98; 651 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence) or cefditoren pivoxil versus cefaclor after 7 days (8/77 versus 5/73, RR 1.52, 95% CI 0.52 to 4.42; 150 participants; 1 study; moderate‐certainty evidence). We are uncertain of the effect of azithromycin versus cefaclor after seven days due to very low‐certainty evidence (7/148 versus 4/126, RR 1.26, 95% CI 0.38 to 4.17; 274 participants; 2 studies). The study comparing cefdinir versus cefalexin did not report data for total minor adverse events, but both groups experienced diarrhoea, nausea, and vaginal mycosis during 17 to 24 days of treatment. Additional adverse events reported in the other included studies were vomiting, rashes, and gastrointestinal symptoms such as stomach ache, with some events leading to study withdrawal. Three included studies assessed recurrence following completion of treatment, none of which evaluated our key comparisons, and no studies assessed quality of life. Authors' conclusions We found no RCTs regarding the efficacy and safety of topical antibiotics versus antiseptics, topical versus systemic antibiotics, or phototherapy versus sham light for treating bacterial folliculitis or boils. Comparative trials have not identified important differences in efficacy or safety outcomes between different oral antibiotics for treating bacterial folliculitis or boils. Most of the included studies assessed participants with skin and soft tissue infection which included many disease types, whilst others focused specifically on folliculitis or boils. Antibiotic sensitivity data for causative organisms were often not reported. Future trials should incorporate culture and sensitivity information and consider comparing topical antibiotic with antiseptic, and topical versus systemic antibiotics or phototherapy. Plain language summary What are the benefits and risks of different treatments for bacterial folliculitis and boils (inflammation of the skin around hairs)? Why is this question important? Bacterial folliculitis is an inflammation of the tiny pockets in our skin from which hairs grow (hair follicles). It occurs when bacteria (tiny organisms not visible with the naked eye) infect hair follicles. Bacterial folliculitis typically causes red swelling, with or without a small blister that contains pus. Without treatment, bacterial folliculitis may progress to hard and painful lumps filled with pus, known as boils. These cover several hair follicles, and affect the skin around them. Bacterial folliculitis and boils affect people worldwide, and have an important negative impact on quality of life. Infections typically: ‐ cause unsightly infections on parts of the body visible to others (such as the face and neck); or ‐ develop where skin rubs, causing discomfort and pain (such as armpits and buttocks). A range of treatment options for bacterial folliculitis and boils is available. These include: ‐ antibiotics (medicines that fight bacterial infections). These can be applied to part of the body (locally) in the form of creams (topical antibiotics); or they can be taken by mouth (orally) or given as injections, to treat the whole body (systemic antibiotics); ‐ antiseptics (chemicals applied to the skin to fight infections caused by micro‐organisms, such as bacteria); ‐ light therapy; and ‐ surgery, for example, doctors may make a small cut (incision) in the skin to allow pus to drain out. To find out which treatments work best for bacterial folliculitis and boils, we reviewed the evidence from research studies. How did we identify and evaluate the evidence? First, we searched for randomised controlled studies, in which people were randomly put into one of two or more treatment groups. This makes it less likely that any differences between treatments were actually due to differences in the people who received them (rather than the treatments themselves, which is what we wanted to find out). We then compared the results, and summarised the evidence from all the studies. Finally, we rated our confidence in the evidence, based on factors such as study methods and sizes, and the consistency of findings across studies. What did we find? We found 18 studies that involved a total of 1300 people. People were followed‐up for between one week and three months. Studies were set in Asia, Europe and America. Only three studies reported information about funding: non‐profit organisations funded one study, and pharmaceutical companies funded two studies. The studies compared: ‐ different oral antibiotics (11 studies); ‐ different topical antibiotics (2 studies); ‐ different treatments for wound care after boil incision (2 studies); ‐ different traditional Chinese medicines (1 study); ‐ co‐trimoxazole (antibiotics) with, and without, 8‐methoxypsoralen (a light‐sensitising treatment) followed by exposure to sunlight (1 study); and ‐ penicillin (an antibiotic) with, and without, fire cupping (a form of traditional Chinese medicine) after surgery (1 study). We found no studies that evaluated antiseptics or investigated quality of life or recurrence of bacterial folliculitis or boils. Here we report the findings from four comparisons of different oral antibiotics. Cure The evidence from studies that investigated how successfully different oral antibiotics cured bacterial folliculitis and boils suggests that: ‐ there is probably little to no difference between cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 93 people); ‐ there may be little to no difference between cefdinir and cephalexin (1 study, 74 people). The few studies available did not provide sufficiently robust information to determine if: ‐ cefadroxil is better or worse than flucloxacillin (1 study, 41 people); or ‐ azithromycin is better or worse than cefaclor (2 studies, 31 people). Severe adverse events (such as fever or vomiting) The evidence from studies that compared frequencies of severe adverse events suggests there may be little to no difference between: ‐ cefadroxil and flucloxacillin (1 study, 651 people); ‐ cefdinir and cephalexin (1 study, 391 people); and ‐ cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 150 people). We do not know if azithromycin is associated with more, or fewer, severe adverse events than cefaclor. This is because studies provided insufficiently robust information (2 studies, 274 people). Minor adverse events (such as feeling thirsty or dizzy) The evidence from studies that compared frequencies of minor adverse events suggests there is probably little to no difference between: ‐ cefadroxil and flucloxacillin (1 study, 651 people); and ‐ cefditoren pivoxil and cefaclor (1 study, 150 people). We do not know whether there are more, or fewer, minor adverse events associated with: ‐ cefdinir or cephalexin (1 study, 391 people); or ‐ azithromycin or cefaclor (2 studies, 274 people). This is because studies reported insufficiently robust information. What does this mean? The limited evidence available does not suggest that any one oral antibiotic is better than another for treating bacterial folliculitis and boils. The comparative benefits and risks of other treatments such as antiseptics or light therapy are unclear, because too few studies have investigated this. How up‐to‐date is this review? The evidence in this Cochrane Review is current to June 2020.
 Dressings and topical agents for treating pressure ulcers;  Abstract - Background Pressure ulcers, also known as bedsores, decubitus ulcers and pressure injuries, are localised areas of injury to the skin or the underlying tissue, or both. Dressings are widely used to treat pressure ulcers and promote healing, and there are many options to choose from including alginate, hydrocolloid and protease‐modulating dressings. Topical agents have also been used as alternatives to dressings in order to promote healing. A clear and current overview of all the evidence is required to facilitate decision‐making regarding the use of dressings or topical agents for the treatment of pressure ulcers. Such a review would ideally help people with pressure ulcers and health professionals assess the best treatment options. This review is a network meta‐analysis (NMA) which assesses the probability of complete ulcer healing associated with alternative dressings and topical agents. Objectives To assess the effects of dressings and topical agents for healing pressure ulcers in any care setting. We aimed to examine this evidence base as a whole, determining probabilities that each treatment is the best, with full assessment of uncertainty and evidence quality. Search methods In July 2016 we searched the Cochrane Wounds Specialised Register; the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL); Ovid MEDLINE; Ovid MEDLINE (In‐Process & Other Non‐Indexed Citations); Ovid Embase and EBSCO CINAHL Plus. We also searched clinical trials registries for ongoing and unpublished studies, and scanned reference lists of relevant included studies as well as reviews, meta‐analyses, guidelines and health technology reports to identify additional studies. There were no restrictions with respect to language, date of publication or study setting. Selection criteria Published or unpublished randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the effects of at least one of the following interventions with any other intervention in the treatment of pressure ulcers (Stage 2 or above): any dressing, or any topical agent applied directly to an open pressure ulcer and left in situ. We excluded from this review dressings attached to external devices such as negative pressure wound therapies, skin grafts, growth factor treatments, platelet gels and larval therapy. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently performed study selection, risk of bias assessment and data extraction. We conducted network meta‐analysis using frequentist mega‐regression methods for the efficacy outcome, probability of complete healing. We modelled the relative effectiveness of any two treatments as a function of each treatment relative to the reference treatment (saline gauze). We assumed that treatment effects were similar within dressings classes (e.g. hydrocolloid, foam). We present estimates of effect with their 95% confidence intervals for individual treatments compared with every other, and we report ranking probabilities for each intervention (probability of being the best, second best, etc treatment). We assessed the certainty (quality) of the body of evidence using GRADE for each network comparison and for the network as whole. Main results We included 51 studies (2947 participants) in this review and carried out NMA in a network of linked interventions for the sole outcome of probability of complete healing. The network included 21 different interventions (13 dressings, 6 topical agents and 2 supplementary linking interventions) and was informed by 39 studies in 2127 participants, of whom 783 had completely healed wounds. We judged the network to be sparse: overall, there were relatively few participants, with few events, both for the number of interventions and the number of mixed treatment contrasts; most studies were small or very small. The consequence of this sparseness is high imprecision in the evidence, and this, coupled with the (mainly) high risk of bias in the studies informing the network, means that we judged the vast majority of the evidence to be of low or very low certainty. We have no confidence in the findings regarding the rank order of interventions in this review (very low‐certainty evidence), but we report here a summary of results for some comparisons of interventions compared with saline gauze. We present here only the findings from evidence which we did not consider to be very low certainty, but these reported results should still be interpreted in the context of the very low certainty of the network as a whole. It is not clear whether regimens involving protease‐modulating dressings increase the probability of pressure ulcer healing compared with saline gauze (risk ratio (RR) 1.65, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.92 to 2.94) (moderate‐certainty evidence: low risk of bias, downgraded for imprecision). This risk ratio of 1.65 corresponds to an absolute difference of 102 more people healed with protease modulating dressings per 1000 people treated than with saline gauze alone (95% CI 13 fewer to 302 more). It is unclear whether the following interventions increase the probability of healing compared with saline gauze (low‐certainty evidence): collagenase ointment (RR 2.12, 95% CI 1.06 to 4.22); foam dressings (RR 1.52, 95% CI 1.03 to 2.26); basic wound contact dressings (RR 1.30, 95% CI 0.65 to 2.58) and polyvinylpyrrolidone plus zinc oxide (RR 1.31, 95% CI 0.37 to 4.62); the latter two interventions both had confidence intervals consistent with both a clinically important benefit and a clinically important harm, and the former two interventions each had high risk of bias as well as imprecision. Authors' conclusions A network meta‐analysis (NMA) of data from 39 studies (evaluating 21 dressings and topical agents for pressure ulcers) is sparse and the evidence is of low or very low certainty (due mainly to risk of bias and imprecision). Consequently we are unable to determine which dressings or topical agents are the most likely to heal pressure ulcers, and it is generally unclear whether the treatments examined are more effective than saline gauze. More research is needed to determine whether particular dressings or topical agents improve the probability of healing of pressure ulcers. The NMA is uninformative regarding which interventions might best be included in a large trial, and it may be that research is directed towards prevention, leaving clinicians to decide which treatment to use on the basis of wound symptoms, clinical experience, patient preference and cost. Plain language summary Which dressings or topical agents are the most effective for healing pressure ulcers? Dressings and topical agents for treating pressure ulcers Review question We reviewed the evidence about the effects of dressings and topical agents (such as ointments, creams and gels) on pressure ulcer healing. There are many different dressings and topical agents available, and we wanted to find out which were the most effective. Background Pressure ulcers, also known as bedsores, decubitus ulcers and pressure injuries, are wounds involving the skin and sometimes the tissue that lies underneath. Pressure ulcers can be painful, may become infected and affect people's quality of life. People at risk of developing pressure ulcers include those with limited mobility ‐ such as older people and people with short‐term or long‐term medical conditions ‐ and people with spinal cord injuries. In 2004 the total yearly cost of treating pressure ulcers in the UK was estimated as being GBP 1.4 to 2.1 billion, which was equivalent to 4% of the total National Health Service expenditure. Topical agents such as ointments, creams or gels are applied to unhealed pressure ulcers and left in place to treat the wound; they may be covered with a dressing. Some of these treatments have been compared with each other in trials, usually comparing two treatments at a time. We used a method called 'network meta‐analysis' to bring together all the trial results of different treatments in a reliable way. We hoped that this method, which compares all treatment options, would help us find out which was the best treatment for healing pressure ulcers. Study characteristics In July 2016 we searched for randomised controlled trials looking at dressings and topical agents for treating pressure ulcers and that gave results for complete wound healing. We found 51 studies involving a total of 2947 people. Thirty‐nine of these studies, involving 2127 people, gave results we could bring together in a network meta‐analysis comparing 21 different treatments. Most participants in the trials were older people; three of the 39 trials involved participants with spinal cord injuries. Key results Generally, the studies we found did not have many participants and results were often inconclusive. This problem carried over into the network meta‐analysis and made the findings unclear. As a result, it was unclear whether one topical agent or dressing was better than another. Some findings for individual comparisons may be slightly more reliable. Protease‐modulating dressings, foam dressings or collagenase ointment may be better at healing than gauze; but even this evidence is not certain enough to be an adequate guide for treatment choices. Certainty of the evidence We judged the certainty of the evidence to be very low or low. The next step might be to do more research of better quality to see which dressings or topical agents could best heal pressure ulcers. This plain language summary is up to date as of July 2016.
 Topical antifungal treatments for tinea cruris and tinea corporis;  Abstract - Background Tinea infections are fungal infections of the skin caused by dermatophytes. It is estimated that 10% to 20% of the world population is affected by fungal skin infections. Sites of infection vary according to geographical location, the organism involved, and environmental and cultural differences. Both tinea corporis, also referred to as 'ringworm' and tinea cruris or 'jock itch' are conditions frequently seen by primary care doctors and dermatologists. The diagnosis can be made on clinical appearance and can be confirmed by microscopy or culture. A wide range of topical antifungal drugs are used to treat these superficial dermatomycoses, but it is unclear which are the most effective. Objectives To assess the effects of topical antifungal treatments in tinea cruris and tinea corporis. Search methods We searched the following databases up to 13th August 2013: the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Register, CENTRAL in  The Cochrane Library  (2013, Issue 7), MEDLINE (from 1946), EMBASE (from 1974), and LILACS (from 1982). We also searched five trials registers, and checked the reference lists of included and excluded studies for further references to relevant randomised controlled trials. We handsearched the journal Mycoses from 1957 to 1990. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials in people with proven dermatophyte infection of the body (tinea corporis) or groin (tinea cruris). Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently carried out study selection, data extraction, assessment of risk of bias, and analyses. Main results Of the 364 records identified, 129 studies with 18,086 participants met the inclusion criteria. Half of the studies were judged at high risk of bias with the remainder judged at unclear risk. A wide range of different comparisons were evaluated across the 129 studies, 92 in total, with azoles accounting for the majority of the interventions. Treatment duration varied from one week to two months, but in most studies this was two to four weeks. The length of follow‐up varied from one week to six months. Sixty‐three studies contained no usable or retrievable data mainly due to the lack of separate data for different tinea infections. Mycological and clinical cure were assessed in the majority of studies, along with adverse effects. Less than half of the studies assessed disease relapse, and hardly any of them assessed duration until clinical cure, or participant‐judged cure. The quality of the body of evidence was rated as low to very low for the different outcomes. Data for several outcomes for two individual treatments were pooled. Across five studies, significantly higher clinical cure rates were seen in participants treated with terbinafine compared to placebo (risk ratio (RR) 4.51, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.10 to 6.56, number needed to treat (NNT) 3, 95% CI 2 to 4). The quality of evidence for this outcome was rated as low. Data for mycological cure for terbinafine could not be pooled due to substantial heterogeneity. Mycological cure rates favoured naftifine 1% compared to placebo across three studies (RR 2.38, 95% CI 1.80 to 3.14, NNT 3, 95% CI 2 to 4) with the quality of evidence rated as low. In one study, naftifine 1% was more effective than placebo in achieving clinical cure (RR 2.42, 95% CI 1.41 to 4.16, NNT 3, 95% CI 2 to 5) with the quality of evidence rated as low. Across two studies, mycological cure rates favoured clotrimazole 1% compared to placebo (RR 2.87, 95% CI 2.28 to 3.62, NNT 2, 95% CI 2 to 3). Data for several outcomes were pooled for three comparisons between different classes of treatment. There was no difference in mycological cure between azoles and benzylamines (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.07). The quality of the evidence was rated as low for this comparison. Substantial heterogeneity precluded the pooling of data for mycological and clinical cure when comparing azoles and allylamines. Azoles were slightly less effective in achieving clinical cure compared to azole and steroid combination creams immediately at the end of treatment (RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.84, NNT 6, 95% CI 5 to 13), but there was no difference in mycological cure rate (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.05). The quality of evidence for these two outcomes was rated as low for mycological cure and very low for clinical cure. All of the treatments that were examined appeared to be effective, but most comparisons were evaluated in single studies. There was no evidence for a difference in cure rates between tinea cruris and tinea corporis. Adverse effects were minimal ‐ mainly irritation and burning; results were generally imprecise between active interventions and placebo, and between different classes of treatment. Authors' conclusions The pooled data suggest that the individual treatments terbinafine and naftifine are effective. Adverse effects were generally mild and reported infrequently. A substantial number of the studies were more than 20 years old and of unclear or high risk of bias; there is however, some evidence that other topical antifungal treatments also provide similar clinical and mycological cure rates, particularly azoles although most were evaluated in single studies.There is insufficient evidence to determine if Whitfield’s ointment, a widely used agent is effective. Although combinations of topical steroids and antifungals are not currently recommended in any clinical guidelines, relevant studies included in this review reported higher clinical cure rates with similar mycological cure rates at the end of treatment, but the quality of evidence for these outcomes was rated very low due to imprecision, indirectness and risk of bias. There was insufficient evidence to confidently assess relapse rates in the individual or combination treatments. Although there was little difference between different classes of treatment in achieving cure, some interventions may be more appealing as they require fewer applications and a shorter duration of treatment. Further, high quality, adequately powered trials focusing on patient‐centred outcomes, such as patient satisfaction with treatment should be considered. Plain language summary Treatments applied to the skin for fungal infections of the groin and body Background   Up to 20% of the world's population is affected by fungal skin infections of the groin ('jock' itch, or tinea cruris) or of the body (ringworm, or tinea corporis), which generally appear as red and itchy areas on the skin. Many topical (directly applied to the skin) treatments are available. Review question   Which topical treatments work best for 'jock' itch and ringworm? Study characteristics   We included 129 studies published up to August 2013 which examined 18,086 people. Participants included men and women of any age, although most were between 18 to 70 years old. There was considerable variation in the reporting quality of the studies. A quarter were partially funded by pharmaceutical companies, and it was unclear what impact this may have had on reporting of the results. Most studies appeared to be conducted within dermatology outpatient clinics. A range of treatments were evaluated, mostly in single studies. Most treatments were applied once or twice daily for between two and four weeks. Mycological cure (disappearance of fungal infection); and clinical cure (absence of symptoms such as redness and itchiness); were assessed in the majority of studies, along with side effects. Less than half of the studies assessed disease recurrence and hardly any assessed the time to achieve clinical cure, or whether study participants considered they had been cured. Key results   Almost all treatments were effective at achieving both mycological and clinical cure, compared with placebo. We combined data for several outcomes in two individual treatments: terbinafine against placebo and naftifine against placebo. Both were shown to be effective treatments. We combined data on different groups of treatments. There was no difference in rate of mycological cure between azoles and benzylamines. Combinations of antifungal treatment with a topical corticosteroid achieved higher clinical cure rates, probably because the skin redness disappears sooner due to the effect of the corticosteroid. There was no evidence of any difference in the speed of resolution of fungal infection with these combination treatments. Quality of the evidence   The overall quality of the evidence for the different outcomes was rated as low to very low. There is currently insufficient evidence to be able to decide if one particular treatment is better than any of the others. All the treatments we evaluated reported low rates of mild side effects. This review highlights the need for better quality studies on treatments for fungal skin infections. Despite the limitations of our main findings, it appears that most active treatments are effective and further research should concentrate on comparing active treatments, rather than comparisons with a placebo. Topical treatments that need to be used only once a day over a short period of time may be more appealing in practice. Some of the treatments examined in our review may not be readily available in‐low income countries.
 Breastfeeding education and support for women with twins or higher order multiples;  Abstract - Background There are rising rates of multiple births worldwide with associated higher rates of complications and more hospital care, often due to prematurity. While there is strong evidence about the risks of not breastfeeding, rates of breastfeeding in women who have given birth to more than one infant are lower than with singleton births. Breastfeeding more than one infant can be more challenging because of difficulties associated with the birth or prematurity. The extra demands on the mother of frequent suckling, coordinating the needs of more than one infant or admission to the neonatal intensive care unit can lead to delayed initiation or early cessation. Additional options such as breast milk expression, the use of donor milk or different methods of supplementary feeding may be considered. Support and education about breastfeeding has been found to improve the duration of any breastfeeding for healthy term infants and their mothers, however evidence is lacking about interventions that are effective to support women with twins or higher order multiples. Objectives To assess effectiveness of breastfeeding education and support for women with twins or higher order multiples. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 June 2016),  ClinicalTrials.gov  (30 June 2016), the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform ( ICTRP ) (1 July 2016), the excluded studies list from the equivalent Cochrane review of singletons, and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised or quasi‐randomised trials comparing extra education or support for women with twins or higher order multiples were included. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We planned to assess the quality of evidence using the GRADE approach, but were unable to analyse any data. Main results We found 10 trials (23 reports) of education and support for breastfeeding that included women with twins or higher order multiples. The quality of evidence was mixed, and the risk of bias was mostly high or unclear. It is difficult to blind women or staff to group allocation for this intervention, so in all studies there was high risk of performance and high or unclear risk of detection bias. Trials recruited 5787 women (this included 512 women interviewed as part of a cluster randomised trial); of these, data were available from two studies for 42 women with twins or higher order multiples. None of the interventions were specifically designed for women with more than one infant, and the outcomes for multiples were not reported separately for each infant. Due to the scarcity of evidence and the format in which data were reported, a narrative description of the data is presented, no analyses are presented in this review, and we were unable to GRADE the evidence. The two trials with data for women with multiple births compared home nurse visits versus usual care (15 women), and telephone peer counselling versus usual care (27 women). The number of women who  initiated breastfeeding  was reported (all 15 women in one study, 25 out of 27 women in one study).  Stopping any breastfeeding before four to six weeks postpartum, stopping exclusive breastfeeding before four to six weeks postpartum, stopping any breastfeeding before six months postpartum  and stopping exclusive breastfeeding before six months postpartum  were not explicitly reported, and there were insufficient data to draw any meaningful conclusions from survival data. Stopping breast milk expression before four to six weeks postpartum,  and stopping breast milk expression before six months postpartum  were not reported. Measures of maternal satisfaction were reported  in one study of 15 women, but there were insufficient data to draw any conclusions; no other secondary outcomes were reported for women with multiple births in either study. No adverse events were reported. Authors' conclusions We found no evidence from randomised controlled trials about the effectiveness of breastfeeding education and support for women with twins or higher order multiples, or the most effective way to provide education and support . There was no evidence about the best way to deliver the intervention, the timing of care, or the best person to deliver the care. There is a need for well‐designed, adequately powered studies of interventions designed for women with twins or higher order multiples to find out what types of education and support are effective in helping these mothers to breastfeed their babies. Plain language summary Breastfeeding education and support for women with multiple pregnancies What is the issue? Breastfeeding has many benefits that include protecting the baby against inflammatory diseases of the gut, lungs or ears, and longer term health problems such as diabetes and obesity, improved cognitive outcomes, and protecting the mother against breast cancer. Rates of breastfeeding are lower in women who have given birth to more than one baby than for women who have a single baby. However, there are challenges to overcome in breastfeeding multiples (twins, triplets or more). Education and support have been found to increase the number of women who start breastfeeding and improve the duration of any breastfeeding for single healthy term babies. This education and support may come from lay workers or from health professionals. It could be given in preparation for birth or once the babies arrive. Mothers who have more than one baby have many additional challenges to overcome to breastfeed their babies and they may need additional advice and support. They have extra demands of frequent suckling, coordinating the potentially differing needs of more than one baby, or the need to express milk and to feed different babies by different feeding methods. The mothers have a greater likelihood of giving birth preterm and their babies being admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, which can lead to delayed starting or early stopping of breastfeeding. Why is this important? Breastfeeding helps babies’ health and development. Giving birth to more than one baby poses additional challenges for a mother planning to breastfeed. The mothers are also more likely to have to consider options such as breast milk expression, the use of donor milk or fortification of the milk and different methods of supplementary feeding. Some mothers may prefer feeding expressed breast milk because they can be certain about the volume of milk being fed and as a way of allowing others to assist with feeding. We wanted to find out if education and support helps mothers of multiples to breastfeed. What evidence did we find? We searched for randomised controlled trials on 30 June 2016 and 1 July 2016 and found 10 studies (23 reports) to include in our review. All the studies were of education and support for all mothers, not just those giving birth to more than one baby, which introduced methodological issues for looking specifically at multiple births. Trials recruited 5787 women (this included 512 women interviewed as part of a cluster randomised trial). The number of babies from multiple pregnancies was small and none of the studies had sufficient numbers to provide information about how interventions worked for mothers of multiples. There were several problems with how the studies had been done, including women knowing if they were in the group getting support. The authors of two of the studies sent us their findings for women with multiple births (42 women in total). The trials compared home nurse visits versus usual care (15 women), and telephone peer counselling versus usual care (27 women). They looked at the number of women stopping any or exclusive breastfeeding before four weeks after giving birth and before six months, without any clear improvements provided by the intervention. All 15 women in one study and 25 out of 27 women in the other had started breastfeeding. There was no information on breast milk expression. Other outcome measures were reported, including a measure of maternal satisfaction in one study of 15 women, but there were not sufficient numbers to allow us to draw any conclusions. No adverse events were reported. What does this mean? We could not draw conclusions from the evidence available from randomised controlled trials about whether education and support helps mothers of multiples to breastfeed. None of the studies were designed to offer tailored support or education to women who give birth to more than one baby. More research is needed to find out what types of education and support could help mothers of multiples to breastfeed their babies. Data from these studies should be presented and analysed in an appropriate way for multiple babies.
 Dietary modifications for infantile colic;  Abstract - Background Infantile colic is typically defined as full‐force crying for at least three hours per day, on at least three days per week, for at least three weeks. Colic appears to be more frequent in the first six weeks of life (prevalence range of 17% to 25%), depending on the specific location reported and definitions used, and usually resolves by three months. The aetiopathogenesis of infantile colic is unclear but most likely multifactorial. A number of psychological, behavioural and biological components (food hypersensitivity, allergy or both; gut microflora and dysmotility) are thought to contribute to it. The role of diet as a component in infantile colic remains controversial. Objectives To assess the effects of dietary modifications for reducing colic in infants less than four months of age. Search methods In July 2018 we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, 17 other databases and 2 trials registers. We also searched Google, checked references and contacted study authors. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi‐RCTs evaluating the effects of dietary modifications, alone or in combination, for colicky infants younger than four months of age versus another intervention or placebo. We used specific definitions for colic, age of onset and the methods for performing the intervention. We defined 'modified diet' as any diet altered to include or exclude certain components. Data collection and analysis We used standard Cochrane methodological procedures. Our primary outcome was duration of crying, and secondary outcomes were response to intervention, frequency of crying episodes, parental/family quality of life, infant sleep duration, parental satisfaction and adverse effects. Main results We included 15 RCTs involving 1121 infants aged 2 to 16 weeks. All studies were small and at high risk of bias across multiple design factors (e.g. selection, attrition). The studies covered a wide range of dietary interventions, and there was no scope for meta‐analysis. Using GRADE, we assessed the quality of the evidence as very low. No study reported on parental or family quality of life, infant sleep duration per 24 h, or parental satisfaction. Low‐allergen maternal diet versus a diet containing potential allergens : one study (90 infants) found that 35/47 (74%) of infants responded (reduction in cry/fuss duration of 25%) to a low‐allergen maternal diet, compared with 16/43 (37%) of infants with a maternal diet containing potential allergens (37% difference; 95% confidence interval (CI) 18 to 56; P < 0.001). Low‐allergen diet or soy milk formula versus standard diet or cow's milk formula and dicyclomine hydrochloride : one study (120 infants) found that 10/15 (66.6%) breastfed babies responded to dicyclomine hydrochloride and a normal diet, compared with 10/16 (62.5%) on a low‐allergen diet, while 24/45 (53.3%) standard formula‐fed babies taking dicyclomine hydrochloride improved compared with 29/44 (65.9%) on soy milk formula. Response was defined as a reduction of crying to less than one hour per day after 48 hours of treatment, with remission persisting for one month. Hydrolysed formula versus standard formula : one study (43 infants) reported that the number of infants who responded to the intervention (cried for less than 3 hours per day on at least 3 days a week) was 8/23 in the whey hydrolysate group versus 5/20 in the standard formula group (χ 2  using yate's correction = 0.20, P = 0.65). The same study (43 infants) reported a greater reduction in crying time postintervention with hydrolysed formula (104 min/d, 95% CI 55 to 155) than with standard formula (3 min/d, 95% CI −63 to 67); difference = 101 min/d, 95% CI 25 to 179; P = 0.02). The author confirmed there were no adverse effects. Hydrolysed formula or dairy‐ and soy‐free maternal diet versus standard diet/formula and parental education or counselling : one study (21 infants) found that crying time decreased to 2.03 h/d (SD 1.03) in the hydrolysed or dairy‐ and soy‐free maternal diet group compared with 1.08 h/d (SD 0.7) in the parent education or counselling group, nine days postintervention. Partially hydrolysed, lower lactose, whey‐based formulae containing oligosaccharide versus standard formula with simethicone : one study (267 infants) found both groups experienced decreased colic episodes after seven days (partially hydrolysed formula: from 5.99 episodes (SD 1.84) to 2.47 episodes (SD 1.94); standard formula: from 5.41 episodes (SD 1.88) to 3.72 episodes (SD 1.98)); 95% CI 95% −0.7 to −1.8; P < 0.001). This difference was significant after two weeks (partially hydrolysed: 1.76 episodes (SD 1.60); standard formula: 3.32 episodes (SD 2.06); P < 0.001). The study author confirmed there were no adverse effects. Lactase enzyme supplementation versus placebo : three studies (138 infants) assessed this comparison, but they are cross‐over trials that did not report data from before washout. There were no adverse effects in any of the studies. Extract of  Foeniculum vulgare, Matricariae recutita , and  Melissa officinalis  versus placebo : one study (93 infants) found that average daily crying time was lower for infants given the extract (76.9 min/d (SD 23.5), than infants given placebo (169.9 min/d (SD 23.1) at the end of the one‐week study (95% CI −102.89 to −83.11; P < 0.01). There were no adverse effects. Soy protein‐based formula versus standard cows' milk protein‐based formula : one study (19 infants) reported a mean crying time of 12.7 h/week (SD 16.4) in the soy formula group versus 17.3 h/week (SD 6.9) in the standard cows' milk group, and that 5/10 (50%) responded in the soy formula group versus 0/9 (0%) in the standard cows' milk group. Soy protein formula with polysaccharide versus standard soy protein formula : one cross‐over study (27 infants) assessed this comparison but did not provide disaggregated data for the pre‐wash‐out data. Authors' conclusions Currently, evidence of the effectiveness of dietary modifications for the treatment of infantile colic is sparse and at significant risk of bias. The few available studies had small sample sizes, and most had serious limitations. There were insufficient studies, making the use of meta‐analysis unfeasable. Benefits reported for hydrolysed formulas were inconsistent. Based on available evidence, we are unable to recommend any intervention. Future studies of single interventions, using clinically significant outcome measures, and appropriate design and power are needed. Plain language summary Diet changes for infant colic Review question Do colicky infants show an improvement when breastfeeding mothers follow a low‐allergen diet, or when formula‐fed infants are fed a special formula? Background Infantile colic is a common problem afflicting otherwise healthy infants in the first three months of life. It is characterised by episodes of inconsolable crying lasting for longer than three hours per day, for more than three days a week, for at least three weeks. It can be very distressing for parents. Dietary changes, such as removing cows' milk from a breastfeeding mother's diet or switching formula‐fed babies to a special soy‐based formula, might reduce the symptoms of colic. Study characteristics We found 15 randomised controlled trials, a type of study in which participants are randomly assigned to one of two or more treatment groups, involving a total of 1121 babies with colic. The evidence is current to July 2018. Infants (balanced between boys and girls) were less than three months of age. Key results Most studies reported data on a combination of outcomes: duration of crying, number of responders in each group after treatment (i.e. those who experienced a decrease in daily crying), or frequency of crying episodes. We present these findings below. No study reported on parental or family quality of life, infant sleep or parental satisfaction. Six studies reported that there were no side effects as a result of the dietary changes. Low‐allergen diet One study (90 infants) found that more breastfed infants responded to a low‐allergen maternal diet than infants on a standard diet containing known potential allergens. Another study (120 infants) found little difference in breastfed infants whose mothers were given a low‐allergen diet (10/16, 62.5%) and formula‐fed babies who were given soy milk (29/44, 65.9%), but the researchers did find that breastfed babies responded more to dicyclomine hydrochloride (a tablet for treating stomach spasms) than formula‐fed babies. Hydrolysed formula milk One study (43 infants) found no clear difference in resolving symptoms of colic between the hydrolysed (hypoallergenic) and standard cow's milk groups. They also reported a greater reduction in crying time at study end in infants who were given hydrolysed, and reported no adverse effects. A third study (21 infants) reported that infants whose parents were given information and support experienced a more rapid reduction in crying time than infants who were given a hydrolysed formula or dairy‐ and soy‐free diet (within nine days). A fourth study (267 infants) found that both partially hydrolysed formula with oligosaccharides (carbohydrates) and a standard formula with simethicone (a drug for treating symptoms of gas) reduced colic episodes after seven days, but effects were greater in the hydrolysed plus oligosaccharides group after two weeks. The study author confirmed there were no adverse effects. Lactase enzyme supplementation Three studies (138 infants) tested the effect of adding lactase (an enzyme which helps break down the lactose (sugar) in milk) to the infants' milk. There were no adverse effects in any of the studies. Fennel, chamomile and lemon balm extract One study (93 infants) found that average daily crying time in breastfed babies reduced within one week of treatment with a fennel, chamomile and lemon balm extract. There were no adverse effects. Soy protein‐based formula One study (19 infants) found that, compared with cows' milk formula, soy formula reduced crying time and increased the number of responders. However, international guidance does not support the use of soy milk due to concerns that they can impact hormones in babies, so these results are not relevant. Quality of the evidence Many of the studies included only small numbers of participants and were of poor quality. We did not find evidence of effectiveness for most dietary interventions. Where studies did report some benefit, this was not large enough to be meaningful. Conclusions Based on the available evidence, we are not able to recommend any of the dietary modifications assessed in this review.
 Environmental interventions to reduce the consumption of sugar‐sweetened beverages and their effects on health;  Abstract - Background Frequent consumption of excess amounts of sugar‐sweetened beverages (SSB) is a risk factor for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and dental caries. Environmental interventions, i.e. interventions that alter the physical or social environment in which individuals make beverage choices, have been advocated as a means to reduce the consumption of SSB. Objectives To assess the effects of environmental interventions (excluding taxation) on the consumption of sugar‐sweetened beverages and sugar‐sweetened milk, diet‐related anthropometric measures and health outcomes, and on any reported unintended consequences or adverse outcomes. Search methods We searched 11 general, specialist and regional databases from inception to 24 January 2018. We also searched trial registers, reference lists and citations, scanned websites of relevant organisations, and contacted study authors. Selection criteria We included studies on interventions implemented at an environmental level, reporting effects on direct or indirect measures of SSB intake, diet‐related anthropometric measures and health outcomes, or any reported adverse outcome. We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), non‐randomised controlled trials (NRCTs), controlled before‐after (CBA) and interrupted‐time‐series (ITS) studies, implemented in real‐world settings with a combined length of intervention and follow‐up of at least 12 weeks and at least 20 individuals in each of the intervention and control groups. We excluded studies in which participants were administered SSB as part of clinical trials, and multicomponent interventions which did not report SSB‐specific outcome data. We excluded studies on the taxation of SSB, as these are the subject of a separate Cochrane Review. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently screened studies for inclusion, extracted data and assessed the risks of bias of included studies. We classified interventions according to the NOURISHING framework, and synthesised results narratively and conducted meta‐analyses for two outcomes relating to two intervention types. We assessed our confidence in the certainty of effect estimates with the GRADE framework as very low, low, moderate or high, and presented ‘Summary of findings’ tables. Main results We identified 14,488 unique records, and assessed 1030 in full text for eligibility. We found 58 studies meeting our inclusion criteria, including 22 RCTs, 3 NRCTs, 14 CBA studies, and 19 ITS studies, with a total of 1,180,096 participants. The median length of follow‐up was 10 months. The studies included children, teenagers and adults, and were implemented in a variety of settings, including schools, retailing and food service establishments. We judged most studies to be at high or unclear risk of bias in at least one domain, and most studies used non‐randomised designs. The studies examine a broad range of interventions, and we present results for these separately. Labelling interventions  (8 studies): We found moderate‐certainty evidence that traffic‐light labelling is associated with decreasing sales of SSBs, and low‐certainty evidence that nutritional rating score labelling is associated with decreasing sales of SSBs. For menu‐board calorie labelling reported effects on SSB sales varied. Nutrition standards in public institutions  (16 studies): We found low‐certainty evidence that reduced availability of SSBs in schools is associated with decreased SSB consumption. We found very low‐certainty evidence that improved availability of drinking water in schools and school fruit programmes are associated with decreased SSB consumption. Reported associations between improved availability of drinking water in schools and student body weight varied. Economic tools  (7 studies): We found moderate‐certainty evidence that price increases on SSBs are associated with decreasing SSB sales. For price discounts on low‐calorie beverages reported effects on SSB sales varied. Whole food supply interventions  (3 studies): Reported associations between voluntary industry initiatives to improve the whole food supply and SSB sales varied. Retail and food service interventions  (7 studies): We found low‐certainty evidence that healthier default beverages in children’s menus in chain restaurants are associated with decreasing SSB sales, and moderate‐certainty evidence that in‐store promotion of healthier beverages in supermarkets is associated with decreasing SSB sales. We found very low‐certainty evidence that urban planning restrictions on new fast‐food restaurants and restrictions on the number of stores selling SSBs in remote communities are associated with decreasing SSB sales. Reported associations between promotion of healthier beverages in vending machines and SSB intake or sales varied. Intersectoral approaches  (8 studies): We found moderate‐certainty evidence that government food benefit programmes with restrictions on purchasing SSBs are associated with decreased SSB intake. For unrestricted food benefit programmes reported effects varied. We found moderate‐certainty evidence that multicomponent community campaigns focused on SSBs are associated with decreasing SSB sales. Reported associations between trade and investment liberalisation and SSB sales varied. Home‐based interventions  (7 studies): We found moderate‐certainty evidence that improved availability of low‐calorie beverages in the home environment is associated with decreased SSB intake, and high‐certainty evidence that it is associated with decreased body weight among adolescents with overweight or obesity and a high baseline consumption of SSBs. Adverse outcomes reported by studies, which may occur in some circumstances, included negative effects on revenue, compensatory SSB consumption outside school when the availability of SSBs in schools is reduced, reduced milk intake, stakeholder discontent, and increased total energy content of grocery purchases with price discounts on low‐calorie beverages, among others. The certainty of evidence on adverse outcomes was low to very low for most outcomes. We analysed interventions targeting sugar‐sweetened milk separately, and found low‐ to moderate‐certainty evidence that emoticon labelling and small prizes for the selection of healthier beverages in elementary school cafeterias are associated with decreased consumption of sugar‐sweetened milk. We found low‐certainty evidence that improved placement of plain milk in school cafeterias is not associated with decreasing sugar‐sweetened milk consumption. Authors' conclusions The evidence included in this review indicates that effective, scalable interventions addressing SSB consumption at a population level exist. Implementation should be accompanied by high‐quality evaluations using appropriate study designs, with a particular focus on the long‐term effects of approaches suitable for large‐scale implementation. Plain language summary Cutting back on sugar‐sweetened beverages: What works? What are sugar‐sweetened beverages? Sugar‐sweetened beverages (SSBs) are cold and hot drinks with added sugar. Common SSBs are non‐diet soft drinks, regular soda, iced tea, sports drinks, energy drinks, fruit punches, sweetened waters, and sweetened tea and coffee. Why are SSBs an important health topic? Research shows that people who drink a lot of SSBs often gain weight. Drinking a lot of SSBs can also increase the risk of diabetes, heart disease, and dental decay. Doctors therefore recommend that children, teenagers and adults drink fewer SSBs. Governments, businesses, schools and workplaces have taken various measures to support healthier beverage choices. What is the aim of this review? We wanted to find out whether the measures taken so far have been successful in helping people to drink fewer SSBs to improve their health. We focused on measures that change the environment in which people make beverage choices. We did not look at studies on educational programmes or on SSB taxes, as these are examined in separate reviews. (We did, however, examine price increases on SSB which were not due to taxes.) We searched for all available studies meeting clearly‐defined criteria to answer this question. This review reflects the state of the evidence up until January 2018. What studies did we find? We found 58 studies, which included more than one million adults, teenagers and children. Most studies lasted about one year, and were done in schools, stores or restaurants. Some studies used methods that are not very reliable. For example, in some studies participants were simply asked how much SSB they drank, which is not very reliable, as people sometimes forget how much SSB they drank. Some of the findings of our review may therefore change when more and better studies become available. What do these studies tell us? We have found some evidence that some of the measures implemented to help people drink fewer SSBs have been successful, including the following: ▪ Labels which are easy to understand, such as traffic‐light labels, and labels which rate the healthfulness of beverages with stars or numbers. ▪ Limits to the availability of SSB in schools (e.g. replacing SSBs with water in school cafeterias). ▪ Price increases on SSBs in restaurants, stores and leisure centres. ▪ Children’s menus in chain restaurants which include healthier beverages as their standard beverage. ▪ Promotion of healthier beverages in supermarkets. ▪ Government food benefits (e.g. food stamps) which cannot be used to buy SSBs. ▪ Community campaigns focused on SSBs. ▪ Measures that improve the availability of low‐calorie beverages at home, e.g. through home deliveries of bottled water and diet beverages. We have also found some evidence that improved availability of drinking water and diet beverages at home can help people lose weight. There are also other measures which may influence how much SSB people drink, but for these the available evidence is less certain. Some, but not all studies found that such measures can have effects which were not intended and which may be negative. Some studies reported that profits of stores and restaurants decreased when the measures were implemented, but other studies showed that profits increased or stayed the same. Children who get free drinking water in schools may drink less milk. Some studies reported that people were unhappy with the measures. We also looked at studies on sugar‐sweetened milk. We found that small prizes for children who chose plain milk in their school cafeteria, as well as emoticon labels, may help children drink less sugar‐sweetened milk. However, this may also drive up the share of milk which is wasted because children choose but do not drink it. What does this mean in practice? Our review shows that measures which change the environment in which people make beverage choices can help people drink less SSB. Based on our findings we suggest that such measures may be used more widely. Government officials, business people and health professionals implementing such measures should work together with researchers to find out more about their effects in the short and long term.
 Nutrition‐specific interventions for preventing and controlling anaemia throughout the life cycle: an overview of systematic reviews;  Abstract - Background Anaemia is a prevalent health problem worldwide. Some types are preventable or controllable with iron supplementation (pills or drops), fortification (sprinkles or powders containing iron added to food) or improvements to dietary diversity and quality (e.g. education or counselling). Objectives To summarise the evidence from systematic reviews regarding the benefits or harms of nutrition‐specific interventions for preventing and controlling anaemia in anaemic or non‐anaemic, apparently healthy populations throughout the life cycle. Methods In August 2020, we searched MEDLINE, Embase and 10 other databases for systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in anaemic or non‐anaemic, apparently healthy populations. We followed Cochrane methodology, extracting GRADE ratings where provided. The primary outcomes were haemoglobin (Hb) concentration, anaemia, and iron deficiency anaemia (IDA); secondary outcomes were iron deficiency (ID), severe anaemia and adverse effects (e.g. diarrhoea, vomiting). Main results We included 75 systematic reviews, 33 of which provided GRADE assessments; these varied between high and very low. Infants (6 to 23 months; 13 reviews) Iron supplementation increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia and IDA in two reviews. Iron fortification of milk or cereals, multiple‐micronutrient powder (MMNP), home fortification of complementary foods, and supplementary feeding increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia in six reviews. In one review, lipid‐based nutrient supplementation (LNS) reduced the risk of anaemia. In another, caterpillar cereal increased Hb levels and reduced IDA prevalence. Food‐based strategies (red meat and fortified cow's milk, beef) showed no evidence of a difference (1 review). Preschool and school‐aged children (2 to 10 years; 8 reviews) Daily or intermittent iron supplementation increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia and ID in two reviews. One review found no evidence of difference in Hb levels, but an increased risk of anaemia and ID for the intermittent regime. All suggested that zinc plus iron supplementation versus zinc alone, multiple‐micronutrient (MMN)‐fortified beverage versus control, and point‐of‐use fortification of food with iron‐containing micronutrient powder (MNP) versus placebo or no intervention may increase Hb levels and reduce the risk of anaemia and ID. Fortified dairy products and cereal food showed no evidence of a difference on the incidence of anaemia (1 review). Adolescent children (11 to 18 years; 4 reviews) Compared with no supplementation or placebo, five types of iron supplementation may increase Hb levels and reduce the risk of anaemia (3 reviews). One review on prevention found no evidence of a difference in anaemia incidence on iron supplementation with or without folic acid, but Hb levels increased. Another suggested that nutritional supplementation and counselling reduced IDA. One review comparing MMN fortification with no fortification observed no evidence of a difference in Hb levels. Non‐pregnant women of reproductive age (19 to 49 years; 5 reviews) Two reviews suggested that iron therapy (oral, intravenous (IV), intramuscular (IM)) increased Hb levels; one showed that iron folic acid supplementation reduced anaemia incidence; and another that daily iron supplementation with or without folic acid or vitamin C increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia and ID. No review reported interventions related to fortification or dietary diversity and quality. Pregnant women of reproductive age (15 to 49 years; 23 reviews) One review apiece suggested that: daily iron supplementation with or without folic acid increased Hb levels in the third trimester or at delivery and in the postpartum period, and reduced the risk of anaemia, IDA and ID in the third trimester or at delivery; intermittent iron supplementation had no effect on Hb levels and IDA, but increased the risk of anaemia at or near term and ID, and reduced the risk of side effects; vitamin A supplementation alone versus placebo, no intervention or other micronutrient might increase maternal Hb levels and reduce the risk of maternal anaemia; MMN with iron and folic acid versus placebo reduced the risk of anaemia; supplementation with oral bovine lactoferrin versus oral ferrous iron preparations increased Hb levels and reduced gastrointestinal side effects; MNP for point‐of‐use fortification of food versus iron and folic acid supplementation might decrease Hb levels at 32 weeks' gestation and increase the risk of anaemia; and LNS versus iron or folic acid and MMN increased the risk of anaemia. Mixed population (all ages; 22 reviews) Iron supplementation versus placebo or control increased Hb levels in healthy children, adults, and elderly people (4 reviews). Hb levels appeared to increase and risk of anaemia and ID decrease in two reviews investigating MMN fortification versus placebo or no treatment, iron fortified flour versus control, double fortified salt versus iodine only fortified salt, and rice fortification with iron alone or in combination with other micronutrients versus unfortified rice or no intervention. Each review suggested that fortified versus non‐fortified condiments or noodles, fortified (sodium iron ethylenediaminetetraacetate; NaFeEDTA) versus non‐fortified soy sauce, and double‐fortified salt versus control salt may increase Hb concentration and reduce the risk of anaemia. One review indicated that Hb levels increased for children who were anaemic or had IDA and received iron supplementation, and decreased for those who received dietary interventions. Another assessed the effects of foods prepared in iron pots, and found higher Hb levels in children with low‐risk malaria status in two trials, but no difference when comparing food prepared in non‐cast iron pots in a high‐risk malaria endemicity mixed population. There was no evidence of a difference for adverse effects. Anaemia and malaria prevalence were rarely reported. No review focused on women aged 50 to 65 years plus or men (19 to 65 years plus). Authors' conclusions Compared to no treatment, daily iron supplementation may increase Hb levels and reduce the risk of anaemia and IDA in infants, preschool and school‐aged children and pregnant and non‐pregnant women. Iron fortification of foods in infants and use of iron pots with children may have prophylactic benefits for malaria endemicity low‐risk populations. In any age group, only a limited number of reviews assessed interventions to improve dietary diversity and quality. Future trials should assess the effects of these types of interventions, and consider the requirements of different populations. Plain language summary Interventions throughout life for the prevention or treatment of anaemia What is the issue? Anaemia (low iron levels in the blood) is a health problem worldwide, caused by nutritional (e.g. nutrient deficiencies) or non‐nutritional (e.g. diseases or genetic disorders) factors. Its health consequences include fatigue, loss of productivity and adverse pregnancy and child outcomes. Why is this important? Iron deficiency (ID) is a common cause of nutritional anaemia, resulting from a lack of iron in the diet or reduced absorption of iron in the body (e.g. components in coffee, tea or cocoa inhibit iron absorption, while beverages and foods high in vitamin C, such as fruits and vegetables, enhance iron absorption). Some types of anaemia are preventable or controllable with iron supplementation (via capsules or drops), fortification (food enriched with sprinkles or powders containing iron) or improvements to diet diversity and quality (e.g. education or counselling). What evidence did we find? Infants (6 to 23 months) Two reviews suggested that iron supplementation increased haemoglobin (Hb) levels, and reduced the risk of anaemia and iron deficiency anaemia (IDA) compared with placebo, no intervention or other interventions. Six reviews suggested that iron fortification of milk or cereals, multiple‐micronutrient powder (MMNP), home fortification of complementary foods and supplementary feeding increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia. In one review apiece, lipid‐based nutrient supplementation (LNS) reduced the risk of anaemia, while caterpillar cereal increased Hb levels and reduced IDA prevalence. Preschool and school‐aged children (2 to 10 years) Two reviews suggested that daily or intermittent (e.g. 1 to 3 times per week) iron supplementation increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia and ID. For daily versus intermittent iron supplementation, one review found no difference in Hb levels, but an increased risk of anaemia and ID for the intermittent regime. One review apiece found higher Hb levels and reduced risk of anaemia and ID for zinc plus iron supplementation versus zinc alone, multiple‐micronutrient (MMN)‐fortified beverages, and point‐of‐use fortification of food with iron‐containing micronutrient powder (MNP). Adolescent children (11 to 18 years) Three reviews for prevention or treatment suggested that intermittent iron supplementation alone or in combination with other micronutrients, iron supplementation with or without folic acid supplementation, or other micronutrient supplementation increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia. One review suggested that nutritional supplementation and counselling reduced IDA. In one review for prevention, iron supplementation with or without folic acid appeared to increase Hb levels but have no effect on the incidence of anaemia. Non‐pregnant women of reproductive age (19 to 49 years) Two reviews suggested that iron therapy (oral, intravenous, intramuscular) increased Hb levels. One review found that intravenous iron increased Hb levels compared with oral iron, and another that daily iron supplementation with or without folic acid or vitamin C increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia and ID. Pregnant women of reproductive age (15 to 49 years) In one review, daily iron supplementation with or without folic acid increased Hb levels in the third trimester or at delivery, and in the postpartum period, and reduced the risk of anaemia, IDA and ID in the third trimester or at delivery. Six reviews suggested that intravenous iron versus oral iron or intramuscular iron increased Hb levels. In one review, vitamin A supplementation alone versus placebo, no intervention or other micronutrient increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia for the mother. One review found that supplementation with oral bovine lactoferrin versus oral ferrous iron preparations increased Hb levels and reduced gastrointestinal side effects. In one review, compared to iron or folic acid and MMNs, LNS increased the risk of anaemia. Mixed population (all ages) Iron supplementation versus placebo or control increased Hb levels in healthy children, adults, and elderly people in four reviews. In two reviews, MMN fortification versus placebo or no treatment increased Hb levels in children, as did iron supplementation, but Hb levels decreased for those receiving dietary interventions. Intravenous iron resulted in higher Hb levels than oral iron in one review. In another, vitamin B 12  or folic acid supplementation did not increase Hb levels. Each review suggested that iron fortification of food, iron‐fortified soy sauce, double‐fortified salt with iron and iodine, and fortified condiments or noodles increased Hb levels and reduced the risk of anaemia. In one review, foods prepared in iron pots showed the potential to increase Hb levels in children. No review focused on older adult women (50 to 65 years plus) or men (19 to 65 years plus), and anaemia and malaria prevalence were rarely reported. What does this mean? Compared to no treatment, daily iron supplementation may increase Hb levels and reduce the risk of anaemia and IDA in infants, preschool and school‐aged children and pregnant and non‐pregnant women. Iron fortification of foods in infants and use of iron pots with children may have benefits for low‐risk populations. Many trials reported the effects of supplementations, but very few reviews focused on fortification or improving diet diversity and quality. Future trials should focus on different types of interventions to increase food variety and dietary quality.
 Iodine fortification of foods and condiments, other than salt, for preventing iodine deficiency disorders;  Abstract - Background Iodine deficiency disorders (IDD) affect close to 1.9 billion people worldwide, and are a major public health concern in many countries. Among children, iodine deficiency is the main cause of potentially preventable deficits of central nervous system development and impairment of cognitive function, as well as goitre and hypothyroidism in people of all ages. Salt iodisation is the preferred strategy for IDD prevention and control, however, in some instances where salt is not the major condiment, alternate vehicles for iodine fortification have been considered. Objectives To assess the effects of fortifying foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings other than salt with iodine alone or in conjunction with other micronutrients, on iodine status and health‐related outcomes in all populations. Search methods Studies were identified through systematic searches of the following databases from their start date to January 2018: Cochrane Public Health Group Specialised Register; CENTRAL; MEDLINE; MEDLINE in Process; Embase; Web of Science; CINAHL; POPLINE; AGRICOLA; BIOSIS; Food Science and Technology Abstracts; OpenGrey; Bibliomap and TRoPHI; AGRIS; IBECS; Scielo; Global Index Medicus‐AFRO and EMRO; LILACS; PAHO; WHOLIS; WPRO; IMSEAR; IndMED; and Native Health Research Database. We also searched reference list of relevant articles, conference proceedings, and databases of ongoing trials, and contacted experts and relevant organisations to identify any unpublished work. We applied no language or date restrictions. Selection criteria Studies were eligible if they were randomised or quasi‐randomised controlled trials (RCT) with randomisation at either the individual or cluster level (including cross‐over trials), non‐randomised RCTs, or prospective observational studies with a control group, such as cohort studies, controlled before‐and‐after studies, and interrupted time series. We included studies that examined the effects of fortification of food, beverage, condiment, or seasoning with iodine alone, or in combination with other micronutrients versus the same unfortified food, or no intervention. We considered the following measures: death (all‐cause), goitre, physical development, mental development, cognitive function and motor skill development, cretinism, hypothyroidism, adverse effects (any reported by trialists), urinary iodine concentration, thyroid‐stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration, and serum thyroglobulin concentration. We included all populations, including pregnant women, from any country. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias of included studies. We used random‐effects meta‐analyses to combine data and generate an overall estimate of treatment effect, when more than one study examined the same outcome measure. The overall effect estimate was calculated as the mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) between the intervention group and the comparison group for continuous outcomes, and as odds ratio (OR) for dichotomous outcomes. We assessed the level of heterogeneity through the I² statistic. We conducted post‐hoc subgroup analyses to explore possible sources of heterogeneity, and sensitivity analyses to check the robustness of the findings from the primary analyses. We assessed the quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE framework. Where it was not possible to pool the results in a meta‐analysis, we provided a narrative summary of the outcomes. Main results Eleven studies met the criteria, providing 14 comparisons, and capturing data on 4317 participants. Seven studies were RCTs, three were cluster non‐RCTs, and one was a randomised cross‐over design. Seven studies were carried out among school children (N = 3636), three among women of reproductive age (N = 648), and one among infants (N = 33). The studies used diverse types of food as vehicle for iodine delivery: biscuits, milk, fish sauce, drinking water, yoghourt, fruit beverage, seasoning powder, and infant formula milk. Daily amounts of iodine provided ranged from 35 µg/day to 220 µg/day; trial duration ranged from 11 days to 48 weeks. Five studies examined the effect of iodine fortification alone, two against the same unfortified food, and three against no intervention. Six studies evaluated the effect of cofortification of iodine with other micronutrients versus the same food without iodine but with different levels of other micronutrients. We assessed one study to be at low risk of bias for all bias domains, three at low risk of bias for all domains apart from selective reporting, and seven at an overall rating of high risk of bias. No study assessed the primary outcomes of death, mental development, cognitive function, cretinism, or hypothyroidism, or secondary outcomes of TSH or serum thyroglobulin concentration. Two studies reported the effects on goitre, one on physical development measures, and one on adverse effects. All studies assessed urinary iodine concentration. The effects of iodine fortification compared to control on goitre prevalence (OR 1.60, 95% CI 0.60 to 4.31; 1 non‐RCT, 83 participants; very low‐quality evidence), and five physical development measures were uncertain (1 non‐RCT, 83 participants; very low‐quality evidence): weight (MD 0.23 kg, 95% CI ‐6.30 to 6.77); height (MD ‐0.66 cm, 95% CI ‐4.64 to 3.33); weight‐for‐age (MD 0.05, 95% CI ‐0.59 to 0.69); height‐for‐age (MD ‐0.30, 95% CI ‐0.75 to 0.15); and weight‐for‐height (MD ‐0.21, 95% CI ‐0.51 to 0.10). One study reported that there were no adverse events observed during the cross‐over trial (low‐quality evidence). Pooled results from RCTs showed that urinary iodine concentration significantly increased following iodine fortification (SMD 0.59, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.81; 6 RCTs, 2032 participants; moderate‐quality evidence). This is equivalent to an increase of 38.32 µg/L (95% CI 24.03 to 52.61 µg/L). This effect was not observed in the meta‐analysis of non‐RCTs (SMD 0.25, 95% CI ‐0.16 to 0.66; 3 non‐RCTs, 262 participants; very low‐quality evidence). Sensitivity analyses did not change the effect observed in the primary analyses. Authors' conclusions The evidence on the effect of iodine fortification of foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings other than salt on reducing goitre, improving physical development measures, and any adverse effects is uncertain. However, our findings suggest that the intervention likely increases urinary iodine concentration. Additional, adequately powered, high‐quality studies on the effects of iodine fortification of foods on these, and other important outcomes, as well as its efficacy and safety, are required. Plain language summary Adding iodine to foods, other than salt, to prevent diseases caused by inadequate iodine intake Background and review question Many people around the world do not consume enough iodine. This is a problem because iodine is important for normal childhood growth and brain development, and for ensuring a healthy adult population. Inadequate intake of iodine can lead to health problems, such as intellectual disability and goitre (enlargement of the thyroid gland). Currently, the main strategy to increase the amount of iodine consumed in populations recommended by the World Health Organization is adding iodine to salt. However, in some areas where salt is not the major condiment, adding iodine to other foods has also been explored. The aim of our study was to examine the effect of adding iodine to foods, beverages, condiments, or seasonings, other than salt, on iodine nutrition status and health‐related outcomes in all populations. Study characteristics We searched for articles from different sources including published research papers, unpublished reports, and through direct communication with experts and organisations working to address iodine and micronutrient deficiency. We last searched the databases in January 2018. Eleven studies, which captured data on 4317 participants (3636 children, 648 women of reproductive age, and 33 infants), met our inclusion criteria. The type of foods used as vehicle to deliver iodine differed between the studies, and included biscuits, milk, fish sauce, drinking water, yoghourt, fruit beverage, seasoning powder, and infant formula milk. The amount of iodine provided to participants ranged from 35 µg/day to 220 µg/day, and study duration ranged from 11 days to 48 weeks. Of the 11 studies included, five examined the effect of adding iodine alone to foods compared to either no intervention or the same foods without iodine; while six evaluated the effect of adding iodine plus other micronutrients to foods compared to the same foods without iodine, but with different levels of other micronutrients. Key results No study evaluated the effect of adding iodine to foods on death, mental development, cognitive function, cretinism (a condition characterized by impaired control of physical movement and intellectual disability), hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), thyroid‐stimulating hormone concentration, or serum thyroglobulin concentration (these are biological markers that indicate the presence of iodine deficiency when concentration in the blood is high). Two studies reported on the effect of the intervention on goitre, one study assessed five physical development measures (weight, height, weight‐for‐age, height‐for‐age, and weight‐for‐height scores), and one examined adverse effects. All studies assessed urinary iodine concentration (the concentration of iodine secreted in the urine, which indicates the presence of iodine deficiency when concentration is low in a population group, rather than in an individual). We combined the data that met our requirements in these studies in a meta‐analysis. We are uncertain of the effects of iodine fortification on the proportion of participants with goitre, or on any of the five physical development measures. One study reported narratively that no adverse effects were observed during the trial. We found a significant increase of 38.32 µg/L in urinary iodine concentration after adding iodine to foods, compared to the groups that did not have iodine added, from studies of higher quality. Quality of the evidence Using GRADE, we rated the quality of the evidence as very low for goitre and physical development measures, due to study limitations (risk of bias) and imprecise results, and low for adverse events due to indirectness and imprecise results. We rated the quality of the evidence for urinary iodine concentration, from studies in which participants were allocated to treatment groups at random (gold standard design for clinical research), as moderate. On the other hand, quality of the evidence for urinary iodine concentration from studies without this random element was rated as very low, due to study limitations and imprecise results. Conclusion Overall, there is no clear evidence on the effect of the intervention on reducing the proportion of people with goitre, improving physical growth, or adverse events. However, our results show that adding iodine to foods likely increases urinary iodine concentration. Additional studies to better quantify the effect of the intervention on these outcomes, as well as other outcomes, are needed.
 Interventions for promoting the initiation of breastfeeding;  Abstract - Background Despite the widely documented risks of not breastfeeding, initiation rates remain relatively low in many high‐income countries, particularly among women in lower‐income groups. In low‐ and middle‐income countries, many women do not follow World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations to initiate breastfeeding within the first hour after birth. This is an update of a Cochrane Review, first published in 2005. Objectives To identify and describe health promotion activities intended to increase the initiation rate of breastfeeding. To evaluate the effectiveness of different types of breastfeeding promotion activities, in terms of changing the number of women who initiate breastfeeding. To evaluate the effectiveness of different types of breastfeeding promotion activities, in terms of changing the number of women who initiate breastfeeding early (within one hour after birth). Search methods We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (29 February 2016) and scanned reference lists of all articles obtained. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs), with or without blinding, of any breastfeeding promotion intervention in any population group, except women and infants with a specific health problem. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed trial reports for inclusion, extracted data and assessed trial quality. Discrepancies were resolved through discussion and a third review author was involved when necessary. We contacted investigators to obtain missing information. Main results Twenty‐eight trials involving 107,362 women in seven countries are included in this updated review. Five studies involving 3,124 women did not contribute outcome data and we excluded them from the analyses. The methodological quality of the included trials was mixed, with significant numbers of studies at high or unclear risk of bias due to: inadequate allocation concealment (N = 20); lack of blinding of outcome assessment (N = 20); incomplete outcome data (N = 19); selective reporting (N = 22) and bias from other potential sources (N = 17). Healthcare professional‐led breastfeeding education and support versus standard care The studies pooled here compare professional health workers delivering breastfeeding education and support during the prenatal and postpartum periods with standard care. Interventions included promotion campaigns and counselling, and all took place in a formal setting. There was evidence from five trials involving 564 women for improved rates of breastfeeding initiation  among women who received healthcare professional‐led breastfeeding education and support (average risk ratio (RR) 1.43, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07 to 1.92; Tau² = 0.07, I² = 62%, low‐quality evidence) compared to those women who received standard care. We downgraded evidence due to design limitations and heterogeneity. The outcome of  early initiation of breastfeeding  was not reported in the studies under this comparison. Non‐healthcare professional‐led breastfeeding education and support versus standard care There was evidence from eight trials of 5712 women for improved rates of  breastfeeding initiation  among women who received interventions from non‐healthcare professional counsellors and support groups (average RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.40; Tau² = 0.02, I² = 86%, low‐quality evidence) compared to women who received standard care. In three trials of 76,373 women, there was no clear difference between groups in terms of the number of women practicing  early initiation of breastfeeding  (average RR 1.70, 95% CI 0.98 to 2.95; Tau² = 0.18, I² = 78%, very low‐quality evidence). We downgraded the evidence for a combination of design limitations, heterogeneity and imprecision (wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect). Other comparisons Other comparisons in this review also looked at the  rates of initiation of breastfeeding  and there were no clear differences between groups for the following comparisons of combined healthcare professional‐led education with peer support or community educator versus standard care (2 studies, 1371 women) or attention control (1 study, 237 women), breastfeeding education using multimedia (a self‐help manual or a video) versus routine care (2 studies, 497 women); early mother‐infant contact versus standard care (2 studies, 309 women); and community‐based breastfeeding groups versus no breastfeeding groups (1 study, 18,603 women). None of these comparisons reported data on  early initiation of breastfeeding . Authors' conclusions This review found low‐quality evidence that healthcare professional‐led breastfeeding education and non‐healthcare professional‐led counselling and peer support interventions can result in some improvements in the number of women beginning to breastfeed. The majority of the trials were conducted in the USA, among women on low incomes and who varied in ethnicity and feeding intention, thus limiting the generalisability of these results to other settings. Future studies would ideally be conducted in a range of low‐ and high‐income settings, with data on breastfeeding rates over various timeframes, and explore the effectiveness of interventions that are initiated prior to conception or during pregnancy. These might include well‐described interventions, including health education, early and continuing mother‐infant contact, and initiatives to help mothers overcome societal barriers to breastfeeding, all with clearly defined outcome measures. Plain language summary Interventions for encouraging women to start breastfeeding What is the issue? International rates of breastfeeding initiation are extremely variable both between and within countries. Low‐ and middle‐income countries generally have high rates of women starting breastfeeding, and the challenge is for breastfeeding to begin within one hour of birth. High‐income countries have a much greater variation in the number of women who start breastfeeding, with more highly educated and more well‐off women likely to start. The World Health Organization recommends that breastfeeding should start within the first hour after giving birth, that all infants should be exclusively breastfed from birth to six months of age, and that breastfeeding should continue until 2 years or beyond. We know that breastfeeding is good for the health of women and babies. Babies who are not fully breastfed for the first three to four months of life are more likely to suffer from infections of the stomach and intestines, air passages and lungs, or develop ear infections. Babies who are not breastfed are more likely to be overweight or have diabetes later in life, and mothers who do not breastfeed have increased risks of breast and ovarian cancer. Other practical benefits of breastfeeding include saving money on buying breast milk substitutes and, for society, on treating illness. Yet many women feed their babies with infant formula. Why is this important? We want to have a better understanding of what works to promote breastfeeding, for women, their families, the health system and society. Women face many barriers to breastfeeding, including lack of public spaces where women can breastfeed without feeling embarrassment; lack of flexible working days for breastfeeding women at work; widespread advertising of breast milk substitutes; and public policy that ignores the needs of breastfeeding women. New ways to promote breastfeeding are needed. What evidence did we find? We searched for evidence on 29 February 2016. This updated review now includes 28 randomised controlled studies involving 107,362 women. Twenty studies involving 27,865 women looked at interventions to increase the number of women who started breastfeeding, in three high‐income countries (Australia, 1 study; UK, 4 studies; and USA, 14 studies) and one lower middle‐income country (Nicaragua, 1 study). Three studies investigated the effect of an intervention to increase the number of women who started breastfeeding early, within one hour after birth. These involved 76,373 women from Malawi, Nigeria and Ghana. The study from Malawi was large, with 55,931 participants. Health education delivered by doctors and nurses and counselling and peer support by trained volunteers improved the number of women who began breastfeeding their babies. Five studies involving 564 women reported that women who received breastfeeding education and support from doctors or nurses were more likely to start breastfeeding compared to women who received standard care. Four of these studies were conducted in low‐income or amongst minority ethnic women in the USA, where baseline breastfeeding rates are typically low. Eight studies involving 5712 women showed improved rates of starting breastfeeding with trained volunteer‐delivered interventions and support groups compared to the women who received standard care. Breastfeeding education provided by trained volunteers could also improve the rates of early initiation of breastfeeding, within one hour of giving birth, in low‐income countries. We assessed all the evidence in this review to be low‐quality because of limitations in study design and variations in the interventions, to whom, when, where, and how an intervention was delivered. Standard care also differed and could include some breastfeeding support, for example, in the UK. We found too little evidence to say whether strategies with multimedia, early mother‐infant contact, or community‐based breastfeeding groups were able to improve breastfeeding initiation. What does this mean? Health professionals with training in breastfeeding including midwives, nurses, and doctors, and trained volunteers can deliver education sessions and provide counselling and peer support to increase the number of women who start breastfeeding their babies. High‐quality research is needed to understand which interventions are likely to be effective in different population groups. More studies are needed in low‐ and middle‐income countries to find out which strategies will encourage women to start breastfeeding just after giving birth.
 Optimal duration of exclusive breastfeeding;  Abstract - Background Although the health benefits of breastfeeding are widely acknowledged, opinions and recommendations are strongly divided on the optimal duration of exclusive breastfeeding. Since 2001, the World Health Organization has recommended exclusive breastfeeding for six months. Much of the recent debate in developed countries has centred on the micronutrient adequacy, as well as the existence and magnitude of health benefits, of this practice. Objectives To assess the effects on child health, growth, and development, and on maternal health, of exclusive breastfeeding for six months versus exclusive breastfeeding for three to four months with mixed breastfeeding (introduction of complementary liquid or solid foods with continued breastfeeding) thereafter through six months. Search methods We searched  The Cochrane Library  (2011, Issue 6), MEDLINE (1 January 2007 to 14 June 2011), EMBASE (1 January 2007 to 14 June 2011), CINAHL (1 January 2007 to 14 June 2011), BIOSIS (1 January 2007 to 14 June 2011), African Index Medicus (searched 15 June 2011), Index Medicus for the WHO Eastern Mediterranean Region (IMEMR) (searched 15 June 2011), LILACS (Latin American and Caribbean Health Sciences) (searched 15 June 2011). We also contacted experts in the field. The search for the first version of the review in 2000 yielded a total of 2668 unique citations. Contacts with experts in the field yielded additional published and unpublished studies. The updated literature review in December 2006 yielded 835 additional unique citations. Selection criteria We selected all internally‐controlled clinical trials and observational studies comparing child or maternal health outcomes with exclusive breastfeeding for six or more months versus exclusive breastfeeding for at least three to four months with continued mixed breastfeeding until at least six months. Studies were stratified according to study design (controlled trials versus observational studies), provenance (developing versus developed countries), and timing of compared feeding groups (three to seven months versus later). Data collection and analysis We independently assessed study quality and extracted data. Main results We identified 23 independent studies meeting the selection criteria: 11 from developing countries (two of which were controlled trials in Honduras) and 12 from developed countries (all observational studies). Definitions of exclusive breastfeeding varied considerably across studies. Neither the trials nor the observational studies suggest that infants who continue to be exclusively breastfed for six months show deficits in weight or length gain, although larger sample sizes would be required to rule out modest differences in risk of undernutrition. In developing‐country settings where newborn iron stores may be suboptimal, the evidence suggests that exclusive breastfeeding without iron supplementation through six months may compromise hematologic status. Based on the Belarusian study, six months of exclusive breastfeeding confers no benefit (versus three months of exclusive breastfeeding followed by continued partial breastfeeding through six months) on height, weight, body mass index, dental caries, cognitive ability, or behaviour at 6.5 years of age. Based on studies from Belarus, Iran, and Nigeria, however, infants who continue exclusive breastfeeding for six months or more appear to have a significantly reduced risk of gastrointestinal and (in the Iranian and Nigerian studies) respiratory infection. No significant reduction in risk of atopic eczema, asthma, or other atopic outcomes has been demonstrated in studies from Finland, Australia, and Belarus. Data from the two Honduran trials and from observational studies from Bangladesh and Senegal suggest that exclusive breastfeeding through six months is associated with delayed resumption of menses and, in the Honduran trials, more rapid postpartum weight loss in the mother. Authors' conclusions Infants who are exclusively breastfed for six months experience less morbidity from gastrointestinal infection than those who are partially breastfed as of three or four months, and no deficits have been demonstrated in growth among infants from either developing or developed countries who are exclusively breastfed for six months or longer. Moreover, the mothers of such infants have more prolonged lactational amenorrhea. Although infants should still be managed individually so that insufficient growth or other adverse outcomes are not ignored and appropriate interventions are provided, the available evidence demonstrates no apparent risks in recommending, as a general policy, exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life in both developing and developed‐country settings. Plain language summary Optimal duration of exclusive breastfeeding Exclusive breastfeeding for six months (versus three to four months, with continued mixed breastfeeding thereafter) reduces gastrointestinal infection and helps the mother lose weight and prevent pregnancy but has no long‐term impact on allergic disease, growth, obesity, cognitive ability, or behaviour. The results of two controlled trials and 21 other studies suggest that exclusive breastfeeding (no solids or liquids besides human milk, other than vitamins and medications) for six months has several advantages over exclusive breastfeeding for three to four months followed by mixed breastfeeding. These advantages include a lower risk of gastrointestinal infection, more rapid maternal weight loss after birth, and delayed return of menstrual periods. No reduced risks of other infections, allergic diseases, obesity, dental caries, or cognitive or behaviour problems have been demonstrated. A reduced level of iron has been observed in developing‐country settings.
 Parenteral versus enteral fluid therapy for children hospitalised with bronchiolitis;  Abstract - Background The main focus of treatment for children hospitalised with bronchiolitis is supportive, including oxygen supplementation, respiratory support, and fluid therapy. Up to half of infants hospitalised with bronchiolitis require non‐oral fluid therapy due to dehydration or concerns related to the safety of oral feeding. The two main modalities used for non‐oral fluid therapy are parenteral (intravenous (IV)) and enteral tube (nasogastric (NG) or orogastric (OG)). However, it is not known which mode is optimal in young children. Objectives To systematically review randomised clinical trials (RCTs) of the effectiveness and safety of parenteral and enteral tube fluid therapy for children under two years of age hospitalised with bronchiolitis. Search methods We conducted a search of the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform on 8 March 2021. We handsearched conference proceedings, conducted forward and backward searching of citation lists of relevant articles, and contacted experts. Selection criteria We included RCTs and quasi‐RCTs of children aged up to two years admitted to hospital with a clinical diagnosis of bronchiolitis who required fluid therapy. The trials compared enteral tube fluid therapy with parenteral fluid therapy. The primary outcome was difference in length of hospital stay in hours after each non‐oral fluid therapy modality. As actual time of discharge can be impacted by various factors, we also assessed theoretical length of stay (i.e. time when a patient is safe for discharge). We assessed several secondary outcomes. Data collection and analysis We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane.  Main results The searches yielded 615 unique records, of which four articles underwent full‐text screening. We included two trials (810 children). Oakley 2013 was an open, non‐blinded RCT of infants aged two to 12 months admitted to hospitals in Australia and New Zealand with a clinical diagnosis of bronchiolitis during three bronchiolitis seasons. The trial enrolled 759 children, of which 381 were randomised to NG tube therapy and 378 to IV therapy. Risk of bias was low in most domains. Kugelman 2013 was an open, non‐blinded RCT that enrolled infants aged less than six months with a clinical diagnosis of "moderate bronchiolitis" at a single hospital in Israel. The study enrolled 51 infants, of which 31 were assigned to NG or OG tube therapy and 20 to IV therapy. Risk of bias was unclear in most domains. The application of enteral tube fluid therapy compared to IV fluid therapy probably makes little to no difference for actual length of hospital stay (mean difference (MD) 6.8 hours, 95% confidence interval (CI) −4.7 to 18.4 hours; 2 studies, 810 children, moderate certainty evidence). There was also little to no difference for theoretical length of stay (MD 4.4 hours, 95% CI −3.6 to 12.4 hours; 2 studies, 810 children, moderate certainty evidence). For the secondary outcomes, enteral tube fluid therapy probably makes little to no difference for time to resume full oral feeding compared to IV fluid therapy (MD 2.8 hours, 95% CI −3.6 to 9.2 hours; 2 studies, 810 children, moderate certainty evidence). The use of enteral tube for fluid therapy probably results in a large increase in the success of insertion of fluid modality at first attempt (risk ratio (RR) 1.52, 95% CI 1.36 to 1.69; 1 study, 617 children, moderate certainty evidence), and probably largely reduces the chances of change in fluid therapy modality (RR 0.52, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.71; 1 study, 759 children, moderate certainty evidence) compared to IV fluid.  Oakley 2013 reported 47 local complication events after discharge in the IV fluid group compared to 30 events in the NG tube group. They also evaluated parental satisfaction, which was high with both modalities. Enteral tube fluid therapy makes little to no difference to the duration of oxygen supplementation (MD 2.2 hours, 95% CI ‐5.0 to 9.5 hours; 2 studies, 810 children, moderate certainty evidence). Compared with the IV fluid therapy group, there was a 17% relative reduction in the number of intensive care unit admissions (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.46; 1 study, 759 children, moderate certainty evidence) and a 19% relative reduction in number of readmissions to hospital (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.04; 1 study, 678 children, moderate certainty evidence) in the enteral tube fluid therapy group. Adverse events were uncommon in both trials, with likely little to no differences between groups. Authors' conclusions Based on two RCTs, enteral tube feeding likely results in little to no difference in length of hospital stay compared with the IV fluid group. However, enteral tube fluid therapy likely results in a large increase in the success of insertion of fluid modality at first attempt, and a large reduction in change in modality of fluid therapy. It also probably reduces local complications compared to the IV fluid group. Despite bronchiolitis being one of the most prevalent childhood conditions, we identified only two studies with under 1000 participants in total, which highlights the need for multicentre trials. Future studies should explore type of fluid administered, parent‐reported outcomes and preferences, and the role of shared decision‐making. Plain language summary Intravenous fluids compared to nasogastric or orogastric tube hydration for children hospitalised with bronchiolitis Review question Is feeding tube or intravenous catheter better for hydrating children hospitalised with bronchiolitis? Background Bronchiolitis is a common respiratory infection in young children that makes feeding difficult due to increased breathing effort and mucous production. When infants are considered unsafe to feed by mouth (orally), there are two ways that fluid can be given: a feeding tube and/or an intravenous catheter. A feeding tube is inserted through the nose or mouth into a child’s stomach and can be used to give milk or clear fluids like rehydration solution. The intravenous cannula is inserted into a vein and gives medical hydration fluids into the vein. It is not clear if one way to give fluids is better than the other, and there is a lot of variation in which method is used in children hospitalised with bronchiolitis. Our review used standard Cochrane methods to identify studies that randomly assigned children to receive fluids either by a feeding tube or intravenous catheter, and then compared the effects of the two fluid therapy methods on the children. The aim of this review was to find out if one method is better than the other. Search date The evidence is current 8 March 2021. Study characteristics We found only two studies that compared using a feeding tube to an intravenous catheter for children hospitalised with bronchiolitis. The studies included 810 children in total who were younger than two years of age, and who were randomly assigned to either a feeding tube or an intravenous catheter. Study funding sources The authors of the Oakley trial indicated that the study was funded by the Australian National Health and Medical Research Council, Samuel Nissen Charitable Foundation (Perpetual), Murdoch Children’s Research Institute, and the Victorian Government, but that the funders had no role in the design and interpretation of the trial. The Kugelman trial did not describe the study funder. Key results The two studies found no differences in the number of hours children stayed in hospital, nor were there any differences in recovery time to resume full oral feeding. The main difference between groups was greater success in inserting a feeding tube on first try compared to an intravenous catheter, which often required several attempts. Also, children who received intravenous fluid were more prone to switching to an enteral tube feeding and experienced more side effects. One of the studies reported that parents were satisfied with both hydration methods. However, because there were only two included studies, it is hard to tell if enteral tube feeding is better or worse than intravenous fluids. Conclusions There is a need for more specific research on this topic, including a better understanding of parent and caregiver preferences related to giving non‐oral fluids and how to incorporate shared decision‐making, where both patient and doctor work together to make treatment decisions.  Certainty of evidence In one study, the methods used to randomly assign and allocate participants to treatment groups were unclear. It was unclear how this may have caused bias in the study. As one study had an unclear risk of bias, we rated the overall certainty of evidence for the primary outcome as moderate.  None of the study authors declared any conflict of interest.
