Nonfermented milk and other dairy products: associations with all-cause mortality 1,2; Background: A positive association between nonfermented milk intake and increased all-cause mortality was recently reported, but overall, the association between dairy intake and mortality is inconclusive.
Milk and dairy consumption and risk of cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; With a growing number of prospective cohort studies, an updated dose-response meta-analysis of milk and dairy products with all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease (CHD) or cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been conducted. PubMed, Embase and Scopus were searched for articles published up to September 2016. Random-effect meta-analyses with summarised dose-response data were performed for total (high-fat/low-fat) dairy, milk, fermented dairy, cheese and yogurt. Non-linear associations were investigated using the spine models and heterogeneity by subgroup analyses. A total of 29 cohort studies were available for meta-analysis, with 938,465 participants and 93,158 mortality, 28,419 CHD and 25,416 CVD cases. No associations were found for total (high-fat/low-fat) dairy, and milk with the health outcomes of mortality, CHD or CVD. Inverse associations were found between total fermented dairy (included sour milk products, cheese or yogurt; per 20 g/day) with mortality (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.97-0.99; I-2 = 94.4%) and CVD risk (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.97-0.99; I-2 = 87.5%). Further analyses of individual fermented dairy of cheese and yogurt showed cheese to have a 2% lower risk of CVD (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.95-1.00; I-2 = 82.6%) per 10 g/day, but not yogurt. All of these marginally inverse associations of totally fermented dairy and cheese were attenuated in sensitivity analyses by removing one large Swedish study. This meta-analysis combining data from 29 prospective cohort studies demonstrated neutral associations between dairy products and cardiovascular and all-cause mortality. For future studies it is important to investigate in more detail how dairy products can be replaced by other foods.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Prostate Cancer Risk and Mortality: An Overview of Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses; Milk and dairy product consumption has been associated with an increase in prostate cancer risk; however, discrepancies have been observed in the literature. This first overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses was carried out with the main objective of compiling and discussing the evidence generated to date related to milk and dairy product consumption and prostate cancer risk and mortality. A systematic search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and the Web of Science (from inception to 30 April 2018) was conducted. The inclusion criteria were as follows: adult men, meta-analyses of longitudinal studies, dairy product consumption, and risk of prostate cancer or related outcomes. The AMSTAR2 checklist was used to evaluate methodological quality. The synthesis methods included dairy product exposure (high compared with low consumption or dose-response), dairy product type (total dairy products, milk, cheese, yogurt, and others), and prostate cancer outcomes (total, nonadvanced, and advanced prostate cancer and mortality) displayed in forest plots. Six meta-analyses were identified. These studies reported on the analysis of the 2 to 32 cohorts (up to 848,395 subjects/38,107 cases; 4-28 y of follow-up) and 2 case-control meta-analyses (12,435 subjects). Themeta-analysis quality was valued asmostly "good" according to the AMSTAR2 criteria. All RRs of high compared with low consumption (dose-response) for total prostate cancer ranged from 1.68 to 1.09 (1.07 per 400 g/d) for total dairy products, 1.50 to 0.92 (1.06 to 0.98 per 200 g/d) for milk (whole, low-fat, and skim milk considered separately), and 1.18 to 0.74 (1.10 per 50 g/d) for cheese. RRs have decreased since the first meta-analysis. Statistical heterogeneity generates uncertainty in the observed results (up to I-2 = 77.1%). In conclusion, although there are some data indicating that higher consumption of dairy products could increase the risk of prostate cancer, the evidence is not consistent. This review was registered with PROSPERO as CRD42018094737.
Probiotic kefir consumption improves serum apolipoprotein A1 levels in metabolic syndrome patients: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Metabolic syndrome has become a major health hazard of the modern world. Studies investigating the effects of traditional fermented foods on metabolic syndrome are limited. We hypothesized that regular kefir consumption could improve the anthropometrical measurements, glycemic control, lipid profile, blood pressure, and inflammatory status in patients with metabolic syndrome. Sixty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive either 180 mL/d probiotic kefir or unfermented milk for 12 weeks. Dietary intake, anthropometrical measurements, biochemical status, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and the end of weeks 4, 8, and 12. Serum apolipoprotein A1 concentration increased by 3.4% in the kefir group, whereas it decreased by 2.4% in the milk group in 12 weeks ( P = .03). A subgroup analysis for participants with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels > 130 mg/dL showed that serum LDL-C and apolipoprotein B concentrations (7.6% and 5.4%, respectively) significantly decreased with kefir consumption compared with the baseline values at the 12th week ( P < .05), but not compared with milk consumption ( P > .05). Both milk and kefir consumption was associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressure compared with the baseline ( P < .05). The 12-weeks of kefir administration also decreased serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, interleukin 10, interferon-gamma, and homocysteine concentrations significantly ( P < .05). In conclusion, regular dairy consumption as part of a well-balanced diet can provide favorable effects in the management of metabolic syndrome, and probiotic kefir may deserve a special interest among dairy products. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03966846).(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dairy fat in cheese raises LDL cholesterol less than that in butter in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To determine whether dairy fat in cheese raises low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol as much as in butter, since epidemiology suggests a different impact on cardiovascular disease.
Dairy Intake and the Risk of Bladder Cancer in the Netherlands Cohort Study on Diet and Cancer; The authors examined the association between the intake of different dairy products and the risk of bladder cancer in 120,852 men and women aged 55-69 years participating in the Netherlands Cohort Study on Diet and Cancer. Dairy product intake was assessed in 1986 by using a 150-item food frequency questionnaire. The cohort was followed for 16.3 years, and 1,549 incident cases of bladder cancer were analyzed. Cox proportional hazards analysis was applied with a case-cohort approach by using the follow-up data of a random subcohort (n = 5,000). Multivariate hazard ratio estimates comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of total dairy intake were 1.01 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.81, 1.27; P-trend = 0.68). A statistically significant association for fermented milk products was found only for the second quintile (median, 12 g/day) (hazard ratio = 0.71, 95% CI: 0.56, 0.91). Compared with nonconsumers, women with 25-75 g/day of butter consumption had a hazard ratio of 1.61 (95% CI: 1.03, 2.50; P-trend < 0.01). No association was found with cheese, calcium, lactose, or nonfermented dairy intake. These results provide weak evidence that bladder cancer risk is inversely associated with low intake of fermented dairy products and suggest a positive association with butter intake in women.
Impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on fasting lipid profile and blood pressure: exploratory endpoints of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary guidelines traditionally recommend low-fat dairy because dairy's high saturated fat content is thought to promote cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, emerging evidence indicates that dairy fat may not negatively impact CVD risk factors when consumed in foods with a complex matrix.
Intake of dairy products and risk of colorectal neoplasia; Prospective cohort studies suggest that higher intakes of dairy products, in particular milk, are associated with a decreased risk of colorectal cancer (CRC). In Western populations, dairy products are major contributors to dietary Ca, which may have chemopreventive effects in the colon. The pooling of data from prospective studies suggests a significant protective effect of Ca on CRC risk. Randomised controlled trials with Ca supplements have been conducted with both colorectal adenoma and CRC as endpoints. Results suggest that Ca Supplementation at a level of 1000-2000 mg/d reduces adenoma recurrence in individuals with a previous adenoma but has no effect on CRC incidence. There is evidence that the risk reduction from dairy foods may not be solely due to their high Ca content. Dairy products contain other potential chemopreventive components such as vitamin D, butyric acid, conjugated linoleic acid, sphingolipids, and probiotic bacteria in fermented products such as yoghurt. The present review will focus on the epidemiological evidence (and in particular prospective cohort studies) investigating the relationship between dairy product consumption and risk of CRC. An outline of the proposed mechanisms responsible for the protective effect of both Ca and other potential chemopreventive components in dairy products will also be presented.
Herd factors associated with dairy cow mortality; A Summary studies of dairy cow removal indicate increasing levels of mortality over the past several decades. This poses a serious problem for the US dairy industry. The objective of this project was to evaluate associations between facilities, herd management practices, disease occurrence and death rates on US dairy operations through an analysis of the National Animal Health Monitoring System's Dairy 2007 survey. The survey included farms in 17 states that represented 79.5% of US dairy operations and 82.5% of the US dairy cow population. During the first phase of the study operations were randomly selected from a sampling list maintained by the National Agricultural Statistics Service. Only farms that participated in phase I and had 30 or more dairy cows were eligible to participate in phase II. In total, 459 farms had complete data for all selected variables and were included in this analysis. Univariable associations between dairy cow mortality and 162 a priori identified operation-level management practices or characteristics were evaluated. Sixty of the 162 management factors explored in the univariate analysis met initial screening criteria and were further evaluated in a multivariable model exploring more complex relationships. The final weighted, negative binomial regression model included six variables. Based on the incidence rate ratio, this model predicted 32.0% less mortality for operations that vaccinated heifers for at least one of the following: bovine viral diarrhea, infectious bovine rhinotracheitis, parainfluenza 3, bovine respiratory syncytial virus, Haemophilus somnus, leptospirosis, Salmonella, Escherichia coli or clostridia. The final multivariable model also predicted a 27.0% increase in mortality for operations from which a bulk tank milk sample tested ELISA positive for bovine leukosis virus. Additionally, an 18.0% higher mortality was predicted for operations that used necropsies to determine the cause of death for some proportion of dead dairy cows. The final model also predicted that increased proportions of dairy cows with clinical mastitis and infertility problems were associated with increased mortality. Finally, an increase in mortality was predicted to be associated with an increase in the proportion of lame or injured permanently removed dairy cows. In general terms, this model identified that mortality was associated with reproductive problems, non-infectious postpartum disease, infectious disease and infectious disease prevention, and information derived from postmortem evaluations. Ultimately, addressing excessive mortality levels requires a concerted effort that recognizes and appropriately manages the numerous and diverse underlying risks.
Milk Production, Milk Composition, Live Weight Change and Milk Fatty Acid Composition in Lactating Dairy Cows in Response to Whole Linseed Supplementation; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of whole linseed supplementation on performances and milk fatty acid composition of dairy cows. Thirty six Holstein Friesian crossbred lactating dairy cows were blocked by milking days first and then stratified random balanced for milk yields and body weight into three groups of 12 cows each. The control group received 300 g of palm oil. The second group was supplemented with 344 g/d of top-dressed whole linseed plus 150 g of palm oil and the third group was supplemented with 688 g/d of top-dressed whole linseed. All cows also received ad libitum grass silage (Brachiaria ruziziensis), had free access to clean water and were individually housed in a free-stall unit and individually fed according to treatments. Residual feeds were collected on 2 consecutive days weekly and at the end of the experiment. Feed samples were pooled to make representative samples for proximate and detergent analyses. Daily milk yields were recorded. Milk samples were collected on 2 consecutive days weekly. Live weights were recorded at the start and at the end of the experiment. Milk samples were taken on d 56 of the experiment and subjected to milk fatty acid composition. The results showed no statistical significant differences in intakes, live weight change, milk yields and milk compositions, however, C18:1, C18:3 and unsaturated FAs were increased while saturated FAs were reduced by whole linseed supplementation. It is recommended that the addition of 300 g/d oil from whole linseed could be beneficial to lactating dairy cows in early lactation.
Lactase persistence, milk intake, and mortality in the Danish general population: a Mendelian randomization study; Meta-analyses have suggested no association between milk intake and mortality. Since only few studies have been conducted, we investigated the association between the lactase persistent genetic variant LCT-13910 C/T (rs4988235), a proxy for long-term low and high intake of milk, and mortality. We used two Danish population-based studies with self-reported intake of milk and genotyping for LCT-13910 C/T. We obtained information on all-cause and cause-specific mortality (cardiovascular and cancer) from the national Danish registries. We used multivariable adjusted Cox regression to assess the association between milk intake and mortality in 74,241 individuals, and both logistic and Cox-regression to assess the association between genetic lactase persistence and mortality in 82,964 individuals using a Mendelian randomization design. We applied per T-allele, co-dominant and dominant models. During a mean follow-up of 7 years, 9759 individuals died, 2166 from cardiovascular disease, and 2822 from cancer. Observationally, there was no association between intake of skimmed milk and all-cause or cardiovascular mortality, and we did not find any associations between intake of semi-skimmed or whole milk with all-cause or cause-specific mortality. Intake of skimmed milk was associated with lower cancer mortality with a hazard ratio of 0.97 (95% CI 0.96-1.00) per doubling in milk intake. Per T-allele, milk intake increased with 0.58 (0.50-0.68) glasses/week. Genetically, we found no associations between the lactase persistent LCT-13910 C/T genotype and all-cause or cause-specific mortality; per T-allele OR (95% CI) for all-cause mortality was 1.02 (0.97-1.06). Our study did not provide strong evidence of observational or genetic associations between milk intake and all-cause or cause-specific mortality.
Dairy Products Intake and Endometrial Cancer Risk: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Observational studies have suggested inconsistent findings on the relationship between dairy products intake and endometrial cancer risk. This study aimed to conduct a meta-analysis to evaluate this correlation; moreover, databases including PubMed, ISI Web of Science, and Embase were screened for relevant studies up to 26 February 2017. The inverse variance weighting method and random effects models were used to calculate the overall OR (odds ratio) values and 95% confidence interval (CI). A total of 2 cohort study and 16 case-control studies were included in the current analysis. No significant association was observed between endometrial cancer risk and the intake of total dairy products, milk, or cheese for the highest versus the lowest exposure category (total dairy products (14 studies): OR 1.04, 95% CI: 0.97-1.11, I-2 = 73%, p = 0.000; milk (6 studies): 0.99, 95% CI: 0.89-1.10, I-2 = 0.0%, p = 0.43; cheese (5 studies): 0.89, 95% CI: 0.76-1.05, I-2 = 39%, p = 0.16). The only cohort study with a total of 456,513 participants reported a positive association of butter intake with endometrial cancer risk (OR = 1.14; 95% CI = 1.03-1.26, I-2 = 2.6%, p = 0.31). There was a significant negative association of dairy products intake and endometrial cancer risk among women with a higher body mass index (BMI) (5 studies, OR 0.66, 95% CI = 0.46-0.96, I-2 = 75.8%, p = 0.002). Stratifying the analyses by risk factors including BMI should be taken into account when exploring the association of dairy products intake with endometrial cancer risk. Further well-designed studies are needed.
Kefir milk alleviates benzene-induced immunotoxicity and hematotoxicity in rats; The adverse health effects of benzene occupational and circumstance pollution exposure are an increasing concern. It leads to damage to various human tissues including bone marrow and ovarian tissues and many vital physiological processes. Previous studies showed that kefir is a rich probiotic, having protective effect, thanks to its antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and immunomodulatory capacity. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential efficacy of kefir to remediate benzene toxicity in rat. Thirty-two female rats were randomly allocated and administered orally with benzene and/or kefir during a period of 21 consecutive days. At the end of the experiment, hematological and bone marrow cell changes were estimated. The animals exposed to benzene exhibited anemia and a significant decrease in the levels of white blood cell. Moreover, benzene led to the activation of gene expression of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), a myelotoxicity in bone marrow cells. Our data showed that kefir treatment alleviated benzene-associated weight loss and increased the number of whole blood cells in peripheral blood and nucleated cells in the bone marrow. Furthermore, these physiological results were observed with animals showing high concentrations of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) determined from fecal samples, which are considered an indicator of kefir-associated microorganisms. Our study suggests that kefir is a potential nutritional supplement target to attenuate hematotoxicity induced by benzene.
The impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy foods on symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease: an exploratory analysis based on a randomized controlled trial; Purpose Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a widely prevalent condition. High consumption of dairy foods and dietary fat are associated with worse GERD symptoms. However, existing data are inconsistent and mostly based on observational studies. The purpose of this exploratory analysis of a randomized controlled trial was to investigate the impact of low-fat and full-fat dairy food consumption on GERD symptoms. Methods Seventy-two participants with metabolic syndrome completed a 4-week wash-in diet during which dairy intake was limited to three servings of nonfat milk per week. Participants were then randomized to either continue the limited dairy diet or switch to a diet containing 3.3 servings per day of either low-fat or full-fat milk, yogurt and cheese for 12 weeks. Here, we report intervention effects on the frequency of acid reflux, and the frequency and severity of heartburn, exploratory endpoints assessed by a questionnaire administered before and after the 12-week intervention. Results In the per-protocol analysis (n = 63), there was no differential intervention effect on a cumulative heartburn score (p = 0.443 for the time by diet interaction in the overall repeated measures analysis of variance). Similarly, the intervention groups did not differentially affect the odds of experiencing acid regurgitation (p = 0.651). The intent-to-treat analyses (n = 72) yielded similar results. Conclusion Our exploratory analyses suggest that, in men and women with the metabolic syndrome, increasing the consumption of either low-fat or full-fat dairy foods to at least three servings per day does not affect common symptoms of GERD, heartburn and acid regurgitation compared to a diet limited in dairy.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Cardiovascular Diseases: An Overview of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Milk and dairy products containing milk fat are major food sources of saturated fatty acids, which have been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular-related clinical outcomes such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke. Therefore, current recommendations by health authorities advise consumption of low-fat or fat-free milk. Today, these recommendations are seriously questioned by meta-analyses of both prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting inconsistent results. The present study includes an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of follow-up studies, an overview of meta-analyses involving RCTs, and an update on meta-analyses of RCTs (2013-2018) aiming to synthesize the evidence regarding the influence of dairy product consumption on the risk of major cardiovascular-related outcomes and how various doses of different dairy products affect the responses, as well as on selected biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk, i.e., blood pressure and blood lipids. The search strategies for both designs were conducted in the MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Web of Science databases from their inception to April 2018. From the 31 full-text articles retrieved for cohort studies, 17 met the eligibility criteria. The pooled risk ratio estimated for the association between the consumption of different dairy products at different dose-responses and cardiovascular outcomes (CVD, CHD, and stroke) showed a statistically significant negative association with RR values <1, or did not find evidence of significant association. The overview of 12 meta-analyses involving RCTs as well as the updated meta-analyses of RCTs did not result in significant changes on risk biomarkers such as systolic and diastolic blood pressure and total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol. Therefore, the present study states that the consumption of total dairy products, with either regular or low fat content, does not adversely affect the risk of CVD.
The effects of dairy and dairy derivatives on the gut microbiota: a systematic literature review; The effects of dairy and dairy-derived products on the human gut microbiota remains understudied. A systematic literature search was conducted using Medline, CINAHL, Embase, Scopus, and PubMed databases with the aim of collating evidence on the intakes of all types of dairy and their effects on the gut microbiota in adults. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool.The search resulted in 6,592 studies, of which eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) met pre-determined eligibility criteria for inclusion, consisting of a total of 468 participants. Seven studies assessed the effect of type of dairy (milk, yogurt, and kefir) and dairy derivatives (whey and casein) on the gut microbiota, and one study assessed the effect of the quantity of dairy (high dairy vs low dairy). Three studies showed that dairy types consumed (milk, yogurt, and kefir) increased the abundance of beneficial generaLactobacillusandBifidobacterium. One study showed that yogurt reduced the abundance ofBacteroides fragilis, a pathogenic strain. Whey and casein isolates and the quantity of dairy consumed did not prompt changes to the gut microbiota composition. All but one study reported no changes to bacterial diversity in response to dairy interventions and one study reported reduction in bacterial diversity in response to milk intake.In conclusion, the results of this review suggest that dairy products such as milk, yogurt, and kefir may modulate the gut microbiota composition in favor to the host. However, the broader health implications of these findings remain unclear and warrant further studies.
Dairy consumption and risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: A meta-analysis of observational studies; Aim: Inconsistent results regarding the relations between consumption of dairy products and the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma ( ESCC) have been reported. In this report, we summarized the evidence by a meta-analysis of observational studies.
Milk and Dairy Product Consumption and Bladder Cancer Risk: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Some studies have reported that milk and dairy product consumption reduces bladder cancer incidence, whereas others have reported null or opposite findings. This meta-analysis of 26 cohort and case- control studies has been conducted to pool the risk of the association between milk and dairy products and bladder cancer. A systematic search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Web of Science (from inception to 30 April 2018) was conducted. Random-effects models were used to compute pooled estimates of RR for high or medium compared with low consumption of milk and dairy. Sensitivity analyseswere conducted. Subgroup analyseswere performed based on type of dairy, gender, geographic location, and type of study design. Random-effectsmeta-regression was used to evaluate other confounding factors. Overall, medium compared with low consumption was associated with lower pooled risk of bladder cancer for total dairy products (RR = 0.90; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.98), milk (RR = 0.90; 95% CI: 0.82, 0.98), and fermented dairy products (RR = 0.87; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.96). The inverse association for milk consumption was stronger in Asians (RR = 0.79; 95% CI: 0.59, 0.98) and in cohort design studies (RR = 0.85; 95% CI: 0.71, 0.99). Moreover, high compared with low consumption was significantly associated with a lower pooled risk for milk (RR = 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.98) and fermented dairy products (RR = 0.78; 95% CI: 0.61, 0.94). However, high compared with low consumption of whole milk was significantly associated with a higher risk (RR = 1.21; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.38). The statistical heterogeneity was considerable. In conclusion, the present meta-analysis suggests a decreased risk of bladder cancer associated with medium consumption of total dairy products and with medium and high consumption of milk and fermented dairy products. An increased risk of bladder cancer was observed with high consumption of whole milk. Interpretations of the results should be made with caution. This review was registered at www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero as CRD42018097020.
Imiquimod for treatment of vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia; We searched PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, LILACS, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases to assess the effectiveness and safety of 5% imiquimod cream in the treatment of vulvar and vaginal. intraepithetial neoplasia. From the results of the 17 relevant articles identified (1 reported on a randomized controlled trial, 10 reported on case series, and 6 were case reports), 26% to 100% of patients had complete regression, 0% to 60% had partial regression, and 0% to 37% experienced recurrence. The most common adverse events were local burning and soreness, but not severe enough for patients to discontinue treatment. From these reports imiquimod treatment leads to complete response in a considerable percentage of patients, and those who experience partial response will require less extensive excision. Treating vulvar and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia with 5% imiquimod cream therefore appears to be promising. (C) 2007 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ghee and Honey Dressing for Infected Wounds; Ghee and honey has been advocated and used as dressing for infected wounds by Sushruta (600BC) and since 1991 in four Mumbai Hospitals. The gratifying results observed with the dressing have prompted this study which aims to establish its efficacy in five recalcitrant subset of chronic infected wounds over a three year period 2006-2009. A standardized ghee and honey dressing was used to treat: a) Eight cases of fungating malignant lesions. b) Thirteen chronic venous ulcers. c) Twenty nine diabetic foot ulcers. d) Eleven of infected ventral hernia mesh hernioplasty. e) Eleven patient with post-cesarean wound dehiscence. The dressing markedly reduced the foul odour and discharge, significantly improving the quality of life in malignant lesions. The results were equivocal in cases of venous ulcers. The results were uniformly good in the last three groups. In view of our results, as also result of innumerable Randomized Control Trials (RCTs) reported on honey dressing for infected wounds, there is substantial evidence that ghee and honey dressing has at least comparable results to other modes of treatment. The easy availability and low cost of this treatment makes it significant in developing countries. Further trials seem warranted.
Intake of Fermented Dairy Products Induces a Less Pro-Inflammatory Postprandial Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell Gene Expression Response than Non-Fermented Dairy Products: A Randomized Controlled Cross-Over Trial; Scope It is aimed to investigate how intake of high-fat meals composed of different dairy products with a similar fat content affects postprandial peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) expression of inflammation-related genes, as well as circulating inflammatory markers and metabolites. Methods and results Healthy subjects (n= 47) consume four different high-fat meals composed of either butter, cheese, whipped cream, or sour cream in a randomized controlled cross-over study. Fasting and postprandial PBMC gene expression, plasma metabolites, and circulating inflammatory markers are measured. Using a linear mixed model, it is found that expression of genes related to lymphocyte activation, cytokine signaling, chemokine signaling, and cell adhesion is differentially altered between the four meals. In general, intake of the fermented products cheese and sour cream reduces, while intake of the non-fermented products butter and whipped cream increases, expression of these genes. Plasma amino acid concentrations increase after intake of cheese compared to the other meals, and the amino acid changes correlate with several of the differentially altered genes. Conclusion Intake of fermented dairy products, especially cheese, induces a less inflammatory postprandial PBMC gene expression response than non-fermented dairy products. These findings may partly explain inconsistent findings in studies on health effects of dairy products.
Feeding behaviors collected from automated milk feeders were associated with disease in group-housed dairy calves in the Upper Midwest United States; Automated milk feeders (AMF) are an attractive option for producers interested in adopting practices that offer greater behavioral freedom for calves and can potentially improve labor management. These feeders give farmers the opportunity to have a more flexible labor schedule and more efficiently feed group-housed calves. However, housing calves in group systems can pose challenges for monitoring calf health on an individual basis, potentially leading to increased morbidity and mortality. Feeding behavior recorded by AMF software could potentially be used as an indicator of disease. Therefore, the objective of this observational study was to investigate the association between feeding behaviors and disease in preweaning group-housed dairy calves fed with AMF. The study was conducted at a dairy farm located in the Upper Midwest United States and included a final data set of 599 Holstein heifer calves. The farm was visited on a weekly basis from May 2018, to May 2019, when calves were visually health scored and AMF data were collected. Calf health scores included calf attitude, ear position, ocular discharge, nasal discharge, hide dirtiness, cough score, and rectal temperatures. Generalized additive mixed models (GAMM) were used to identify associations between feeding behavior and disease. The final quasibinomial GAMM included the fixed (main and interactions) effects of feeding behavior at calf visit-level including milk intake (mL/d), drinking speed (mL/min), visit duration (min), rewarded (with milk being offered) and unrewarded (without milk) visits (number per day), and interval between visits (min), as well as the random effects of calf age in regard to their relationship with calf health status. Total milk intake (mL/d), drinking speed (mL/min), interval between visits (min) to the AMF, calf age (d), and rewarded visits were significantly associated with dairy calf health status. These results indicate that as total milk intake and drinking speed increased, the risk of calves being sick decreased. In contrast, as the inter- val between visits and age increased, the risk of calves being sick also increased. This study suggests that AMF data may be a useful screening tool for detecting disease in dairy calves. In addition, GAMM were shown to be a simple and flexible approach to modeling calf health status, as they can cope with non-normal data distribution of the response variable, capture nonlinear relationships between explanatory and response vari- ables and accommodate random effects.
Effect of tea saponins on milk performance, milk fatty acids, and immune function in dairy cow; This study investigated the effects of tea saponins (TSP) on milk performance, milk fatty acids, and blood immune function in dairy cows. A total of 20 early lactation Holstein cows (days in milk = 66.4 +/- 16.8 d; parity = 1.75 +/- 0.91; and milk yield = 36.3 +/- 7.32 kg/d; mean standard deviation) were randomly divided into 4 homogeneous treatment groups, with TSP added at 0, 20, 30, and 40 g/d per head, respectively. All cows had 2 wk of adaptation and 6 wk of treatments. Feed, milk, and blood were sampled and analyzed weekly. At the end of the experimental period (wk 6), the dry matter intake and yields of energy-corrected milk, milk, and milk protein, fat, and lactose in the cows fed TSP showed a quadratic response, with the lowest values in cows fed TSP at 40 g/d. The milk fat content of cows fed TSP increased linearly. Significant interactions for treatment by week were found in milk C16:1 cis-9 and C18:1 cis-9, with the highest values at wk 2, 3, and 4 in the cows fed TSP at 40 g/d. The levels declined quickly after 4 wk of feeding to values similar to those for other TSP treatments and the control at wk 5 and 6. Plasma malondialdehyde concentration decreased as the supplement level of TSP increased. The concentration of superoxide dismutase increased as the supplement level of TSP increased. The plasma concentration of tumor necrosis factor-a increased as the supplement level of TSP increased. In summary, this study showed that an intermediate dose of TSP (20 and 30 g/d) had no significant effect on feed intake, but the supplementation of 40 g/d TSP decreased feed intake, resulting in a lower milk yield. The energy-corrected milk of cows fed 40 g/d TSP declined at first but increased after 3 wk of feeding, indicating the potential adaptation to high doses of TSP supplements in dairy cows. The supplementation of TSP could reduce oxidative stress in cows and improve the immunity of dairy cows during 6 wk of feeding.
Consumption of dairy foods and diabetes incidence: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: A growing number of cohort studies suggest a potential role of dairy consumption in type 2 diabetes (T2D) prevention. The strength of this association and the amount of dairy needed is not clear.
Mortality, Culling by Sixty Days in Milk, and Production Profiles in High- and Low-Survival Pennsylvania Herds; The objectives were to describe culling patterns and reasons for culling across lactation, estimate mortality and the proportion of cows leaving from 21 d before an expected calving date through 60 d in milk (DIM; CULL60) for Pennsylvania (PA) dairy herds, and to describe production measures for herds with high and low mortality and CULL60. Weekly culling frequencies and reasons for culling from 3 wk before a reported expected calving date through >= 100 wk of lactation were calculated for all PA cows with at least 1 Dairy Herd Improvement test in 2005. It was estimated that at least 5.0% of PA dairy cows died in 2005, and that at least 7.6% were culled by 60 DIM. The majority of cows exiting the herd by 60 DIM either died (35.1%) or had a disposal code of injury/other (29.9%). A total of 137,951 test-day records from 20,864 cows in herds with high mortality (> 8.0%) and CULL60 (> 12.0%) and 136,906 test-day records from 12,993 cows in herds with low mortality (< 1.4%) and CULL60 (< 2.9%) were retained to describe differences among herds with high and low survival. Least squares means for weekly milk yield, fat and protein percentages, and somatic cell score (SCS) were estimated with a model that included fixed effects for herd environment (high or low survival) and week nested within herd environment and lactation; random effects were cow, herd-test-day, and error. Cows from herds with high mortality and CULL60 produced more milk in lactations 1 (+ 1.9 +/- 0.15 kg/d) and 2 (+ 0.9 +/- 0.16 kg/d), but less in lactations 4 (-0.7 +/- 0.22 kg/d), 5 (-1.4 +/- 0.29 kg/d), and >= 6 (-0.7 +/- 0.32 kg/d) and had higher SCS (+ 0.24 +/- 0.02), more change in early-lactation fat percentage (-1.77% vs. -1.59%), and a greater frequency of fat-protein inversions (3.6 +/- 0.3%). There is an opportunity to manipulate management practices to reduce mortality and early-lactation culling rates, which will improve cow welfare and the efficiency of dairy production by capturing a greater proportion of potential lactation milk yield, increasing cow salvage values, and reducing replacement costs.
Dairy Product Consumption and Risk of Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma: A Meta-Analysis; Many epidemiologic studies have explored the association between dairy product consumption and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), but the results remain controversial. A literature search was performed in PubMed, Web of Science and Embase for relevant articles published up to October 2015. Pooled relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated with a random-effects model. The dose-response relationship was assessed by restricted cubic spline. A total of 16 articles were eligible for this meta-analysis. The pooled RRs (95% CIs) of NHL for the highest vs. lowest category of the consumption of total dairy product, milk, butter, cheese, ice cream and yogurt were 1.20 (1.02, 1.42), 1.41 (1.08, 1.84), 1.31 (1.04, 1.65), 1.14 (0.96, 1.34), 1.57 (1.11, 2.20) and 0.78 (0.54, 1.12), respectively. In subgroup analyses, the positive association between total dairy product consumption and the risk of NHL was found among case-control studies (RR = 1.41, 95% CI: 1.17-1.70) but not among cohort studies (RR = 1.02, 95% CI: 0.88-1.17). The pooled RRs (95% CIs) of NHL were 1.21 (1.01, 1.46) for milk consumption in studies conducted in North America, and 1.24 (1.09, 1.40) for cheese consumption in studies that adopted validated food frequency questionnaires. In further analysis of NHL subtypes, we found statistically significant associations between the consumption of total dairy product (RR = 1.73, 95% CI: 1.22-2.45) and milk (RR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.08-2.06) and the risk of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. The dose-response analysis suggested that the risk of NHL increased by 5% (1.05 (1.00-1.10)) and 6% (1.06 (0.99-1.13)) for each 200 g/day increment of total dairy product and milk consumption, respectively. This meta-analysis suggested that dairy product consumption, but not yogurt, may increase the risk of NHL. More prospective cohort studies that investigate specific types of dairy product consumption are needed to confirm this conclusion.
Calf and replacement heifer mortality from birth until weaning in pasture-based dairy herds in New Zealand; The aims of this study were to (1) estimate the perinatal (birth to 24 h) and postnatal (-24 h to the mean weaning age of 13 wk) mortality risk in pasture -based dairy calves until weaning, and (2) identify associated risk factors in the 2015 calving season. A prospective survey of 32 seasonal calving dairy farms was undertaken. Farmers recorded (daily) the number and sex of the calves alive or dead in the paddocks where cows calved. All daily animal movements in and out of the calf rearing facilities, including death and euthanasia, and the identification of the animals (if applicable) were recorded, and a survey of the farm management practices was undertaken. Individual and farm-level risk factors for perinatal mortality were modeled separately using generalized logistic mixed models with a random effect fitted for herd. Postnatal mortality incidence risk was calculated using time at risk for each calf from 24 h of age, collapsed into weeks, and multiplying the incidence risk by the mean weaning age of the study population. Farm-level risk factors contributing to postnatal mortality in the first week of life were assessed using a multivariable logistic mixed regression model. The mean perinatal mortality risk was 5.7% (95% confidence interval 5.4 to 6.1%) with a range from 2.2 to 8.6% (18,437 calves, 30 farms). Perinatal calf mortality was greater for male relative to female calves (odds ratio 1.39; 95% confidence interval 1.22 to 1.59), calves born in the first week of the calving period in comparison to wk 2 to 11 (odds ratio 0.32 to 0.66), and those born on days with greater rainfall (odds ratio 1.01 per 1 mm increase; 95% confidence interval 1.00 to 1.02). At the farm level, perinatal mortality increased for every extra week of calving period length (odds ratio 1.12; 95% confidence interval 1.06 to 1.17). The mean postnatal mortality risk was 4.1% (95% confidence interval 3.6 to 4.6%) with a range of 0 to 11% between farms. Farm level risk factors contributing to mortality in the first week of life included farmer-reported disease problems in calves (odds ratio 2.2; 95% confidence interval 1.62 to 2.96), or calves hand-fed colostrum in the first 12 h of life (odds ratio 1.66; 95% confidence interval 1.26 to 2.19), which was assumed to be associated with poor colostrum quality and bacterial contamination. Regional differences were also observed in both perinatal and postnatal mortality risks, indicating that weather conditions, herd size, and management variations contribute to mortality incidence. In summary, the mortality risk of perinatal calves and postnatal calves until weaning on pasture-based farms is comparable with data published from other dairying systems despite the notable management differences. Several risk factors were identified that could be managed to reduce mortality incidence of dairy calves.
Estimation of regional genetic parameters for mortality and 305-d milk yield of US Holsteins in the first 3 parities; Several research reports have indicated increasing dairy cow mortality in recent years. The objectives of this research were to characterize the phenotypic differences in mortality in the first 3 parities across 3 regions of the United States to estimate the heritability of mortality of Holstein cows across regions and parities, and to estimate genetic and environmental correlations between milk yield and mortality across parities and regions. Dairy Herd Information (DHI) milk yield and mortality data were obtained from 3 different US regions: the Southeast (SE), Southwest (SW), and Northeast (NE). A total of 3,522,824 records for the first 3 parities were used: 732,009 (SE), 656,768 (SW), and 2,134,047 (NE) from 1999 to 2008. Cows that received a termination code of 6-"Cow died on the dairy; downer cows that were euthanized should be included here"-were given a mortality score of 2 (dead), whereas all other codes were assigned a mortality score of 1 (alive). Average annual mortalities in the first 3 parities across regions ranged from 2.2 to 7.2%, with mortality frequency increasing with increasing parity across all regions and with the SE having the highest mortality frequency. For genetic analysis, a 2-trait (305-d milk yield and mortality) linear-threshold animal model that fitted fixed effects of herd-year (for 305-d milk yield), cow age, days in milk (in month classes), month-of-termination, and random effects of herd-year (for mortality), animal, and residual was implemented. The model was used to estimate variance components separately for each region and parity. Heritability estimates for mortality were similar for all regions and parities, ranging from 0.04 to 0.07. Genetic correlations between mortality and 305-d milk yield across the first 3 parities were 0.14, 0.20, and 0.29 in SE; -0.01, 0.01, and 0.31 in SW; and 0.28, 0.33, and 0.19 in NE. We detected an adverse genetic relationship between milk production and mortality; however, the moderate magnitudes of the genetic correlations suggest that indices that include both.milk yield and mortality could be effective in identifying sires that would provide opportunities for minimizing death loss even when selecting for increased milk yield.
Does fortification of pasteurized donor human milk increase the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis among preterm neonates? A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To compare the effect of fortified pasteurized donor human milk (PDHM) versus unfortified PDHM on the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and immediate outcome among preterm neonates. Methods: This randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital, south India included 80 healthy preterm neonates randomized to two groups (Group A and B). Neonates in Group A and B were fed with fortified PDHM and unfortified PDHM, respectively. Neonates in both groups were managed uniformly as per standard NICU protocol. The primary outcome was the incidence of NEC and the secondary outcomes included severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain. Neonates were followed up for 28 days or discharge whichever was earlier. Results: The baseline maternal and neonatal characteristics in both groups were comparable. There was no increase in incidence of NEC in fortified PDHM group compared to unfortified PDHM group (2.5 versus 7.5%, p = .31). Severity of NEC, incidence of sepsis, mortality, duration of hospital stay, number of days to reach full enteral feeds and weight gain were also similar in both groups. Conclusions: Standard fortification of PDHM does not increase the incidence of NEC among preterm neonates.
Milk and dairy consumption and incidence of cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality: dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: The consumption of dairy products may influence the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, but conflicting findings have been reported.
Risk factors for smallholder dairy cattle mortality in Tanzania; A retrospective cross-sectional study of mortality was conducted on smallholder dairy farms in 2 separate regions (Iringa and Tanga) of Tanzania during the period of January to April 1999. A total of 1789 cattle from 400 randomly sampled smallholder dairy farms (200 each from Iringa and Tanga regions) were included in the study. These animals contributed a total risk period of 690.4 and 653.95 years for Tanga and Iringa, respectively. The overall mortality rates were estimated to be 8.5 and 14.2 per 100 cattle years risk for Tanga and Iringa regions, respectively; 57.7 % of the reported deaths were of young stock less than 12 months old; 45 % of reported young stock deaths (<= 12 months old) were due to tick-borne diseases, mainly East Coast Fever (ECF) and anaplasmosis. Disease events including ECF were reported to occur in all months of the year. Survival analysis using Cox proportional hazard models indicated that, in both regions, death rate and risk was higher in young stock less than 12 months than in older animals (relative risk RR = 4.92, P < 0.001 for Iringa; RR = 5.03 P = 0.005 for Tanga). In the Tanga region reported mortality rates were significantly higher for male animals (RR = 3.66, P = 0.001) and 02 compared with F1 animals (RR = 3.04, P = 0.003). In the Iringa region, reported mortality rates were lower for cattle on farms where the owner had attended a dairy development project training course (RR = 0.47, P = 0.012). Farms located in Iringa urban district and Pangani were associated with higher risk (mortality risk 21 % for Iringa urban and 34 % for Pangani). Our findings suggest that timely health and management interventions on these factors are necessary to alleviate losses from disease and emphasise that understanding variation in mortality risk within a population can enhance early response to potential outbreaks, reducing losses.
A survey of management practices that influence calf welfare and an estimation of the annual calf mortality risk in pastured dairy herds in Uruguay; Despite the importance of dairy farming in Uruguay, little information on dairy systems in this country is available in the scientific literature, and management practices that influence calf welfare at the herd level have not been explored. The aims of this study were to (1) describe the prepartum and calf-rearing systems, as well as the management practices that may influence calf welfare in pastured dairy herds in Uruguay, (2) estimate the annual calf mortality risk from birth to weaning, and (3) identify the primary clinical disease syndromes shown by the calves before death. A survey comprising a farm visit and a questionnaire was conducted on 225 randomly selected dairies with >30 milking cows, in 3 strata (31-99, 100-299, and >= 300 milking cows) of 6 Uruguayan departments where dairies are concentrated. Retrospective information from July 2013 to June 2014 was collected. A descriptive analysis was performed and results were inferred into the national dairy cattle population. Several management practices that could contribute to poor calf welfare were identified in a large proportion of farms. The annual calf mortality risk (calves that died between birth and weaning/calves born death or alive x 100, n = 149 farms) was 15.2%. Age at weaning averaged 75 d. Farmers reported that the most common clinical syndromes were diarrhea and respiratory disease in 85.2% and 47.5% of the farms, respectively. There was no continuous veterinary advice in 61.3% of the farms, 20.0% lacked data records, 38.5% had poor drainage in the prepartum area with waterlogging after rainfall, 52.1% monitored the prepartum area <= 2 times per day during the calving season, 65.1% did not perform navel antisepsis on newborns, 62.3% separated the calves from their clams at >24 h postpartum, 95.2% did not have a colostrum management program, 72.4% did not rotate the calf-rearing areas, 59.0% did not disinfect the calf feeders, 85.7% did not have staff dedicated exclusively to calf rearing, and 39.8% did not separate sick from healthy calves. The average volume of milk or milk replacer offered per calf was 4.5 L/day. Several of the identified management practices that affect calf welfare in the prepartum and calf-rearing periods could explain the high mortality risk. An effort should be made to conduct extension work focusing on the dissemination of good management practices to improve calf welfare and reduce calf mortality in Uruguayan dairy farms.
Association Between Dairy Product Consumption and Colorectal Cancer Risk in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Epidemiologic Studies; Dairy product consumption may decrease colorectal cancer (CRC) risk, but very few studies have evaluated the association between different types of dairy products and CRC location. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to examine the associations between dairy product consumption and CRC incidence. Summary RRs and ORs with 95% CIs were estimated. A total of 15 cohort studies and 14 case-control studies comprising a total of >22,000 cases were included in the quantitative synthesis. The cohort studies showed a consistent significant decrease in CRC risk associated with higher consumption of total dairy products (RR: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.70, 0.91) and total milk (RR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.76, 0.88) compared with the CRC risk associated with lower consumption. These studies also showed a significant protective association between low-fat milk consumption and CRC (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.88), but only for colon cancer (RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.61, 0.87). Cheese consumption was inversely associated with the risk of CRC (RR: 0.85; 95% CI: 0.76, 0.96) and proximal colon cancer (RR: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.91). No significant associations with CRC were found for the consumption of low-fat dairy products, whole milk, fermented dairy products, or cultured milk. Most of these associations were not supported by the case- control studies. In conclusion, high consumption of total dairy products and total milk was associated with a lower risk of developing CRC at any anatomic location, including the proximal and distal colon and the rectum. Low-fat milk consumption was associated with a lower risk of CRC, but this association was restricted to colon cancer. Cheese consumption was associated with the prevention of CRC, specifically proximal colon cancer. Further studies on larger samples and with longer follow-up periods, along with appropriately designed and executed clinical trials, are warranted to determine whether dairy product consumption affects CRC development.
The impact of diets rich in low-fat or full-fat dairy on glucose tolerance and its determinants: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dairy foods, particularly yogurt, and plasma biomarkers of dairy fat intake are consistently inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes. Yet, few trials assessing the impact of dairy on glucose homeostasis include fermented or full-fat dairy foods.
Is Butter Back? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Butter Consumption and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes, and Total Mortality; Background
Quantifying calf mortality on dairy farms: Challenges and solutions; In the Netherlands, the mortality rate of ear-tagged calves <1 yr is one of the indicators that is continuously monitored in census data and is defined as the number of deceased calves relative to the number of calf-days-at-risk. In 2017, yearly calf mortality rates were published in the lay press and resulted in discussions about the calculation of this parameter among stakeholders because the same parameter appeared to be calculated in many different ways by different organizations. These diverse definitions of calf mortality answered different aims such as early detection of deviations, monitoring trends, or providing insight into herd-specific results, but were difficult to understand by stakeholders. The aim of this study was to evaluate several definitions of calf mortality for scientific validity, usefulness for policymakers, and comprehensibility by farmers. Based on expert consultations, 10 definitions for calf mortality were evaluated that assessed different age categories, time periods, and denominators. Differences in definitions appeared to have a large effect on the magnitude of mortality. For example, with the original mortality parameter, the mortality rate was 16.5% per year. When the first year of life was subdivided into 3 age categories, the mortality rate was 3.3, 4.5, and 3.1% for postnatal calves (<= 14 d), preweaned calves (15-55 d), and weaned calves (56 d-1 yr), respectively. Although it was logical that these mortality rates were lower than the original, the sum of the 3 separate mortality rates was also lower than the original mortality rate. The reason was that the number of calves present in a herd and the risk of mortality are not randomly distributed over a calf's first year of life and the conditional nature of mortality rates when calculated for different age categories. Ultimately, 4 parameters to monitor calf mortality in Dutch dairy herds were chosen based on scientific value, usefulness for monitoring of trends, and comprehensibility by farmers: perinatal calf mortality risk (i.e., mortality before, during, or shortly after the moment of birth up to the moment of ear-tagging), postnatal calf mortality risk (<= 14 d), preweaned calf mortality rate (15-55 d), and weaned calf mortality rate (56 d-1 yr). Slight differences in definitions of parameters can have a major effect on results, and many factors have to be taken into account when defining an important health indicator such as mortality. Our evaluation resulted in a more thorough understanding of the definitions of the selected parameters and agreement by the stakeholders to use these key indicators to monitor calf mortality.
Milk Consumption and Mortality from All Causes, Cardiovascular Disease, and Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Results from epidemiological studies of milk consumption and mortality are inconsistent. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies assessing the association of non-fermented and fermented milk consumption with mortality from all causes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. PubMed was searched until August 2015. A two-stage, random-effects, dose-response meta-analysis was used to combine study-specific results. Heterogeneity among studies was assessed with the I-2 statistic. During follow-up periods ranging from 4.1 to 25 years, 70,743 deaths occurred among 367,505 participants. The range of non-fermented and fermented milk consumption and the shape of the associations between milk consumption and mortality differed considerably between studies. There was substantial heterogeneity among studies of non-fermented milk consumption in relation to mortality from all causes (12 studies; I-2 = 94%), cardiovascular disease (five studies; I-2 = 93%), and cancer (four studies; I-2 = 75%) as well as among studies of fermented milk consumption and all-cause mortality (seven studies; I-2 = 88%). Thus, estimating pooled hazard ratios was not appropriate. Heterogeneity among studies was observed in most subgroups defined by sex, country, and study quality. In conclusion, we observed no consistent association between milk consumption and all-cause or cause-specific mortality.
Dairy Intake and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease; Purpose of Review Due to inconsistent findings on dairy consumption and CVD and all-cause mortality, we performed a narrative literature review to the current literature on dairy and its association with CVD. Recent Findings Due to their complex biochemistry, dairy consumption is a rather heterogeneous exposure. Multiple pathways have been proposed from dairy consumption and CVD. Current guidelines advocate for consumption of low-fat dairy products particularly milk, cheese, and yogurt, although the evidence for this is scant. Randomized clinical trials and large prospective studies on lipid-related cardiometabolic disease risk factors are consistent with results from most meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which suggest null or inverse relationship between CVD risk and mortality with dairy consumption although there is no clear dose response relationship. Most of current evidence suggests that dairy products are neutral or positive effect on human cardiovascular diseases.
Dairy product consumption and gastric cancer risk: A meta-analysis; AIM: To investigate whether dairy product consumption is a risk factor for gastric cancer.
Dairy foods and risk of stroke: A meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background and aims: Epidemiological studies evaluating the association of dairy foods with risk of stroke have produced inconsistent results. We conducted a meta-analysis to summarize the evidence from prospective cohort studies regarding the association between dairy foods and risk of stroke.
Anal intraepithelial neoplasia - Is treatment better than observation?; Anal Intraepithelial Neoplasia (AIN) is an increasingly common condition for which the best treatment has not been well established. Traditional management was based on a 'watch and wait' strategy, but as the natural history of AIN and its progression to anal cancer is becoming better understood, more active treatment strategies are warranted. A Best Evidence Topic in Surgery was written according to a structured protocol to address the question whether treatment is indicated in patients with AIN. A total of 169 papers were identified using the defined search criteria. This included only one randomised controlled trial. Case series were therefore also included to help answer the question. The details of the papers were tabulated including relevant outcomes and study weaknesses. We conclude that treatment of high grade AIN, particularly in high risk groups is recommended to try to avoid progression to anal cancer. Treatment options that have shown some benefit include topical use of imiquimod cream or ablation directed by high resolution anoscopy. (C) 2013 Surgical Associates Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence; Background: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat.
Reasons and risk factors for on-farm mortality in Estonian dairy herds; Mortality of dairy cattle causes financial loss for the farmer and reflects animal welfare status. The aim of this study was to determine the on-farm mortality (unassisted death and euthanasia), reasons, as well as risk factors for on-farm mortality in Estonian dairy cattle. Data of years 2013 and 2014 about all cattle from dairy herds in Estonia was collected from the Estonian Agricultural Registers and Information Board. The dataset included records of 363,380 animals from 2616 herds. Multivariable Weibull proportional hazard models with herd as random effect were composed for detecting significant associations between potential risk factors and on-farm mortality (composed outcome including unassisted death and euthanasia). Data from Estonian Livestock Performance Recording Ltd was used to determine the reasons for on-farm mortality.
Dietary dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: a prospective study using dietary data from a 7-day food diary; Aim/hypothesis The aim of this study was to investigate the association between total and types of dairy product intake and risk of developing incident type 2 diabetes, using a food diary.
Kefir treatment ameliorates dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis in rats; AIM: To investigate the preventive effect of kefir on colitis induced with dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) in rats.
Comparing Dermolina-Henna Cream with Mometasone Cream in Improving Radiodermatitis Among Patients with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Active-Control Double-Blind Clinical Trial; Objectives: Radiotherapy is one of the treatments used for different types of cancer. Acute radiodermatitis is one of its most common complications. Despite the high prevalence of radiodermatitis, few studies investigated how to prevent or treat this complication. Hence, a standard treatment has not been introduced so far. We sought to evaluate the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream, a new polyherbal formulation, compared to Mometasone cream for alleviating acute radiodermatitis among breast cancer patients.Design: Randomized active-control double-blind clinical trial.Setting/Location: The oncology clinic of Shohaday-e Tajrish Hospital (Tehran, Iran).Subjects: Women older than 18 years with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy.Interventions: Patients were instructed to apply a thin layer of Dermolina-Henna or Mometasone cream once daily on their lesions at least 3 h after radiotherapy for 4 weeks, and if grade I or II radiodermatitis developed, also afterward. Patients were visited weekly until end of study at after 4 weeks. Radiation Therapy Oncology Group standard questionnaires were evaluated and recorded every week as the primary outcome.Outcome measures: Primary outcome was defined as evaluating the efficacy of Dermolina-Henna cream to change the radiodermatitis grade, while the level of patients' satisfaction and the rate of adverse events recorded by patients were secondary outcomes.Results: The trends on decrease in number of lesions, erythema, radiodermatitis grade, burning sensation, pain, and itchiness were statistically significant for each treatment, separately (p < 0.001), except for radiodermatitis grade in Mometasone group (p = 0.4). Dermolina-Henna was significantly better than Mometasone in alleviating burning sensation (p < 0.001) and itchiness (p = 0.041). Approximately 3.7% of patients showed adverse events and 3.7% declared dissatisfaction in both groups.Conclusions: In summary, we showed that Dermolina-Henna cream and Mometasone cream were significantly effective in decreasing severity of radiodermatitis symptoms among patients with breast cancer. Dermolina-Henna cream was significantly superior to Mometasone cream in alleviating burning and itchiness.
The effects of viral vaccination of dairy heifer calves on the incidence of respiratory disease, mortality, and growth; Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is one of the most common infectious causes of morbidity and mortality in young dairy cattle. The objective of this randomized clinical trial was to determine the effectiveness of 1 or 2 doses of a 5-way, modified-live viral vaccine, administered to heifer calves before weaning to aid in the prevention of BRD. The hypotheses were that vaccination would reduce the incidence of BRD and mortality, and that 2 doses would be more effective than 1. A total of 2,874 heifer calves from 19 commercial dairy farms in Minnesota and Ontario were enrolled at 1 to 7 d of age and were followed until 3 mo of age. Calves were randomly assigned to receive a commercial, intramuscular, modified-live vaccine against bovine viral diarrhea virus types 1 and 2, bovine respiratory syncytial virus, bovine herpesvirus type 1, and parainfluenza virus type 3 at 15 to 21 d of age (2 wk only), 35 to 42 d (5 wk only), both 2 and 5 wk, or sterile saline at both times (unvaccinated controls). The incidence of failure of passive transfer was 11 or 32%, using cut-points of serum total protein of 5.2 and 5.7 g/dL, respectively. Overall, 22% of calves were treated at least once for BRD. The incidence risk of naturally occurring BRD was 7.7% before 2 wk of age, 8.0% between 2 and 5 wk, and 9.5% between 5 wk and 3 mo of age, and was not different between vaccination groups. Overall mortality throughout the 3-mo study period was 3.5%. Mortality was 1.6% before 2 wk of age, 0.5% between 2 and 5 wk, and 1.2% between 5 wk and 3 mo of age. The risk of mortality was not affected by vaccination. Mean average daily gain of 1.07 kg/d from 5 wk to 3 mo of age was not different between vaccine groups. In this population of commercial, home-raised calves, with an overall low incidence of failure of passive transfer, intramuscular vaccination with a multivalent, modified live viral vaccine at 2 or 5 wk of age or both was not associated with a decreased risk of BRD or mortality, or with growth until 3 mo of age. Reasons for these findings may include interference by maternal antibodies, unresponsiveness of the neonatal immune system, timing of immunity relative to pathogen exposure, disease caused by pathogens other than the viruses in the vaccine, or herd immunity. However, in populations with higher incidence of failure of passive transfer or risk of BRD, calves with low levels of specific antibodies may respond differently to vaccination.
Dairy products, polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor gene and colorectal adenoma recurrence; Vitamin D receptor (VDR) activation inhibits proliferation and angiogenesis in the colorectal epithelium, and inhibits metastasis of colorectal tumors. Polymorphisms in the VDR gene alter receptor cellular levels and functioning, and may confer altered susceptibility to colorectal neoplasia. We aimed to investigate the influence of VDR polymorphisms and dietary factors impacting on vitamin D metabolism on colorectal adenoma (CRA) recurrence. Data on dietary intakes of calcium, vitamin D and dairy products were collected from 853 participants in the United Kingdom Colorectal Adenoma Prevention trial, a randomized trial of aspirin and folate for CRA recurrence prevention. The VDR Cdx2, FokI, BsmI, ApaI and TaqI polymorphisms were genotyped in 546 participants with available DNA, and gene-diet interaction analyses performed in 480. Dairy product intake was inversely related to CRA recurrence risk independent of calcium and vitamin D [relative risk (RR) = 0.64; 95% confidence intervals (CIs): 0.47-0.88, for subjects in the highest compared to lowest intake tertile, p(trend) = 0.005]. Milk accounted for 60% of dairy product intake, and on analysis of milk and nonmilk dairy products separately recurrence risk in individuals in the highest tertile of milk intake was half that of lowest tertile individuals (RR = 0.52; 95% CI: 0.38-0.72, p(trend) = 3.2 X 10(-5)), whereas nonmilk dairy products did not influence recurrence. VDR polymorphism genotypes and haplotypes did not directly alter recurrence risk, but the reduction in risk associated with high dairy product intake was confined to individuals with ApaI aA/AA genotype (p(interaction) = 0.02). These findings indicate dairy products, and in particular milk, have chemopreventive activity against CRA recurrence. (C) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Topical vitamin K1 may not be effective in preventing acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer; Background: Several studies have described the efficacy of topical vitamin K1 cream in the prevention and treatment of acneiform rash during cetuximab treatment. Objectives: An interventional study with a historical control was conducted to investigate the efficacy of vitamin K1 cream for acneiform rash associated with cetuximab. Methods: For the historical control, data were collected from 40 patients with metastatic colorectal cancer who had participated in a previous clinical trial of cetuximab plus irinotecan. The experimental group consisted of 61 patients who were instructed to prophylactically apply topical vitamin K1 cream beginning on the first day of cetuximab treatment. The incidence, severity, and time to occurrence of acneiform rash were compared between groups. Results: The incidence of grade >= 2 acneiform rash after 4 weeks of cetuximab treatment was 42.5% in the historical control group and 55.5% in the experimental group. The median time to grade >= 2 rash in the experimental group was 4 weeks compared to 6 weeks in the historical control group (p = 0.340). By multivariate analysis, male gender was the only independent risk factor for grade 2 or worse acneiform rash (HR = 2.49; 95% CI, 1.27-4.88; p = 0.007). Prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not decrease the risk of acneiform rash (HR = 1.33; 95% CI, 0.57-3.10; p = 0.507). Conclusions: The prophylactic application of topical vitamin K1 cream did not translate into clinically meaningful benefit in terms of reducing acneiform rash in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab.
Effects of dietary supplementation with ghee, hydrogenated oil, or olive oil on lipid profile and fatty streak formation in rabbits; BACKGROUND: Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of mortality worldwide. A high-fat diet, rich in saturated fatty acids and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids, is said to be an important cause of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases.
Association of dietary intake of milk and dairy products with blood concentrations of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) in Bavarian adults; Purpose Circulating IGF-1 concentrations have been associated with higher cancer risk, particularly prostate, breast and colorectal cancer. There is evidence from observational and intervention studies that milk and dairy products intake is associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations, but results were not always consistent. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between dairy intake and circulating IGF-1 concentrations in participants of the Second Bavarian Food Consumption Survey, thereby providing data for a German population for the first time. Methods In this cross-sectional study of 526 men and women aged 18-80 years, in contrast to most previous investigations, dietary intake was assessed with a more detailed instrument than food frequency questionnaires (FFQs), i.e., by three 24-h dietary recalls conducted on random days close in time to the blood collection. Circulating IGF-1 concentrations were measured in blood samples. Multivariable linear regression models were used to examine the association of dairy intake with IGF-1 concentrations. Results Each 400 g increment in daily dairy intake was associated with 16.8 mu g/L (95% CI 6.9, 26.7) higher IGF-1 concentrations. Each 200 g increment in milk per day was associated with 10.0 mu g/L (95% CI 4.2, 15.8) higher IGF-1. In contrast, we observed no association between cheese or yogurt intake and IGF-1 concentrations. Conclusions Our findings are in line with most previous investigations and support the hypothesis that dairy and milk intake are associated with higher IGF-1 concentrations.
A randomized controlled trial investigating the effect of transport duration and age at transport on surplus dairy calves: Part II. Impact on hematological variables; Surplus dairy calves often arrive at veal and dairy -beef rearing facilities with health and blood metabolite level abnormalities, which can affect their welfare and performance, predisposing them to future health chal-lenges. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to investigate the effects of transport duration and age at the time of transport on blood parameters in surplus dairy calves following 6, 12, or 16 h of con-tinuous road transportation. All surplus calves from 5 commercial dairy farms in Ontario were enrolled and examined daily before transport (n = 175). On the day of transportation, calves were weighed, blood sampled, and randomly assigned to 6, 12, or 16 h of transportation. Blood samples were then collected im-mediately after transportation, as well as 24, 48, and 72 h thereafter. Serum was analyzed at a provincial diag-nostic laboratory for nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyric acid (BHBA), creatine kinase (CK), cholesterol, and haptoglobin. In addition, blood gas and electrolyte values were also assessed at the time of sample collection. Mixed models with repeated mea-sures were used to assess the effects of transport dura-tion, breed, sex, transfer of passive immunity status, weight before transportation, and age at transportation on blood parameters. Immediately following transpor-tation, NEFA and BHBA were greater for calves trans-ported for 12 h (A = 0.22 mmol/L NEFA, 95% CI = 0.15 to 0.30; A = 0.04 mmol/L BHBA, 95% CI = 0.02 to 0.06) and 16 h (A = 0.35 mmol/L NEFA, 95% CI = 0.27 to 0.42; A = 0.10 mmol/L BHBA, 95% CI = 0.08 to 0.11) compared with calves transported for 6 h. Glu-cose was lower immediately following transportation in calves transported for 16 h compared with 6 h (A = -15.54 mg/dL, 95% CI = -21.54 to -9.54). In addi- tion, pH and HCO3- were lower in calves transported for 12 (A = -0.09 pH, 95% CI = -0.13 to -0.05; A = -1.59 mmol/L HCO3-, 95% CI = -2.61 to -0.56) and 16 h (A = -0.07 pH, 95% CI = -0.12 to -0.03; A = -1.95 mmol/L HCO3-, 95% CI = -2.95 to -0.95) compared with calves transported for 6 h. Calves transported between 15 and 19 d of age had a higher concentration of cholesterol and CK (A = 0.27 mmol/L cholesterol; 37.18 U/L CK) compared with 2-to 6-d-old calves, and calves 12 to 14 d old had greater reduction in HCO3- (A = -0.92 mmol/L) compared with 2-to 6-d-old calves. These findings show that transporting calves for long distances results in lower glucose con-centration and suboptimal energy status, and that this effect varies based on the calf's age.
Effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on the performance of Japanese quails; An experiment was conducted to assess the effect of dietary supplementation of ghee residue on growth performance of Japanese quails. Ghee residue (GR) was included in the diet at 0 (T-1), 5 (T-2), 10 (T-3) and 15 (T-4) percent levels and fed to 500 Japanese quails, randomly divided into four treatment groups with five replicates each with twenty birds. The experimental diet was isocaloric and isonitrogenous. The estimated TME, CP and EE of GR were 4800kcal/kg, 24.46% and 40.78%, respectively. The highest body weight (213.55g) with best FE (2.62) was observed at 5% GR fed group (T (2)). Feed consumption and mortality did not differ significantly among various treatments. Slaughter yield was highest at 5% GR fed group. However, the body weight, FE and carcass yield at 5 and 10% GR fed groups remained statistically similar to that of control. Organoleptic study revealed that the meat of 10% GR fed group (T-3) was more acceptable compared to others. Breast muscle cholesterol level was highest in GR fed groups (T-2 to T-4) compared to control (T-1). GR Supplementation at all levels resulted in reduction of feed cost with highest reduction at 15% level (Rs. 1.46/kg) but reduction in performance was observed at the same level. It was concluded that ghee residue could be included in the broiler quail diet as an energy, protein and fat source up to 10% level.
<i>Short communication:</i> Space allocation in intensive Mediterranean buffalo production influences the profile of functional biomolecules in milk and dairy products; The aim of the present study was to determine if space allocation influenced the concentration of biomolecules in buffalo milk and dairy products. Intensively housed buffaloes (n = 96) were randomly assigned to 2 groups according to days in milk, parity, and milk yield: group S10 had a space allocation of 10 m(2) per buffalo and group S15 had a space allocation of 15 m(2) per buffalo. Individual milk yield was recorded daily. Twice a month, a bulk milk sample was collected for each group, as well as whey, ricotta, and mozzarella cheese, to assess cheese yield and to conduct HPLC-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry, milk antioxidant activity, and cell viability analyses. We tested milk extracts from the 2 groups in vitro to evaluate their efficacy in counteracting endothelial oxidative damage induced by high glucose. We evaluated reproductive function in 28 buffaloes from each group using the Ovsynch-timed artificial insemination program. We observed no differences in milk quantity or quality in terms of fat, protein, or lactose, and reproductive function did not differ between the 2 groups. Compared with group S10, group S15 had higher concentrations of carnitine (56.7 +/- 1.1 vs. 39.8 +/- 0.7 mg/L in milk and 40.9 +/- 0.8 vs. 31.7 +/- 0.7 mg/L in whey), acetyl-l-carnitine (51.9 +/- 0.3 vs. 39.7 +/- 0.7 mg/L in milk and 41.1 +/- 1.7 vs. 28.7 +/- 2.6 mg/L in whey), propionyl-l-carnitine (34.8 +/- 1.0 vs. 21.0 +/- 0.9 mg/L in milk and 26.9 +/- 0.8 vs. 17.6 +/- 1.2 mg/L in whey), glycine betaine (23.1 +/- 1.9 vs. 13.5 +/- 1.6 mg/L in milk and 10.7 +/- 0.4 vs. 7.9 +/- 0.5 mg/L in whey), and delta-valerobetaine (24.2 +/- 0.5 vs. 16.7 +/- 0.5 mg/L in milk and 22.0 +/- 0.9 vs. 15.5 +/- 0.7 mg/L in whey). Group S15 also had higher total antioxidant activity than group S10 (56.7 +/- 1.9 vs. 46.4 +/- 1.13 mM Trolox equivalents). Co-incubation of high-glucose-treated endothelial cells with milk extracts from group S15 improved cell viability compared with cells treated with high glucose only; it also reduced intracellular lipid peroxidation (144.3 +/- 0.4 vs. 177.5 +/- 1.9%), reactive oxygen species (141.3 +/- 0.9 vs. 189.3 +/- 4.7 optical density units), and cytokine release (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6). Greater space allocation was associated with higher levels of biomolecules in buffalo milk. This could have been the result of improved welfare in buffaloes that were allocated more space.
Topical 5-fluorouracil for treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 2: a randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of intravaginal application of 5% 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) for the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) 2 in women.
Incidence and Predictors of Calf Morbidity and Mortality From Birth to 6-Months of Age in Dairy Farms of Northwestern Ethiopia; The Ethiopian government has initiatives for expanding the commercial and smallholder market-oriented urban and peri-urban dairy production systems to meet the demands for dairy products. However, there have been only limited on-farm studies on the health performance of commercial dairy breeds. The aim of this longitudinal study was to quantify the incidence and identify predictors of calf morbidity and mortality from birth to 6 months of age in urban and peri-urban dairy farms of Northwest Ethiopia. A total of 439 calves aged below 6 months from 174 dairy farms were included in the study. We collected data on 35 potential risk factors to determine their effect on calf morbidity and mortality in the area. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to summarize survival probability. The Cox proportional hazard regression model with shared frailty to account for unmeasured herd-specific heterogeneity was also used to identify and quantify factors associated with time to morbidity and mortality. Among 439 calves enrolled for 6 months of follow-up period, a total of 141 morbidities and 54 mortality events were recorded. This gives an overall morbidity and mortality incidence rates of 64 per 100-calf 6-months at risk (risk rate of 47.3%) and 19 per 100-calf 6-months at risk (risk rate of 17.9%), respectively. Diarrhea was the most frequent calf health problem with a risk rate of 25.2%. It was the cause of death for 33.3% of all the 54 calf deaths. Next to diarrhea, pneumonia ranked second with risk rate of 8.6% and was responsible for death of 12.9% of all the 54 calf deaths. Among 35 potential risk factors, calf age, vigor status at birth, calf breed, colostrum ingestion, and herd size were significant (p < 0.05) predictors of calf morbidity and mortality. The Cox-shared frailty model revealed that the herd frailty component had no significant effect on hazard estimates of the covariates of all-cause morbidity and mortality. This implies that the dairy herds participated in the study were homogeneous in the distribution of unmeasured random effects. In conclusion, the magnitude of calf morbidity and mortality was higher and above economically tolerable level in this study. This could impede the success of Ethiopia's dairy development initiative in general, and the livelihood of smallholder dairy producers in particular. Therefore, educating farmers aimed at mitigating the identified risk factors can reduce calf morbidity and mortality in the study areas.
Enhanced udder health and milk yield of dairy cattle on compost bedding systems during the dry period: A comparative study; Housing and, specifically, bedding are of utmost importance for health, productivity and longevity of dairy cattle. "Compost bedding" (CB) is an alternative way of loose-housing that is currently being implemented in many regions world-wide. It has verifiable positive effects on lactating cows, and it can be expected to be beneficial also for dried cows. The objective of the present study was to analyze the possible benefits of applying a CB system during the dry-period for the health (udder and uterine health), and for reproductive and productive performance during the following lactation of mature cows when compared to cows allocated on straw bedding. A total of 423 Holstein cows were randomly distributed at drying-off into a CB-Group (n=242) and a straw-bedded group (S-group; n=181). After calving, the management was the same for all cows. Data on milk yield, pregnancy after first insemination (P/FAI), somatic cell counts (SCC), incidence of clinical mastitis, metritis and cytological endometritis, and mortality/culling rate were recorded. While no differences in P/FAI and mortality rate, nor in the incidence of clinical metritis or endometritis between groups were detected, there did emerge positive effects of CB-systems on udder health [lower incidence of the first mastitis-cases, 22.1 vs. 35%; P=0.004, of second-mastitis cases, 6.8 vs. 15%; P=0.009, and a positive tendency in SCC (96.1 +/- 135.2 vs. 139.5 +/- 242.6 cells/L; P=0.08)]. Moreover, increased milk yield/cow during the first 100 days of the following lactation (3778 +/- 887 vs. 3538 +/- 991 L/lactation; P=0.011) and milk yield/day-in-milk (38.38 +/- 7.3 vs. 36.70 +/- 7.5 L/d; P=0.022) were observed. These findings, added to the saving of straw costs and waste disposal, encourage the implementation of CB-systems in dairy farms. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Human papillomavirus infection: protocol for a randomised controlled trial of imiquimod cream (5%) versus podophyllotoxin cream (0.15%), in combination with quadrivalent human papillomavirus or control vaccination in the treatment and prevention of recurrence of anogenital warts (HIPvac trial); BackgroundAnogenital warts are the second most common sexually transmitted infection diagnosed in sexual health services in England. About 90% of genital warts are caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 6 or 11, and half of episodes diagnosed are recurrences. The best and most cost-effective treatment for patients with anogenital warts is unknown. The commonly used treatments are self-administered topical agents, podophyllotoxin (0.15% cream) or imiquimod (5% cream), or cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen. Quadrivalent HPV (qHPV) vaccination is effective in preventing infection, and disease, but whether it has any therapeutic effect is not known.Methods and designTo investigate the efficacy of clearance and prevention of recurrence of external anogenital warts by topical treatments, podophyllotoxin 0.15% cream or imiquimod 5% cream, in combination with a three-dose regimen of qHPV or control vaccination. 500 adult patients presenting with external anogenital warts with either a first or subsequent episode of anogenital warts will be entered into this randomised, controlled partially blinded 2x2 factorial trial.DiscussionThe trial is expected to provide the first high-quality evidence of the comparative efficacy and cost-effectiveness of the two topical treatments in current use, as well as investigate the potential benefit of HPV vaccination, in the management of anogenital warts.Trial registrationThe trial was registered prior to starting recruitment under the following reference numbers: International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN) Registry - ISRCTN32729817 (registered 25 July 2014); European Union Clinical Trials Register (EudraCT) - 2013-002951-14 (registered 26 June 2013).
Effect of two types of soy milk and dairy milk on plasma lipids in hypercholesterolemic adults: A randomized trial; Objective: To compare the effects of two commercially available soy milks (one made using whole soy beans, the other using soy protein isolate) with low-fat dairy milk on plasma lipid, insulin, and glucose responses. Design: Randomized clinical trial, cross-over design.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC-2 trial): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Cervical dysplasia (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN)) is caused by Human Papillomavirus (HPV) and is most common in women of reproductive age. Current treatment of moderate to severe CIN is surgical. This procedure has potential complications, such as haemorrhage, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. Moreover, 15% of women treated for high grade CIN develop residual/recurrent CIN or cervical cancer after surgical excision. Finally, 75-100% of patients with a residual and recurrent CIN 2-3 lesion are still HPV positive. They could possibly benefit from an alternative medical treatment, which aims to eliminate HPV.
Consumption of Dairy Foods and Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review; Limited consumption of dairy foods and use of low-fat products is recommended for cardiovascular (CV) prevention; however, other features besides fat content modulate their metabolic effects. We analyze updated evidence on the relationship of different dairy products (low/full-fat dairy, milk, cheese, yogurt) with CVD by reviewing meta-analyses of cohort studies and individual prospective cohort studies with CV hard endpoints (CVD/CHD incidence/mortality), together with meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials exploring the effect of dairy on major CV risk factors. The analyses provide evidence that moderate dairy consumption (up to 200 g/day, globally) has no detrimental effects on CV health and that their effect depends more on the food type (cheese, yogurt, milk) than on the fat content. These data expand current knowledge and may inform revision of current guidelines for CVD prevention.
Economics of feeding pasteurized colostrum and pasteurized waste milk to dairy calves; Objective-To estimate the marginal contribution of pasteurization of waste milk and colostrum to gross margin per calf at weaning and to estimate the minimum number of cattle on a dairy farm for pasteurization to be profitable.
Effectiveness and Acceptability of a Moisturizing Cream and a Barrier Cream During Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Inconsistent evidence about product effectiveness to prevent moist desquamation during radiation treatment and minimal research about the acceptability to patients of recommended products prompted this study.
Surgical excision versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal-cell carcinoma (SINS): a multicentre, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial; Background Basal-cell carcinoma is the most common form of skin cancer and its incidence is increasing worldwide. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of imiquimod cream versus surgical excision in patients with low-risk basal-cell carcinoma.
Skin treatment with Bepanthen cream versus no cream during radiotherapy - A randomized controlled trial; In several radiotherapy departments, dexpanthenol cream (Bepanthen 'Roche') has been used extensively to ameliorate acute radiotherapy skin reactions. The evidence base for this practice is obscure as no randomized trials have been performed. In the present clinical prospective study of 86 patients we have compared Bepanthen cream with no topical ointment at all. The cream was applied on randomly selected parts of treatment fields in laryngeal and breast cancer patients, and so each patient acted as his own control. Seven patients were withdrawn from analysis. Scoring of skin reactions in 16 laryngeal and 63 breast cancer patients was performed without knowledge of which area that had been given cream or not. Endpoints were a modified skin reaction grading according to EORTC/RTOG, and itching/pain in treated fields. The study did not indicate any clinically important benefits of using Bepanthen cream for ameliorating radiogenic skin reactions under the conditions applied.
Elevated dairy fat intake in lactating women alters milk lipid and fatty acids without detectible changes in expression of genes related to lipid uptake or synthesis; Previous work has demonstrated that elevated maternal lipid intake (particularly from dairy products) is associated with increased lipids and altered fatty acid profile in milk produced by healthy lactating women. To investigate our primary hypothesis that a maternal diet rich in full-fat dairy products would simultaneously increase milk lipid percent and expression of genes related to the uptake and/or de novo biosynthesis of milk lipids, we provided 15 lactating women with diets enriched in full-fat or nonfat dairy products for 14 days each in a randomized, crossover study with a 2-week washout period. Milk fat (%) was lower when women consumed the low-fat compared with the full-fat dairy diet (2.41% +/- 0.31% vs 3.35% +/- 0.28%, respectively; P < .05); concentrations of more than 20 fatty acids also differed. However, neither conservatively evaluated microarray data nor quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis uncovered any treatment effects on expression of genes related to lipid synthesis or uptake. These data suggest that alteration in gene expression in the lactating human mammary gland is likely not the primary mechanism by which consumption of a high-fat diet affects milk fat percent in healthy, lactating women. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Milk Fermented with Lactic Acid Bacteria on Diarrheal Incidence, Growth Performance and Microbiological and Blood Profiles of Newborn Dairy Calves; The effect of the administration of milk fermented with lactic acid bacteria to calves was evaluated. The strains included were: Lactobacillus murinus CRL1695, Lact. mucosae CRL1696, Lact. johnsonii CRL1693, and Lact. salivarius CRL1702, which were selected for their beneficial and functional properties and isolated from healthy calves in the northwestern region of Argentina. The trial was conducted on a dairy farm located in Tucuman (Holando-Argentino calves). A randomized controlled trial was performed in which 56 new-born animals were divided into two groups: the treated group (T) received the fermented milk for 60days and the control group (C) only milk. The animals were fed a solid diet ad libitum. The treated group was given a daily dose of 1x10(9)CFU of the probiotic fermented milk while the control group was fed milk. Body weight and biometrical parameters were recorded between 15 and 60days of age, and average daily gain was calculated with three samplings per animal throughout the trial. Rectal swabs and fecal and blood samples were also collected. Results showed the efficacy of the probiotic: lower morbidity and mortality of calves (morbidity was 69.20% in animals without the probiotic, and 46.15% in probiotic-treated animals, with P=0.09; mortality in C was 34.61 and 7.69% in animals fed with ferment milk; P=0.02).The calves fed with probiotic evidenced an improvement in nutritional parameters, body condition and weight gain (health index P=0.01; average daily gain P=0.03).Viable bacterial numbers showed no differences between the two experimental groups. Hematological parameters and serum proteins were not modified by the treatment. The results suggest that the fermented milk containing lactic acid bacteria can be a viable veterinary product for young calves due to its beneficial effects on health and growth.
Dairy product consumption and risk of hip fracture: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Dairy product consumption may affect the risk of hip fracture, but previous studies have reported inconsistent findings. The primary aim of our meta-analysis was to examine and quantify the potential association of dairy product consumption with risk of hip fracture.
Consumption of Dairy Products and the Risk of Developing Breast Cancer in Polish Women; Lack of consistency in the relationship between dairy products consumption and breast cancer (BC) risk motivated us to evaluate this association in a case-control study of BC among Polish women. The study includes 1699 women 26-79 years of age, 823 BC cases identified in Cancer Registries and 876 randomly selected controls from the national population registry. Using a validated, semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), the consumption of dairy products was collected for a time period of 10-15 years prior to BC diagnosis. We used logistic regression, adjusting for potential confounders, to assess the relationship between total dairy consumption as well as individual dairy groups of milk, cottage cheese and hard cheese and BC risk for premenopausal and postmenopausal women. For total consumption, a significant decrease in BC risk was observed with increased consumption of one serving/week, OR (trend) = 0.98, 2% decrease in risk, for premenopausal women only. For milk, a significant decrease in BC risk was observed for an increase in consumption of one glass/week, OR (trend) = 0.95, 5% decrease, in both strata of menopause. In contrast, for hard cheese, a significant increase in the risk of 10% was observed only in premenopausal women, OR (trend) = 1.10. Cottage cheese consumption significantly reduced BC risk by 20%, OR (trend) = 0.80, for an increase in one serving/week for postmenopausal women only. Our results show that individual dairy products have a statistically significant but bi-directional relationship with BC risk, which differs for premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) is the premalignant condition of cervical cancer. Whereas not all high grade CIN lesions progress to cervical cancer, the natural history and risk of progression of individual lesions remain unpredictable. Therefore, high-grade CIN is currently treated by surgical excision: large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ). This procedure has potential complications, such as acute haemorrhage, prolonged bleeding, infection and preterm birth in subsequent pregnancies. These complications could be prevented by development of a non-invasive treatment modality, such as topical imiquimod treatment. The primary study objective is to investigate the efficacy of topical imiquimod 5 % cream for the treatment of high-grade CIN and to develop a biomarker profile to predict clinical response to imiquimod treatment. Secondary study objectives are to assess treatment side-effects, disease recurrence and quality of life during and after different treatment modalities.
Dairy products and pancreatic cancer risk: a pooled analysis of 14 cohort studies; .Pancreatic cancer has few early symptoms, is usually diagnosed at late stages, and has a high case-fatality rate. Identifying modifiable risk factors is crucial to reducing pancreatic cancer morbidity and mortality. Prior studies have suggested that specific foods and nutrients, such as dairy products and constituents, may play a role in pancreatic carcinogenesis. In this pooled analysis of the primary data from 14 prospective cohort studies, 2212 incident pancreatic cancer cases were identified during follow-up among 862 680 individuals. Adjusting for smoking habits, personal history of diabetes, alcohol intake, body mass index (BMI), and energy intake, multivariable study-specific hazard ratios (MVHR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using the Cox proportional hazards models and then pooled using a random effects model. There was no association between total milk intake and pancreatic cancer risk (MVHR = 0.98, 95% CI = 0.82-1.18 comparing a parts per thousand yen500 with 1-69.9 g/day). Similarly, intakes of low-fat milk, whole milk, cheese, cottage cheese, yogurt, and ice-cream were not associated with pancreatic cancer risk. No statistically significant association was observed between dietary (MVHR = 0.96, 95% CI = 0.77-1.19) and total calcium (MVHR = 0.89, 95% CI = 0.71-1.12) intake and pancreatic cancer risk overall when comparing intakes a parts per thousand yen1300 with < 500 mg/day. In addition, null associations were observed for dietary and total vitamin D intake and pancreatic cancer risk. Findings were consistent within sex, smoking status, and BMI strata or when the case definition was limited to pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Overall, these findings do not support the hypothesis that consumption of dairy foods, calcium, or vitamin D during adulthood is associated with pancreatic cancer risk.
Milk, milk products and lactose intake and ovarian cancer risk: A meta-analysis of epidemiological studies; It has been proposed, on the basis of animal models and ecological studies, that consumption or metabolism of dairy sugar may increase the risk of ovarian cancer. Case-control and cohort studies of the association between lactose and dairy food consumption and ovarian cancer risk, however, have yielded varied findings. We summarized the available literature on this topic using a meta-analytic approach. Random-effects models were used to estimate the summary relative risks (RRsummary). A linear regression analysis of the natural logarithm of the was carried out to assess a possible dose-response relationship between lactose intake and ovarian cancer risk. Eighteen case-control and 3 prospective cohort studies were eligible for inclusion in the meta-analysis. The findings of case-control studies were heterogeneous, and, except for whole milk (RRsummary for highest vs. lowest category = 1.27, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.97-1.68), do not provide evidence of positive associations between dairy food and lactose intakes with risk of ovarian cancer. In contrast, the 3 cohort studies are consistent and show significant positive associations between intakes of total dairy foods, low-fat milk, and lactose and risk of ovarian cancer. The RRsummary for a daily increase of 10 g in lactose intake (the approximate amount in I glass of milk) was 1.13 (95% CI = 1.05-1.22) for cohort studies. In conclusion, prospective cohort studies, but not case-control studies, support the hypothesis that high intakes of dairy foods and lactose may increase the risk of ovarian cancer. (c) 2005 Wiley-Liss. Inc.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: Dairy product and calcium intakes have been associated with increased prostate cancer risk, but whether specific dairy products or calcium sources are associated with risk is unclear.
Effect of dietary organic selenium on milk selenium concentration and antioxidant and immune status in midlactation dairy cows; This study aimed to investigate the effects of the dietary selenium (Se) source on milk yield, milk Se concentration and antioxidant and immune status in dairy cows. Fourteen multiparous Holstein cows with similar dry matter intake (DMI), milk yield and parity were randomly divided into two groups with seven replicates in each group. The cows in both groups were fed basal diets supplemented with 03 mg Se/kg DM from sodium selenite or Se yeast, and the background Se level of the basal diet was 0.02 mg/kg DM. The experimental period lasted for 60 days. The results indicated that the DMI, milk yield and composition were not affected by the dietary Se source (P>0.10). During the entire experimental period, Se yeast supplementation significantly increased the serum glutathione peroxidase activity and decreased the malondialdehyde content (P=0.00) compared with selenite. The serum selenoprotein P content (30 d), thioredoxin reductase and catalase activities (60 d), and total antioxidant capacity (60 d) were also higher <0.05) with Se yeast supplementation than with selenite. Compared with selenite, organic Se supplementation increased the values of immunoglobulin (Ig) A and soluble CD4/soluble CD8 on day 30, soluble CD4 on day 60, and interleuldn (IL)-1 during the trial (P <0.05). However, other measures of immunity, such as IgM, IgG, soluble CD8, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6 and tumour necrosis factor, were not affected by the dietary Se source (p > 0.10). The total Se in the whole blood and milk were higher with Se yeast supplementation than selenite (P <0.05), and the milk Se concentration was increased markedly over the duration of Se supplementation from day 30 to 60. These results suggested that Se yeast may be more effective than sodium selenite in improving the antioxidant status and increasing the whole blood and milk Se concentrations of dairy cows. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dairy goat health management and milk production on organic and conventional system in Brazil; The aimed of this article is to measure risk factors on health and milk production on organic and conventional dairy goats in Brazil. Two experimental groups (organic and conventional) were evaluated simultaneously. The study design was completely randomized. The organic herd consisted of 25 goats and 15 kids. In the conventional production system, a dairy herd comprising 40 goats and 20 kids participated in the study. Data on milk production and health management were available from January 2007 to December 2009. The abortion rate in the conventional system was 5% (2/40) whereas in organic system no abortion was diagnosed (0/25). The mortality rate at weaning in the conventional system was 5% (2/40) and in the organic system was 8% (2/25). Milk production was lower (2.20 kg/day) in organic than conventional system (2.66 kg/day). Goats and kids in organic farm had a higher FEC (386 +/- 104 and 900 +/- 204, respectively) (p<0.05) than those in conventional farm (245 +/- 132 and 634 +/- 212, respectively). In addition, Saanen kids had higher FEC (p<0.001) than goats. Treatment with antiparasitic drugs was higher in conventional system (50%) than organic system (1.3%).
Effects of repeated episodes of generic clinical mastitis on mortality and culling in dairy cows; Bovine clinical mastitis (CM) can be detrimental to a dairy farm's profitability, not only in terms of lost production and treatment costs, but also because of the loss of the cows themselves. Our objective was to estimate the effects of multiple occurrences of generic bovine CM on mortality and culling. We studied 16,145 lactations from 5 large, high-producing dairy herds, with 3,036 first, 758 second, and 288 third CM cases observed in the first 10 mo after calving. Generalized mixed models, with a random herd effect, were used to quantify the effect of CM on mortality and culling. Other control variables included in the models were parity, stage of lactation, and other diseases. Clinical mastitis in the current month significantly increased mortality in all parities. Among primipara, odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were 5.6 (1.7, 18.0), 23.3 (7.1, 76.2), and 27.8 (3.7, 209.9) for the first, second, and third CM episode, respectively. Among multipara, respective estimates were 9.9 (7.4, 13.2), 12.0 (8.0, 18.0), and 11.5 (6.1, 21.4). Clinical mastitis significantly increased the risk of a cow being culled for a period of at least 2mo after any CM case. Our findings provide dairy producers with information on mortality and culling associated with CM cases without considering the causative agent, and can also be used for economic analysis of CM management options.
Dairy consumption and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Epidemiologic findings are inconsistent regarding risk for breast cancer related to dairy consumption. We performed a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies to examine the association between diary product consumption and risk of breast cancer. A PubMed database search through January 2011 was performed for relevant studies. We included prospective cohort studies that reported relative risks with 95% confidence intervals for the association of dairy consumption and breast cancer risk. A random effects model was used to calculate the summary risk estimates. We identified 18 prospective cohort studies eligible for analysis, involving 24,187 cases and 1,063,471 participants. The summary relative risk of breast cancer for the highest intake of total dairy food compared with the lowest was 0.85 (95% confidence interval: 0.76-0.95), with evidence of heterogeneity (P = 0.01, I (2) = 54.5%). For milk consumption, the summary relative risk was 0.91 (95% confidence interval: 0.80-1.02), and substantial heterogeneity was observed (P = 0.003, I (2) = 59.7%). Subgroup analyses based on limited numbers of studies suggested that the associations were somewhat stronger for low-fat dairy intake than for high-fat dairy intake and for premenopausal women than for postmenopausal women. There was a significant dose-response relationship of total dairy food, but not milk, consumption with breast cancer risk. Little evidence of publication bias was observed. In conclusion, findings of the present meta-analysis indicate that increased consumption of total dairy food, but not milk, may be associated with a reduced risk of breast cancer.
Surgery versus combined treatment with curettage and imiquimod for nodular basal cell carcinoma: One-year results of a noninferiority, randomized, controlled trial; Purpose: Nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC) is mostly treated with surgical excision. Interest in minimally invasive treatment of these low-risk tumors is increasing. We assessed the effectiveness of nBCC treatment with curettage and imiquimod cream compared with surgical excision.
Dairy Consumption and Risks of Colorectal Cancer Incidence and Mortality: A Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Background: Previous studies of dairy consumption and colorectal cancer incidence have shown inconsistent results, and there was no meta-analysis of association of dairy consumption with colorectal cancer mortality. Thus, we conducted a comprehensive analysis of prospective cohort studies to investigate these associations.
Heat stress related dairy cow mortality during heat waves and control periods in rural Southern Ontario from 2010-2012; Background: Heat stress is a physiological response to extreme environmental heat such as heat waves. Heat stress can result in mortality in dairy cows when extreme heat is both rapidly changing and has a long duration. As a result of climate change, heat waves, which are defined as 3 days of temperatures of 32 degrees C or above, are an increasingly frequent extreme weather phenomenon in Southern Ontario. Heat waves are increasing the risk for on-farm dairy cow mortality in Southern Ontario. Heat stress indices (HSIs) are generally based on temperature and humidity and provide a relative measure of discomfort which can be used to predict increased risk of on-farm dairy cow mortality. In what follows, the heat stress distribution was described over space and presented with maps. Similarly, on-farm mortality was described and mapped. The goal of this study was to demonstrate that heat waves and related HSI increases during 2010-2012 were associated with increased on-farm dairy cow mortality in Southern Ontario.
Effect of oral administration of kefir on serum proinflammatory cytokines on 5-FU induced oral mucositis in patients with colorectal cancer; In order to investigate the effect of kefir consumption on mucositis induced by 5-FU based chemotherapy (CT), we monitored the systemic immune response by measurement of the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and we evaluated the anti-microbial effect of kefir with an agar diffusion method. Forty patients with colorectal cancer were included in this randomized prospective study. On the first 5 days of each CT cycle, the study group received oral lavage with kefir and then swallowed 250 ml of kefir while control group received oral lavage with 0.09% NaCl twice a day. Before and after every cycle of CT, the oral mucosa was assessed. Serum proinflammatory cytokine levels were evaluated before the initiation and after the third and the sixth cycle. Kefir was administered in 99 out of 205 courses. Mucositis developed in 27.3% of the courses given with kefir administration and in 21.7% of the courses given with 0.9% NaCl oral rinses. The difference between the two groups was not statistically significant (p > 0.05). When we compared the serum proinflammatory cytokine levels of the two groups at the baseline and following the third and the sixth cycles, we again found no statistically significant difference (p > 0.05). Kefir consumption at the mentioned doses made no statistically significant effect on serum proinflammatory cytokine levels and on the incidence of mucositis development in cancer patients. Under in vitro conditions, kefir inhibits only Staphylococcus epidermidis.
Fermented milk supplemented with probiotics and prebiotics can effectively alter the intestinal microbiota and immunity of host animals; Fermented milk supplemented with 2 probiotic strains, Bifidobacterium lactis Bi-07 and Lactobacillus acidophilus NUM, and a prebiotic, isomaltooligosaccharide, was orally administered to 100 healthy adults at 480 g/d for 2 wk in a randomized controlled trial. The fecal bacterial compositions of these subjects were examined by culture before and after the intervention. The same fermented milk was also orally fed to BALB/c mice, and immune as well as fecal bacteria analyses were conducted using the same culturing methods. After the intervention, increases in fecal bifidobacteria and lactobacilli were observed among the subjects compared with the subjects in the control group. In contrast, after the intervention, fecal enterobacilli were significantly decreased in the test group compared with the control group. The same effects on the composition of the intestinal microbiota were observed in mice. Furthermore, the tested mice were found to have significantly increased delayed-type hypersensitivity, plaque-forming cells, and half-hemolysis values after the intervention with the fermented milk. In summary, the synbiotic fermented milk containing probiotics and prebiotic may contribute to improve intestinal health and may have a positive effect on the humoral and cell-mediated immunity of host animals.
Gel of chamomile vs. urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized controlled trial; AimTo compare a gel made with chamomile (Chamomilla recutita) with a cream of urea as an intervention to delay the time to occurrence of radiation dermatitis.
Dairy consumption and CVD: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Inverse associations between dairy consumption and CVD have been reported in several epidemiological studies. Our objective was to conduct a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies of dairy intake and CVD. A comprehensive literature search was conducted to identify studies that reported risk estimates for total dairy intake, individual dairy products, low/full-fat dairy intake, Ca from dairy sources and CVD, CHD and stroke. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to generate summary relative risk estimates (SRRE) for high v. low intake and stratified intake dose-response analyses. Additional dose-response analyses were performed. Heterogeneity was examined in sub-group and sensitivity analyses. In total, thirty-one unique cohort studies were identified and included in the meta-analysis. Several statistically significant SRRE below 1.0 were observed, namely for total dairy intake and stroke (SRRE=091; 95 % CI 083, 099), cheese intake and CHD (SRRE=082; 95 % CI 072, 093) and stroke (SRRE=087; 95 % CI 077, 099), and Ca from dairy sources and stroke (SRRE=069; 95 % CI 060, 081). However, there was little evidence for inverse dose-response relationships between the dairy variables and CHD and stroke after adjusting for within-study covariance. The results of this meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies have shown that dairy consumption may be associated with reduced risks of CVD, although additional data are needed to more comprehensively examine potential dose-response patterns.
Lactose oxidase: An enzymatic approach to inhibit <i>Listeria monocytogenes</i> in milk; Listeria monocytogenes is a ubiquitous pathogen that can cause morbidity and mortality in immuno-compromised individuals. Growth of L. monocytogenes is possible at refrigeration temperatures due to its psychrotrophic nature. The use of antimicrobials in dairy products is a potential way to control L. monocytogenes growth in processes with no thermal kill step, thereby enhancing the safety of such products. Microbial-based enzymes offer a clean-label approach for control of L. monocytogenes outgrowth. Lactose oxidase (LO) is a microbial-derived enzyme with antimicrobial properties. It oxidizes lactose into lactobionic acid and reduces oxygen, generating H2O2. This study investigated the effects of LO in UHT skim milk using different L. monocytogenes contamination scenarios. These LO treatments were then applied to raw milk with various modifications; higher levels of LO as well as supplementation with thiocyanate were added to activate the lactoperoxidase system, a natural antimicrobial system present in milk. In UHT skim milk, concentrations of 0.0060, 0.012, and 0.12 g/L LO each reduced L. monocytogenes counts to below the limit of detection between 14 and 21 d of refrigerated storage, dependent on the concentration of LO. In the 48-h trials in UHT skim milk, LO treatments were effective in a concentration-dependent fashion. The highest concentration of LO in the 21-d trials, 0.12 g/L, did not show great inhibition over 48 h, so concentrations were increased for these experiments. In the lower inoculum, after 48 h, a 12 g/L LO treatment reached levels of 1.7 log cfu/mL, a reduction of 1.3 log cfu/mL from the initial inoculum, whereas the control grew out to approximately 4 log cfu/mL, an increase of 1 log cfu/mL from the inoculum on d 0. When a higher challenge inoculum of 5 log cfu/mL was used, the 0.12 g/L and 1.2 g/L treatments reduced the levels by 0.2 to 0.3 log cfu/mL below the initial inoculum and the 12 g/L treatment by >1 log cfu/mL below the initial inoculum by hour 48 of storage at refrigeration temperatures. After the efficacy of LO was determined in UHT skim milk, LO treatments were applied to raw milk. Concentrations of LO were increased, and the addition of thiocyanate was investigated to supplement the effect of the lactoperoxidase system against L. monocytogenes. When raw milk was inoculated with 2 log cfu/mL, 1.2 g/L LO alone and combined with sodium thiocyanate reduced similar to 0.8 log cfu/mL from the initial inoculum on d 7 of storage, whereas the control grew out to >1 log cfu/ mL from the initial inoculum. Furthermore, in the higher inoculum,1.2 g/L LO combined with sodium thiocyanate reduced L. monocytogenes counts from the initial inoculum by >1 log cfu/mL, whereas the control grew out 2 log cfu/mL from the initial inoculum. Results from this study suggest that LO is inhibitory against L. monocytogenes in UHT skim milk and in raw milk. Therefore, LO may be an effective treatment to prevent L. monocytogenes outgrowth, increase the safety of raw milk, and be used as an effective agent to prevent L. monocytogenes proliferation in fresh cheese and other dairy products. This enzymatic approach is a novel application to control the foodborne pathogen L. monocytogenes in dairy products.
GWAS-Based Identification of New Loci for Milk Yield, Fat, and Protein in Holstein Cattle; Simple Summary
Saturated fats, dairy foods and health: A curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death and morbidity worldwide. Dietary guidelines aim to restrict the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVD due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. As dairy foods are major contributors of dietary SFA, there have been guidelines to reduce consumption of these foods. However, it is now generally accepted that the effects of reducing intake of SFA are dependent on what replaces them in the diet. Reduced CVD risk has been associated with replacement of SFA with cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids (cis-PUFA) and/or cis-monounsaturated fatty acids (cis-MUFA), with replacement by carbohydrate leading to no reduction or even increased CVD risk. Most studies on the effect of diet/food on CVD risk have used total cholesterol (TC) and/or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in blood as the marker(s) of risk. However, because of potentially attenuating effects of dairy foods (e.g. effect of protein on blood lipids and blood pressure; food matrix effects on fat bioavailability), a wider range of markers is needed to more fully evaluate disease risk. Nevertheless, whilst prospective evidence shows no increase in CVD risk from high dairy consumption, it is still unclear whether replacing a proportion of SFA in dairy fat with cis-MUFA will lead to reduced CVD risk. The relatively few randomised controlled trials that have examined this using TC/LDL-C as risk markers give some indications of reduced CVD risk from consumption of milk and dairy products with modified fatty acid composition, compared with those of normal milk fat composition. The results of ongoing studies will add valuable new evidence on this issue.
Effects of wildfire smoke exposure on innate immunity, metabolism, and milk production in lactating dairy cows; Wildfires are particularly prevalent in the Western United States, home to more than 2 million dairy cows that produce more than 25% of the nation's milk. Wildfires emit fine particulate matter (PM2.5) in smoke, which is a known air toxin and is thought to contribute to morbidity in humans by inducing inflammation. The physiological responses of dairy cows to wildfire PM2.5 are unknown. Herein we assessed the immune, meta-bolic, and production responses of lactating Holstein cows to wildfire PM2.5 inhalation. Cows (primiparous, n = 7; multiparous, n = 6) were monitored across the wildfire season from July to September 2020. Cows were housed in freestall pens and thus were exposed to ambient air quality. Air temperature, relative humidity, and PM2.5 were obtained from a monitoring station 5.7 km from the farm. Animals were considered to be ex-posed to wildfire PM2.5 if daily average PM2.5 exceeded 35 mu g/m3 and wildfire and wind trajectory mapping showed that the PM2.5 derived from active wildfires. Based on these conditions, cows were exposed to wild-fire PM2.5 for 7 consecutive days in mid-September. Milk yield was recorded daily and milk components analysis conducted before, during, and after exposure. Blood was taken from the jugular vein before, during, and after exposure and assayed for hematology, blood chemistry, and blood metabolites. Statistical analysis was conducted using mixed models including PM2.5, temperature-humidity index (THI), parity (primiparous or multiparous), and their interactions as fixed effects and cow as a random effect. Separate models included lags up to 7 d to identify delayed and persistent effects from wildfire PM2.5 exposure. Exposure to elevated PM2.5 from wildfire smoke resulted in lower milk yield during exposure and for 7 d after last exposure and higher blood CO2 concentration, which persisted for 1 d following exposure. We observed a positive PM2.5 by THI interaction for eosinophil and basophil count and a negative PM2.5 by THI interaction for red blood cell count and hemoglobin concentration after a 3-d lag. Neutrophil count was also lower with a combination of higher THI and PM2.5. We found no discernable ef-fect of PM2.5 on haptoglobin concentration. Effects of PM2.5 and THI on metabolism were contingent on day of exposure. On lag d 0, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) was reduced with higher combined THI and PM2.5, but on subsequent lag days, THI and PM2.5 had a positive interaction on BUN. Conversely, THI and PM2.5 had a positive interacting effect on nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) on lag d 0 but subsequently caused a reduction in circulating NEFA concentration. Our results suggest that exposure to high wildfire-derived PM2.5, alone or in concert with elevated THI, alters systemic metabo-lism, milk production, and the innate immune system.
A double-blind randomised controlled trial of a natural oil-based emulsion (Moogoo Udder Cream®) containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for managing radiation-induced skin reactions in patients with cancer; Background: Radiation-induced skin reaction (RISR) is one of the most common and distressing side effects of radiotherapy in patients with cancer. It is featured with swelling, redness, itching, pain, breaks in skin, discomfort, and a burning sensation. There is a lack of convincing evidence supporting any single practice in the prevention or management of RISR.
Calf morbidity and mortality in smallholder dairy farms in Ada'a Liben district of Oromia, Ethiopia; A longitudinal observational study on calf morbidity and mortality was conducted in smallholder dairy farms in Ada'a Liben district of Oromia, Ethiopia. A total of 185 calves from 112 market oriented smallholder dairy farms were selected randomly and regularly monitored for clinical health problems up to six months of age. Information on potential risk factors was collected by personal observation during the regular visit to farms and from questionnaire survey conducted during the study period.
Association of dairy intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality in 21 countries from five continents (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background Dietary guidelines recommend minimising consumption of whole-fat dairy products, as they are a source of saturated fats and presumed to adversely affect blood lipids and increase cardiovascular disease and mortality. Evidence for this contention is sparse and few data for the effects of dairy consumption on health are available from low-income and middle-income countries. Therefore, we aimed to assess the associations between total dairy and specific types of dairy products with mortality and major cardiovascular disease.
A cross-sectional study of associations between herd-level calf mortality rates, compliance with legislation on calf welfare, and milk feeding management in Norwegian dairy herds; Our aim was to investigate the associations between management factors, compliance with current legislation, and herd-level calf mortality. In a national calf welfare audit, veterinary inspectors front the Norwegian Food Safety Authority assessed compliance with current legislation on calf welfare (n = 912 herds). Nine criteria were assessed and rated as satisfactory (1) or not satisfactory (0): housing, natural behavior, single pens, colostrum feeding, feeding, water, surveillance, illness/injuries, and <5% mortality rate. In addition, a short questionnaire on milk feeding management for 3-wk-old calves was distributed to all national calf welfare audit herds, and data on mortality and disease recordings were obtained from the Norwegian Dairy Herd Recording System (NDHRS). A herd welfare compliance score (WCS) for each farm was constructed, summarizing the results for the individual criteria. Most herds had a high WCS (median 9.0, range 2-9). Fifty-six percent of the national calf welfare audit herds (508/912) responded to the questionnaire. We performed a cross-sectional study using a data set from 431 herds with available data on recorded disease and mortality events from the NDHRS, recordings from the national calf welfare audit, and the questionnaire. A mixed-effects negative binomial model with Norwegian Food Safety Authority district as the random effect was fitted to the data. Of the 416 herds with available data on calf mortality, 108 (25.9%) reported no mortality in 2016, and the median 6-mo mortality rate was 0.064 (interquartile range 0-0.11) dead calves per 6 calf-months at risk, based on NDHRS recordings. Calf mortality rates were higher in herds whose calves did not have free access to water (incidence rate ratio 1.29; 95% confidence interval 1.02-1.64) and higher in herds that had reported calf disease events (incidence rate ratio 1.31; 95% confidence interval 1.09-1.54). Neither the WCS nor any of the calf milk feeding management factors were associated with mortality, but more than half of producers (59.6%) fed less milk than currently recommended for 3-wk-old calves (8 L/d first 3 to 4 wk). These results indicate that a lack of access to water was associated with higher calf mortality rates. Herds with registered calf disease events had a higher incidence rate ratio of mortality. This finding may be linked to suboptimal calf management, leading to more calf diseases and mortality; or it may be that veterinary consultancy occurs too late or only for the worst cases. There is room for improvement in Norwegian dairy calf management, and water should be provided to young calves.
Randomized controlled clinical trial on the effect of oral immunoglobulin supplementation on neonatal dairy calves with diarrhea; Background Nonantibiotic alternatives providing local gut immunity have been recommended for managing calf diarrhea. Animals One hundred and two calves with diarrhea. Hypothesis Oral supplementation with immunoglobulins in calves with diarrhea will reduce time to resolution of diarrhea, number of treatment events, and mortality rate. Methods Randomized controlled trial. Calves were assigned into 1 of 3 groups. The treatment group was supplemented with 20 g of immunoglobulins in milk twice daily for 14 days. The placebo group was supplemented with 20 g of a product with similar nutritional value as the treatment group, but without immunoglobulins, in milk, twice daily for 14 days. The control group received no supplements. Medical treatments, time to resolution of diarrhea, and case fatality rates were compared. Results There was no difference in the proportion of treatment events (treatment, 79% versus placebo, 77% versus control, 71%) among groups (P = .69). The median time to resolution of diarrhea was not different between the treatment (10.5 days; 95% confidence interval [CI], 7, 13) and control (8 days; 95% CI, 5, 10) groups (P = .08) or between the placebo (6.5 days; 95% CI, 3, 9) and control groups (P = .89). Median time to resolution was shorter (P = .008) in the placebo compared to the treatment group (6.5 versus 10.5 days). Case fatality rates among groups (treatment, 12% versus placebo, 3% versus control, 3%) were not different (P = .36). Conclusions and Clinical Importance Expected benefits of conferring local gut immunity by immunoglobulin supplementation in calves with diarrhea were not evident.
Improving growth rates in preweaning calves on dairy farms: A randomized controlled trial; Previous research has identified key factors associated with improved average daily gain (ADG) in pre weaning dairy calves and these factors have been combined to create a web app-based calf health plan (www .nottingham.ac.uk/herdhealthtoolkit). A randomized controlled trial was conducted to determine the effect of implementing this evidence-based calf health plan on both productivity and health outcomes for calves reared on British dairy farms. Sixty dairy farms were randomized by location (North, South, and Midlands) to either receive the plan at the beginning (INT) or after the end of the trial (CON) and recorded birth and weaning weights by weigh tape, and cases of morbidity and mortality. Calf records were returned for 3,593 calves from 45 farms (21 CON, 24 INT), with 1,760 calves from 43 farms having 2 weights recorded >40 d apart for ADG calculations, with 1,871 calves from 43 farms born >90 d before the end of the trial for morbidity and mortality calculations. Associations between both intervention group and the number of interventions in place with ADG were analyzed using linear regression models. Morbidity and mortality rates were analyzed using beta regression models. Mean ADG was 0.78 kg/d, ranging from 0.33 to 1.13 kg/d, with mean rates of 20.12% (0-96.55%), 16.40% (0-95.24%), and 4.28% (0-18.75%) for diarrhea, pneumonia, and mortality. The INT farms were undertaking a greater number of interventions (9.9) by the end of the trial than CON farms (7.6). Mean farm ADG was higher for calves on INT farms than CON farms for both male beef (MB, +0.22 kg/d) and dairy heifer (DH, +0.03 kg/d) calves. The MB calves on INT farms had significantly increased mean ADG (0.12 kg/d, 95% confidence interval: 0.02-0.22) compared with CON farms. No significant differences were observed between intervention groups for morbidity or mortality. Implementing one additional intervention from the plan, regardless of intervention group, was associated with improvements in mean ADG for DH calves of 0.01 kg/d (0.01, 0-0.03) and MB calves of 0.02 kg/d (0.00-0.04). Model predic- tions suggest that a farm with the highest number of interventions in place (15) compared with farms with the lowest number of interventions in place (4) would expect an improvement in growth rates from 0.65 to 0.81 kg/d for MB, from 0.73 to 0.88 kg/d for DH, a decrease in mortality rates from 10.9% to 2.8% in MB, and a decrease in diarrhea rates from 42.1% to 15.1% in DH. The calf health plan tested in this study represents a useful tool to aid veterinarians and farmers in the implementation of effective management interventions likely to improve the growth rates, health, and welfare of preweaning calves on dairy farms.
Combined Effect of <i>Nigella sativa</i> and Kefir on the Live Performance and Health of Broiler Chickens Affected by Necrotic Enteritis; Coccidiosis and necrotic enteritis (NE) are prevalent poultry ailments worldwide, leading to decreased live performance and elevated mortality rates without antibiotic usage. This study evaluated Nigella sativa (black cumin) seeds (BCS) and kefir as alternatives to antibiotics for broilers. An in vivo study over a 28-day period, using 384 Cobb 500 male broilers organized into six treatment groups as part of a completely randomized block experimental design was conducted. Each treatment group included eight replicates, with each replicate containing eight birds. The treatments included positive control, negative control, antibiotic control, 5% BCS in feed, 20% kefir in drinking water, and a combination of 5% BCS and 20% kefir. NE was induced in broilers by administering similar to 5000 oocysts of Eimeria maxima orally on day 14, followed by inoculation with about 108 CFU/mL of Clostridium perfringens (Cp) (strain Cp#4) on days 19, 20, and 21. Live performance metrics including feed intake, body weight gain, and feed conversion were assessed in broilers. Additionally, NE disease outcomes such as lesion scores, mortality rates, and Cp populations in cecum were determined during the study. The BCS, kefir, and the combination had no detrimental effect on broiler live performance. BCS-treated and combination groups had lower NE scores (p > 0.05) in comparison to the positive control and exhibited no significant difference (p > 0.05) from antibiotic control. Additionally, treatment groups and antibiotic control were not significantly different (p > 0.05) in mortality, whereas the BCS and kefir combination significantly reduced (p < 0.05) mortality to 14.1% compared to 31.3% for the positive control. C. perfringens vegetative cells significantly decreased (p < 0.05) in treatments with BCS, kefir, and their combination on days 22 and 28 compared to the positive control. On day 22, Cp sores were significantly lower (p < 0.05) for the kefir and combination treatments compared to the positive control. In conclusion, BCS and kefir successfully reduced C. perfringens infection and mortality without any detrimental impact on broiler live performance with the combined treatment being the most effective. These results suggest that BCS and kefir could serve as potential alternatives to antibiotics in managing NE.
Consumption of dairy products in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort:: data from 35955 24-hour dietary recalls in 10 European countries; Objectives: To describe and compare the consumption of dairy products in cohorts included in the European Prospective Investigation into-Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Protocol Paper A Randomized Trial of 2 Creams in the Skin Care of Patients Receiving Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer in the Tropics; Background: Nurses working in a northern Australia Radiation Therapy Unit advise all patients undergoing radiation therapy to use a readily available nonprescription moisturizing cream to minimize the severity of radiation skin reactions. However, patients report that the cream is thick and difficult to use in the humid tropical climate, and nurses anecdotally suspect an increase in severe skin reactions during the summer months.
A randomized controlled trial investigating the effect of transport duration and age at transport on surplus dairy calves: Part I. Impact on health and growth; Calves arriving to veal and dairy-beef facilities in poor condition are at risk of future health challenges and reduced growth rates, and limited knowledge is available on how time in transit affects subsequent health and growth of these animals. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to understand the effects of transport duration on diarrhea, respiratory disease, and growth of surplus calves destined for veal production following 6, 12, or 16 h of continuous road transport. Surplus dairy calves (n = 175; 7 transport cohorts) from 5 commercial dairy farms in Ontario, Canada, were enrolled on the day of birth. These calves were clinically examined daily on the source farms until the day before transport and on a daily basis for the first 14 d at the veal farm. On the day of transport, they were randomly assigned to 6, 12, or 16 h of transport to a veal farm. A blood sample was collected between 24 and 48 h of birth to assess transfer of passive immunity status. Calves were weighed at birth, before and imme-diately after transport, as well as 24, 48, and 72 h after unloading. Calves were also weighed 14 and 50 d after transport. Health exams were conducted daily at the source farm, immediately before and after transport, and once daily for 14 d thereafter to evaluate clinical signs of diarrhea, respiratory disease, dehydration, and navel inflammation. Mixed effects Poisson regression models were used to evaluate variables associated with the number of days with abnormal respiratory and fecal scores, whereas mixed logistic regression models with repeated measures were built to assess the probability of a calf having abnormal respiratory scores, abnormal fecal scores, or dehydration by day after arrival to the facility. A mixed model with repeated measures was used to evaluate calf weight at each time point at which body weight was measured after transport, whereas a mixed linear regression model was used to evaluate fac-tors associated with average daily gain (ADG) in the 50 d after transport. Calves transported for 16 h had greater incidence of abnormal fecal scores compared with 6 h in the 14 d after transport. In addition, an interaction between age and duration of transport on the number of days with abnormal respiratory scores was identified, where calves older than 7 d of age had reduced incidence of abnormal respiratory score com-pared with calves 2 to 6 d old, even when transported for 16 h. As for growth, age at transport was positively associated with ADG in the 50 d of observation; how-ever, no differences were observed between transport duration groups. These findings highlight that trans-porting calves for a longer duration negatively affects subsequent health, and calves greater than 1 wk of age experience improved health and growth after transport compared with their younger counterparts.
Milk fat globule membrane modulates inflammatory pathways in human monocytes: A crossover human intervention study; Background: Intake of high-fat foods raises postprandial plasma triglycerides and inflammatory markers, which may depend on the type of fat ingested. Dairy products are commonly consumed, but not much is known about the impact of milk fat and the milk fat globule membrane on postprandial inflammation. Here, we aimed to study the effect of milk fat with and without milk fat globule membrane and a vegetable fat blend on post-prandial inflammation, with a focus on blood monocyte gene expression.Methods: We performed a randomized, double-blind cross-over trial in 37 middle-aged healthy male and female volunteers (BMI 22-27 kg/m(2)). The participants consumed a meal shake containing 95.5 g of fat consisting of either a vegetable fat blend (VEGE), anhydrous milk fat (AMF, without milk fat globule membrane), or cream (CREAM, containing milk fat globule membrane). Blood monocytes were collected at 0 h and 6 h postprandially and used for bulk RNA sequencing and ex vivo stimulation with LPS.Results: Consumption of all three shakes significantly decreased the percentage of classical monocytes and increased the percentages of intermediate monocytes and non-classical monocytes. No differences in these measures were observed between shakes. Using a threshold of p < 0.01, 787 genes were differentially regulated postprandially between the three shakes. 89 genes were differentially regulated postprandially between AMF and VEGE, 373 genes between AMF and CREAM, and 667 genes between VEGE and CREAM, indicating that the effect of CREAM on monocyte gene expression was distinct from AMF and VEGE. Pathway analyses showed that VEGE significantly increased the expression of genes involved in inflammatory pathways, whereas this was less pronounced after AMF and not observed after CREAM. In addition, CREAM significantly down-regulated the expression of genes involved in energy metabolism-related pathways, such as glycolysis, TCA cycle, and oxidative phosphorylation, as well as HIF-1 signaling.Conclusion: Compared to the consumption of an anhydrous milk fat without milk fat globule membrane and a vegetable fat blend, the consumption of cream with milk fat globule membrane downregulated inflammatory pathways in blood monocytes, thus suggesting a potential inflammation inhibitory effect of milk fat globule membrane.
Birth weight, milk production and mortality rate in crossbred cattle (Dwarf taurine x Zebu) in Togo; Somba cattle is one of the two trypanotolerant West-African Dwarf (WAD) breeds. Crosses between taurine (Bos taurus) and Zebu (Bos indicus) breeds are reported in various localities in West-Africa. The aim of this study was to assess the birth weight, the milk production and the mortality rate in crossbred cattle (Dwarf taurine x Zebu) in Togo. The study was carried out between 2015 and 2017 in February (dry season), May and September (rainy season) of each year in two Prefectures (Mo and Tchaoudjo) located in Central Administrative region of Togo. A total of 207 calves and 290 milking cows were randomly sampled for the study. Calves consisted of 72 WAD, 67 Zebu and 68 crossbred (WAD x Zebu) phenotypically taurine. The male calves weigh 17.70 +/- 2,6 kg against 16.59 +/- 1.97 kg for the female in crossbreeds; 13.76 +/- 1.07 kg and 12.37 +/- 1.16 kg in WAD and 22.55 +/- 3.34 kg and 19.66 +/- 2.15 kg in Zebus cattle. The milk production was significantly higher in the crossbreed (0.68 +/- 0.27 L) than in WAD (0.46 +/- 0.15 L) on the one hand and it was influenced by the rank of calving (P = 0.000) on the other hand. The mortality rates were 10.98 +/- 3.41%; 11.85 +/- 4.19% and 12.17 +/- 5.06% in Crossbred, WAD and zebus respectively and no significant difference was observed among the three phenotypes. However, the calving-season had significant effect (P = 0.003) on the mortality rates. In the light of the foregoing figures, we come to conclusion that Somba breed performs far less compared to the crossbreed (Dwarf taurine x Zebu) and Zebus phenotypes in terms of birth weight and milk production.
Masseter muscle and gingival tissue inflammatory response following treatment with high-fructose corn syrup in rats: Anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of kefir; The aim of the study was to evaluate whether high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS) intake (20% beverages) impacts antioxidative structures and inflammation in the gingival tissue and masseter muscle of rats. Kefir was tested for its potential utility on changes induced by HFCS. Animals were randomly divided into four groups as control, kefir, HFCS, and HFCS plus kefir. HFCS was given as 20% solutions in drinking water while kefir supplementations were given by gastric gavage for 8 weeks. It has been clearly determined that the HFCS diet increased expressions of interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha proinflammatory structures via lymphocyte infiltration by suppressing antioxidant enzymes such as catalase, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase in both tissues. Kefir improved these undesirable changes in rats fed with HFCS. The results of this current study, the first investigation to examine the effects of kefir on masseter muscle and gingival tissue, may provide new access to the restorative effects of kefir consumption on oral health disorders caused by high fructose in the diet.
Effects of <i>Acremonium terricola</i> culture on performance, milk composition, rumen fermentation and immune functions in dairy cows; The effects of Acremonium terricola culture (ATC) on performance, rumen fermentation and microbiota, and antioxidant and immune functions in dairy cows were investigated in two experiments. In Experiment 1, thirty multiparous Holstein dairy cows were blocked for day in milk, somatic cell counts and milk production and were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments in an 8 week trial: a basal diet plus 0, 15 or 30 g/d ATC. The result of supplementing dairy cows with ATC was a linear increase in the apparent digestibility of dry matter, crude protein, acid detergent fiber and neutral detergent fiber, milk production, 4% fat-corrected milk, energy-corrected milk, feed efficiency, milk fat and lactose yields, and milk fat percentage, but a linear decrease in the milk somatic cell count. In Experiment 2, five late-lactating dairy cows were fed the basal diet from d 1 to 14 (pre-trial period). From d 15 to 35 (trial period), the same cows were fed 30 g/d ATC. Supplementation with ATC was stopped from d 36 to 42 (post-trial period). Feed, rumen and blood samples were collected on d 13, 14, 34, 35, 41 and 42. Compared with the pre- and post-periods, the ruminal pH and molar proportion of butyrate decreased during the trial period. Additionally, the ammonia nitrogen and total volatile fatty acid concentrations as well as the molar proportion of acetate were increased. For most of the rumen bacteria that were measured, the relative expression level increased during the trial period, but that of Fibrobacter succinogenes decreased. Moreover, ATC significantly increased the total antioxidant capacity as well as the activities of glutathione peroxidase and total superoxide dismutase during the trial period. The concentrations of blood glucose and immunoglobulins A, M, and G also increased in the plasma. By contrast, ATC resulted in a significant reduction in the plasma concentrations of aspartate transaminase, non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, interleukin-1, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and malondialdehyde. These results show that feeding ATC can increase performance, improve rumen fermentation, and increase antioxidant and immune functions in dairy cows, when fed up to 30 g/d.
Biomarkers of dairy fat intake, incident cardiovascular disease, and all-cause mortality: A cohort study, systematic review, and meta-analysis; Background
Kefir improves blood parameters and reduces cardiovascular risks in patients with metabolic syndrome; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MS) occurs when different metabolic and hemodynamic components change simultaneously, being one of the factors related to high mortality rates in patients with cardiovascular diseases. This study investigated the effects of the probiotic kefir on anthropometric and physiological parameters in human subjects with MS.
Randomized clinical trial of the effect of a fixed or increasing milk allowance in the first 2 weeks of life on health and performance of dairy calves; The objective of this study was to describe the effect of offering a fixed or increasing milk allowance in the first 1 to 2 wk of life. We hypothesized that calves offered a fixed amount of milk early in life would not experience more scours, but rather would experience improved health and growth compared with calves that had their daily milk allowance slowly increased over a period of 1 to 2 wk. This randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted on 5 dairy farms in Minnesota with both a summer (June-August 2016) and winter (December-February 2017) period of enrollment. Heifer calves were enrolled at birth, weighed, and systematically assigned by birth order to either the slowly increasing (INC) control group or fixed allowance (FIX) treatment group by farm personnel. Calves assigned to the INC group were slowly increased from 4 to 5 L/d to gradually reach the full peak milk allowance of 6 to 8 L/d over a 7- to 14-d period, whereas calves assigned to the FIX. group were offered a full peak milk allowance of 6 to 8 L/d beginning on d 1 after birth. The average FIX calf consumed an extra 14 L of milk as compared with INC calves over the first 2 wk of life, corresponding to an average INC intake of 5 L/d during first 1 to 2 wk of life as compared with an average intake of 6.8 L/d in FIX calves. Study technicians visited all farms weekly to collect health and performance data. Multivariable mixed models were used to describe the effect of treatment (INC/FIX) on 3-wk average daily gain (kg/d), 3-wk weight (kg), and hip height at wk 1, 3, and 7, controlling for the effect of season, birth weight, and the random effect of calf within farm. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to describe the effect of treatment on odds of technician and producer reported health events. A total of 1,264 heifer calves were enrolled (FIX n = 641; INC n 623) with no difference in enrollment weight or hip height between groups. By 3 wk of age, FIX calves weighed 1.4 (0.59) kg more than INC calves, though the magnitude of this difference varied depending on the period of time INC calves were slowly increased in milk allowance (7 vs. 10 vs. 14 d). Calves in the FIX group grew 0.1 kg/d faster and were taller at wk 3 (0.3 +/- 0.15 cm) of life. Forty-two percent (536/1,264) of all enrolled calves had a first treatment event, with no effect of treatment on technician-reported health scores and no overall effect on producer-reported treatment or mortality events. Under the conditions of this study, offering a fixed milk allowance from d 1 of life improved calf growth during the first 3 wk as compared with a gradual increase in milk allowance, with no detrimental effect on calf health.
Effects of waste milk on growth performance, immunity, and gut health of dairy calves; Liquid feed are the major nutrient source that can have a significant impact on the growth and development of immune system of calves before weaning. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of different liquid feed on growth, immunity and gut health of dairy calves. A total of 24 Holstein male calves (43.4 & PLUSMN; 0.93 kg of body weight, mean & PLUSMN; standard error) were assigned to 4 blocks based on arrival date according to a completely randomized block design. Animals were fed 4 L of whole milk twice a day after successful transfer of passive immunity until 7 d of age. From 8-56 d of age, calves received 100% milk replacer (MR, n = 8), 50% milk replacer mixed with 50% waste milk (MM, n = 8), or 100% waste milk (WM, n = 8). Starter and fresh water were offered ad libitum throughout the experiment. Blood samples were collected from jugular veins at 8, 49, and 70 d of age for measuring plasma concentrations of immunoglobulins (IgA, IgM, IgG), interleukins (IL-2, IL-6, IL-10) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha). Fecal samples were collected at 49, and 70 d of age and subjected to 16 S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. The results showed that feeding WM improved hip width (P = 0.007), hip height (P = 0.03), heart girth (P = 0.008), final body weight (P = 0.01), and feed efficiency (P = 0.04) of dairy calves compared to MR. Plasma concentrations of IgA (P < 0.001), IgM (P < 0.001), IgG (P < 0.001) and IL-10 (P < 0.001) were higher and TNF-alpha (P < 0.001) was lower in WM group. In addition, treatment and time interactively affected plasma concentrations of IgG (P = 0.05) and IL-2 (P < 0.001), which increased and decreased in WM group but decreased and increased in MR group, respectively, from 49 to 70 d of age. There was no difference in diarrhea case (P = 0.13) and average days of diarrhea (P = 0.08) among treatments. Difference in fecal microbiota was observed between MR and WM groups only at 49 d of age (P < 0.05). Analysis of differential abundance showed that the increase in the relative abundance of Prevotellaceae NK3B31 group (P = 0.03) and the decrease in that of Bacteroides (P = 0.04) was higher in WM than MM group from 49 to 70 d of age. In conclusion, WM had beneficial effects on growth performance and did not affect health statue, which might be explained by enhanced immune function modulated by fecal microbiota.
Topical imiquimod treatment of residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia lesions (TOPIC-2): A randomised controlled trial; Objective: To investigate the efficacy of imiquimod in women with residual or recurrent cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (rrCIN), compared with large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ). Design: Randomised controlled non-inferiority trial. Setting: One academic and one regional hospital in the Netherlands. Population: Thirty-five women with rrCIN were included in the study between May 2016 and May 2021. Methods: Women were randomised to receive treatment with 5% imiquimod cream (12.5 mg) intravaginally (three times a week for a duration of 16 weeks) or a LLETZ procedure (standard treatment). Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was reduction to normal cytology at 6 months after starting treatment. Secondary outcomes were clearance of high-risk human papilloma virus (hr-HPV) in both groups and reduction to <= CIN1 in the imiquimod group. Side effects were monitored. Results: Treatment success was 33% (6/18) in the imiquimod group versus 100% (16/16) in the LLETZ group (P < 0.001), whereas HPV clearance was 22% (4/18) in the imiquimod group versus 88% (14/16) in the LLETZ group (P < 0.001). After the randomisation of 35 women, the futility of treatment with imiquimod was proven and the trial was prematurely finished. In the follow-up period, three patients remained without additional treatment, whereas all other patients underwent LLETZ, conisation or hysterectomy. In the LLETZ group none of the patients received additional treatment during 2 years of follow-up. Conclusions: This is the first randomised controlled trial to show that topical imiquimod has a significantly lower success rate in terms of reduction to normal cytology and hr-HPV clearance, compared with LLETZ, in women with rrCIN. Additionally, imiquimod has numerous side effects and after using imiquimod most women with rrCIN still required additional surgical treatment.
Dairy products and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: Previous studies of the association between intake of dairy products and colorectal cancer risk have indicated an inverse association with milk, however, the evidence for cheese or other dairy products is inconsistent.
Treatment of undifferentiated vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia with 5% imiquimod cream - A prospective study of 12 cases; Objective: To assess the efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream on undifferentiated vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN), a disease caused by high-risk human papillomavirus.
Dairy foods and cardiometabolic diseases: an update and a reassessment of the impact of SFA; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD are major causes of mortality and chronic morbidity. Whilst mortality from CVD has decreased they remain the largest cause of death in Europe and the prevalence of T2D is increasing rapidly. A consistent component of public health advice is to reduce intake of SFA to reduce CVD in particular, which implies limiting dairy food consumption. The prospective studies and randomised controlled trials included in this review show that for dairy foods at least, SFA are not consistently associated with CVD or T2D risk. For CVD the association with dairy foods is generally neutral despite dairy foods being the major source of SFA in many diets. This creates considerable doubt, at least for dairy foods, concerning the validity of the traditional diet-heart hypothesis which positively relates SFA intake to increased serum LDL-cholesterol and subsequent increased CVD. There is now emerging evidence to explain this which is highly relevant to dairy foods. These include the potentially counterbalancing effect of SFA-stimulated HDL-cholesterol and specific food matrix factors. In addition, SFA are associated with the less atherogenic large buoyant LDL particles and possible counterbalancing hypotensive effects of dairy proteins. Overall, dairy foods have either a neutral or beneficial association with CVD and T2D. Beneficial associations are seen for blood pressure and the reduced T2D risk linked to yoghurt consumption, a subject that needs urgent attention given the sharp rise in T2D prevalence in many countries.
The SINS trial: A randomised controlled trial of excisional surgery versus imiquimod 5% cream for nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma; Background: Basal cell carcinoma is the commonest human cancer. Despite increasing incidence it remains poorly researched. While not life threatening it can cause significant cosmetic disfigurement. Imiquimod, a cream which enhances the body's immune response, may help deal with the number of cases that occur in low-risk sites, especially when good cosmetic results and home use without surgery are needed.
Dairy calves' mortality survey and associated management practices in smallholding, pasture-based herds in southern Brazil; Our retrospective, cross-sectional study aimed to identify the mortality rate of preweaned heifer calves and associated herd-management factors in family-run dairy holdings in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. A survey was made available through an online platform to all the municipalities (n = 494) with a state official extension office (Emater), allowing for any milk producer in RS raising the calves on-farm to take part in the study. A total of 1451 farmers responded to the survey between October 2014 and December 2015. Yearly total mortality, stillbirths and post-natal mortality to weaning were calculated from responses. The association of herd characteristics and practices with herd mortality was evaluated using multilevel multivariable logistic regression models. Herd mortality was modelled as a two vector binded variable that included the number of failures (n = female calves born alive but dead before weaning) and successes (n = weaned female calves) on-farm in the past 12 months. Models included region as random effect. The herds had 13 lactating cows (median, range 1-130). Pure breed herds, especially Holstein, predominated (81 %). Milk production was 190 L/d (median, range 7-4000). Total mortality rate was 8.5 % (1065/12563, median 0.0 %, Q(1) - Q(3) 0.0-14.3 %/farm), and stillbirths 1.7 % (207/12563; median 0.0 %, Q(1) - Q(3) 0.0 - 0 %/farm). Post-natal mortality rate was 6.9 % (858/12356, median 0.0 %, Q(1) - Q(3) 0.0-11.1 %/farm). In 89.2 % of the farms, no stillborn calf was reported, and in only 2.8 % there was more than one case. In 67 % of farms, no death calf born alive was reported; in 33 %, an average of 2 deaths/farm (range 1-12 deaths/farm) was reported. In 16 % of the farms, mortality was >= 20 %, and in 4.3 % it was >= 50 %. The main reported causes of death were diarrhoea and unknown causes. Higher mortality was associated with herds with mixed breeds (OR = 1.3, CI = 1.09-1.59), performing unattended calvings (OR = 1.2; IC = 1.04-1.40), leaving the calf for long periods with the cow (OR = 1.21, CI = 1.00-1.45), and housing various calves in a pen (OR = 1.4, CI = 1.20-1.60). Furthermore, reduced mortality was associated with medium size herds (i.e. 21-40 lactating cows; OR = 0.82, CI = 0.69-0.97). Although the mortality rate observed is conservatively lower or equal to other international reports, it is higher than could be desired. The factors identified as associated to mortality are understood as proxies for the poor quality of management of the practices adopted. Thus, reduction of mortality is at hand without representing major infrastructural changes.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (Dairy Health): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study; Background: Abdominal obesity and exaggerated postprandial lipemia are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality, and both are affected by dietary behavior.
Effect of dietary sources of calcium and protein on hip fractures and falls in older adults in residential care: cluster randomised controlled trial; OBJECTIVE To assess the antifracture efficacy and safety of a nutritional intervention in institutionalised older adults replete in vitamin D but with mean intakes of 600 mg/day calcium and <1 g/kg body weight protein/ day. DESIGN Two year cluster randomised controlled trial. SETTING 60 accredited residential aged care facilities in Australia housing predominantly ambulant residents. PARTICIPANTS 7195 permanent residents (4920 (68%) female; mean age 86.0 (SD 8.2) years). INTERVENTION Facilities were stratified by location and organisation, with 30 facilities randomised to provide residents with additional milk, yoghurt, and cheese that contained 562 (166) mg/day calcium and 12 (6) g/day protein achieving a total intake of 1142 (353) mg calcium/day and 69 (15) g/day protein (1.1 g/kg body weight). The 30 control facilities maintained their usual menus, with residents consuming 700 (247) mg/day calcium and 58 (14) g/day protein (0.9 g/kg body weight). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES Group differences in incidence of fractures, falls, and all cause mortality. RESULTS Data from 27 intervention facilities and 29 control facilities were analysed. A total of 324 fractures (135 hip fractures), 4302 falls, and 1974 deaths were observed. The intervention was associated with risk reductions of 33% for all fractures (121 v 203; hazard ratio 0.67, 95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.93; P=0.02), 46% for hip fractures (42 v 93; 0.54, 0.35 to 0.83; P=0.005), and 11% for falls (1879 v 2423; 0.89, 0.78 to 0.98; P=0.04). The risk reduction for hip fractures and falls achieved significance at five months (P=0.02) and three months (P=0.004), respectively. Mortality was unchanged (900 v 1074; hazard ratio 1.01, 0.43 to 3.08). CONCLUSIONS Improving calcium and protein intakes by using dairy foods is a readily accessible intervention that reduces the risk of falls and fractures commonly occurring in aged care residents. TRIAL REGISTRATION Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12613000228785.
Histopathology after lidocaine/prilocaine cream administration for vulvar biopsy; Background Case series have described disruptive histopathologic changes following lidocaine/prilocaine cream anesthetic for biopsies.
Management factors associated with bovine respiratory disease in preweaned calves on California dairies: The BRD 100 study; The objective of this cross-sectional study was to determine how management practices on California dairies may be associated with bovine respiratory disease (BRD) in preweaned calves. A convenience sample of 100 dairies throughout California, providing a study population of 4,636 calves, were visited between May 2014 and April 2016. During each farm visit, in-person interviews with the herd manager or calf caretaker were conducted to collect information about herd demographics, maternity pen, colostrum and calf management, herd vaccinations, and dust abatement. A random sample of preweaned calves was identified and evaluated for the presence of BRD using a standardized tool. A survey-adjusted generalized linear mixed model with a logit link function was fitted with calf as the unit of analysis and dairy as the random effect. Mean study herd size (+/- SE) was 1,718 (+/- 189.9) cows. Survey-adjusted estimates of breed types in the sample were 81.6% (+/- 0.6) Holstein, 13.1% (+/- 0.4) Jersey, and 5.3% (+/- 0.5) crossbred or other purebred breeds, and calf sex proportions were 73.8% (+/- 1.0) female and 26.2% (+/- 1.0) male. Overall survey-adjusted BRD prevalence in the study herds was 6.91% (+/- 0.69). Housing factors positively associated with BRD were metal hutches compared with wood hutches [odds ratio (OR) = 11.19; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.80-44.78], calf-to-calf contact in calves > 75 d of age (OR = 9.95, 95% CI = 1.50-65.86), feeding Holstein calves < 2.84 L of milk or replacer per day (OR = 7.16, 95% CI = 1.23-41.68), and lagoon water used for flushing manure under hutches compared with no flush (OR = 12.06, 95% CI = 1.93-75.47). Providing extra shade over hutches (OR = 0.08; 95% CI = 0.02-0.37), feeding calves at least 90% saleable milk (OR = 0.27, 95% CI = 0.13-0.54) or pasteurized milk (OR = 0.10; 95% CI = 0.03-0.36), and feeding > 5.68 L of milk or replacer per day to Jersey calves (OR = 0.04; 95% CI = 0.01-0.28) were negatively associated with BRD. Our study identified management practices on California dairies with variability and that may contribute to differences in BRD prevalence, which will be incorporated into a risk-assessment tool to control and prevent BRD in preweaned dairy calves.
Colostrum and milk pasteurization improve health status and decrease mortality in neonatal calves receiving appropriate colostrum ingestion; The objective of the study was to evaluate if on-farm heat treatment of colostrum and bulk tank milk can improve calf health status and morbidity and mortality rates during the first 21 d of life in neonatal Holstein calves receiving appropriate colostrum ingestion. A total of 587 calves were randomly assigned to 2 groups of males and females over 18 mo. The nonpasteurized group (n = 287, 143 males and 144 females) was fed frozen (-20 degrees C) colostrum (6-8 L during the first 12 h of life) that was previously reheated up to 40 degrees C. They were also fed refrigerated (4 degrees C) raw milk from the bulk tank that was also reheated up to 40 degrees C (1.8 L every 12 h). The pasteurized group (n = 300, 150 males and 150 females) was also fed colostrum and milk, but both were pasteurized before freezing. Blood samples were drawn from all calves to obtain serum at 2 to 5 d of life. Serum total protein (g/dL) was determined using a commercially available refractometer. Colostrum and milk underwent routine bacteriological analysis to determine total plate counts (cfu/mL) and total coliform counts (cfu/mL). All the calves underwent clinical examination every 24 h during the first 21 d of life. Every day, calves were clinically diagnosed either as being healthy or suffering from respiratory disease, neonatal calf diarrhea, or suffering other diseases. On-farm heat treatment for colostrum and milk reduced total plate counts and total coliform counts between 1 and 2 log(10). Pasteurization of colostrum and milk significantly decreased the morbidity and mortality (5.2 and 2.8%) in comparison with calves receiving nonpasteurized colostrum and milk (15.0 and 6.5%), respectively, during the first 21 d of life, even in animals receiving appropriate colostrum ingestion.
A double-blind, randomized controlled trial of the use of imiquimod cream for the treatment of anal canal high-grade anal intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV-positive MSM on HAART, with long-term follow-up data including the use of open-label imiquimod; Objective: To determine whether imiquimod was more effective than placebo for the treatment of high-grade anal canal intraepithelial neoplasia (HG-ACIN).
Studies on the stabilisation of health status in peri-parturient dairy cows; The effectiveness of various agents in stabilising the metabolic status and milk production and in reducing post partum mortality in dairy cows was compared in a clinical trial. Ammonium proprionate (300 ml/day) was administered to 78 cows between 14 days ante partum (AP) and 14 days post partum (PP), dexamethasone 21-isonicotinate (0.1 mg/kg) was administered to 78 cows on day 1 PP and a humic acid-based preparation was given to 78 cows between 14 days ap and 14 days pp. In addition 39 cows received Dysticum (100 g/day) and 39 cows the cellulose-lignin complex (50 g/day). A group of 78 untreated cows as control. Clinical examinations and biochemical tests were carried out 14 days ap, days pp and 28 days PP. In the group treated with ammonium propionate there was a trend to reduced ketone levels, milk production was greater by 2.3 kg/day over 100 days and morbidity associated with milk fever was reduced. In cows receiving the humic acid-based preparations, CK activity was reduced, milk production was greater by 1.17 kg/day and there was a lower incidence of milk fever. Dexamethasone 21-isonicotinate resulted in stabilisation of energy metabolism, an increase in calcium and protein levels and CK activity was reduced. In addition, milk yield was greater by 2.8 kg/day and mastitis incidence reduced.
Efficacy of tildipirosin metaphylaxis for the prevention of respiratory disease, otitis and mortality in pre-weaned Holstein calves; The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of two metaphylactic approaches (long acting antibiotic injected once at 10 days of life or twice at 10 and 35 days of life) on the prevention of bovine respiratory disease (BRD), otitis and mortality in high-risk group-housed pre-weaned Holstein heifer calves. The antibiotic of choice for the metaphylactic approach was a long acting macrolide (tildipirosin) administered subcutaneously at the base of the neck at a dose of 1 mL per 45 kg body weight. A clinical trial was carried out on one dairy farm with random allocation of newborn calves to one of three treatments: (1) control (CTR); (2) one injection at 10 days of life (M1); and (3) two injections at 10 and 35 days of life (M2). Study heifers (n = 795) were reared in group pens of 25 calves per pen and fed unrestricted acidified non saleable milk from day I to day 65 of life. Cox proportional hazard and general linear mixed models were used to evaluate the effect of treatment on mortality, BRD and otitis, and average daily weight gain. The birth weights, proportions of calves with inadequate transfer of passive immunity, proportions of calves born from primiparous dams and proportions of calves born from assisted parturitions were not different among CTR, M1 and M2 treatments. A significantly lower hazard of being affected with BRD and/or otitis (but not for BRD or otitis alone) was observed for M1 (hazard ratio, HR = 0.70, P= 0.009) and M2 (HR = 0.72, P= 0.01) when compared to the CTR group. Metaphylactic treatments had no effect on mortality, otitis and average daily weight gain during the pre-weaning period. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Spatiosurvival analysis of mortality on smallholder dairy farms in Tanga and Iringa regions of Tanzania; A combination of survival and spatial analyses was applied to a dataset containing cattle mortalities on smallholder dairy farms in two separate regions (Tanga and Iringa) of Tanzania. Cattle mortality data for the year 1998 were collected retrospectively during the period January to April 1999. The objectives of the current study were, firstly, to quantify the hazard of mortality and, secondly, to investigate whether there was a spatial pattern in the variation that was unaccounted for in the hazard of mortality. A Cox regression model with farm as a frailty term was used to quantify the hazard of mortality. Geostatistical techniques were used to explore the first- and second-order spatial distribution of the farm frailty term. A total of 1,790 cattle from 400 randomly sampled smallholder dairy farms were included in the study. The overall mortality incidence rate for the study was 11.8 per 100 animal years (95% CI 10.0-13.8). The hazard of mortality for male cattle was 2.4 (95% CI 1.7-3.4) times higher than that of female cattle. There was evidence of a first-order spatial pattern, i.e., a tendency for farms with higher frailty to aggregate.
Effects of fermented dairy products on inflammatory biomarkers: A meta-analysis; Aim: Fermented dairy products (FDPs) are made from raw milk under the action of specific microorganisms by lactic acid bacteria fermentation or co-fermentation of lactic acid bacteria, bifidobacteria, and yeast. The aim of this study was to explore the effects of FDPs on inflammatory biomarkers.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases; Background
The effect of respiratory disease and a preventative antibiotic treatment on growth, survival, age at first calving, and milk production of dairy heifers; Bovine respiratory disease complex (BRD) is a common disease in weaned dairy calves that incurs economic and welfare costs. This study was an extension of a randomized clinical trial in which a single injection of tulathromycin (TUL) or oxytetracycline (TET) was administered at first movement to group housing for the prevention of BRD in the 60 d following antimicrobial treatment (BRD60). Calves treated with TUL were 0.5 times [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.4 to 0.7] as likely to be treated for BRD60 as calves treated with TET. The objectives of the current study were to evaluate the long-term effects of BR,D and antibiotic treatment on growth of heifers until breeding age, age at first calving, incidence of dystocia, milk production, and mortality before first calving and mortality before 120 d in milk. At entry to the breeding barn (382 d of age), calves that experienced BRD60 weighed 16.0 +/- 2.3 kg less than calves that did not. Survival to first calving was recorded for 98% (1,343/1,392) of the heifers on this trial. For TET and TUL heifers with BRD60, 63% (94/150) and 73% (64/88) survived to first lactation, respectively. For TET and TUL calves without BRD60, 84% (436/517) and 84% (494/588) survived to first lactation, respectively. The median age at first calving for heifers with and without BRD60 was 714 (95% CI: 705-723) and 702 (95% CI: 699-705) days, respectively. Heifers with BRD60 were 1.5 (95% CI: 1.1-2.2) times more likely to have a calving ease score >= 2 at their first calving compared with heifers without BRD60. The administration of TUL at movement to group housing may have a role in the prevention of BRD and in mitigating some of the long-term effects of this disease.
Milk and Dairy Consumption and Risk of Bladder Cancer: A Meta-analysis; OBJECTIVE To explore potential relations between the intake of milk or dairy products and the risk of bladder cancer.
More than a decade on: review of the use of imiquimod in lower anogenital intraepithelial neoplasia; To assess the effectiveness of 5% imiquimod cream (IQ) in the treatment of vulvar, penile and anal intraepithelial neoplasias (VIN, PIN and AIN), we searched Medline, Embase, PubMed and Cochrane Library databases. With regard to VIN there were two randomized controlled trials (RCTs), eight uncontrolled/cohort studies, nine case reports and one review article. Use of IQ in PIN and AIN were only supported by cohort studies (two each for PIN and AIN) and case reports (115 for PIN and 3 for AIN). On pooled analysis of RCTs, uncontrolled and cohort studies, the mean complete response (CR) rate for VIN, PIN and AIN were 51%, 70% and 48%, respectively. The mean partial response (PR) rate for VIN, PIN and AIN were 25%, 30% and 34% respectively. The recurrence (RR) rate for VIN, PIN and AIN were 16%, 0% and 36%, respectively. The follow-up period for VIN, PIN and AIN ranged from 2 to 32 months, 10 to 12 months and 11 to 39 months, respectively. Although the results for PIN look the best, the strongest evidence regarding efficacy of IQ in anogenital intraepithelial neoplasia is for VIN supported by RCTs. Evidence for use of IQ in AIN was essentially limited to HIV-positive men who have sex with men. IQ was reasonably well tolerated with side-effects being managed with reduction in frequency of drug usage and/or rest periods. Based on these results, IQ seems to be a safe mode of treatment and is possibly an alternative to currently available methods of treatment. However, there are no comparative studies assessing its efficacy against traditional modes of treatment.
From margarine to butter: predictors of changing bread spread in an 11-year population follow-up; Objective: Finland is known for a sharp decrease in the intake of saturated fat and cardiovascular mortality. Since 2000, however, the consumption of butter-containing spreads - an important source of saturated fats - has increased. We examined social and health-related predictors of the increase among Finnish men and women.
COMPARING EARLY EMBRYO MORTALITY IN DAIRY-COWS DURING HOT AND COOL SEASONS OF THE YEAR; The objectives of this study were to identify the level and stage of embryonic mortality that occur in dairy cows during hot and cool seasons of the year. Experimental dairy cows, of varying ages, were artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from proven Holstein sires. Females on each dairy unit were then randomly allocated to one of three experimental groups after partitioning by day of artificial insemination, days post partum, parity, and current milk production level. In Group I and Group II, nonsurgical embryo collection was performed on each cow using Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline as the flushing medium. Embryos from cows in Group I were collected on Days 6 or 7 post insemination during the hot (n=93) and cool (n=64) seasons. Embryos from cows in Group II were collected on Days 13 or 14 post insemination during the hot (n=97) and cool (n=63) seasons. In Group III, contemporary control cows were also inseminated during the hot (n=106) and cool (n=106) seasons, and fetal heart beat was evaluated via ultrasound between Days 25 and 35 following insemination. Embryo viability decreased (P<0.05) from 59% at Day 7 to 27% at Day 14 in the hot season, but was not decreased during the cool season (52 vs. 60%). Pregnancy rate at Days 25 to 35 was 21% in the hot season, which was less (P<0.05) than the 36% in the cool season. The percentage of unfertilized ova collected in both the hot and cool seasons suggests that fertilization failure was not affected by season of breeding. In summary, embryonic loss after Day 7 of pregnancy appears to be a problem in this hot, dry climate.
A comparison between feeding systems (pasture and TMR) and the effect of vitamin E supplementation on plasma and milk fatty acid profiles in dairy cows; Unidentified constituents in fresh pasture increase milk fat cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) concentration, and prevent milk fat depression, even though ruminal conditions conducive to reducing milk fat synthesis exist. One possible explanation is vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol), a constituent high in fresh pasture, but naturally low in conserved/dried forages and cereal grains. Twenty late-lactating dairy cows previously consuming a total mixed ration (TMR) were randomly allocated to one of two dietary treatments for 21 d: TMR (control; n=10); and TMR plus an additional 10000 i.u. alpha-tocopherol/d (VIT E; n=10). These cows were simultaneously compared with 13 late-lactation dairy cows previously grazing fresh pasture (PAS) balanced for age, parity and genetic merit. Average daily alpha-tocopherol intakes were approximately 468, 10520 and 1590 i.u./cow for the control, VIT E and PAS treatments, respectively. Dietary alpha-tocopherol supplementation (VIT E v. control) slightly increased milk fat content by 0.23 percentage units, but did not significantly alter milk fatty acid composition. Plasma trans-11 18:1 (VA) content tended to increase and trans-10 18:1 levels numerically declined following alpha-tocopherol supplementation suggesting possible changes in rumen biohydrogenation products. In addition, increased alpha-tocopherol intake in TMR-fed cows decreased serum urea levels and tended to alter milk fat 15:0 suggesting changes in rumen microbial populations. However, when compared with cows grazing pasture, TMR-fed cows supplemented with a-tocopherol, still produced milk with lower cis-9, trans-11 CLA and VA, and higher trans-10 18:1 concentrations suggesting alpha-tocopherol is not a primary reason for milk fatty acid profile differences between pasture and TMR-fed cows. Therefore, additional unknown pasture constituents favour production of fatty acids originating from the cis-9, trans-11 instead of the trans-10, cis-12 CLA biohydrogenation pathways.
Nut and peanut butter intake are not directly associated with the risk of endometrial or ovarian cancer: Results from a Dutch prospective cohort study; Background & aims: Nut intake has been associated with reduced cancer-related mortality and cancer risk. However, very few studies investigated the association between nut consumption and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer, with inconclusive results. We prospectively examined the relation between total nut, tree nut, peanut, and peanut butter intake and the risk of endometrial and ovarian cancer in the prospective Netherlands Cohort Study (NLCS).
Dairy foods, calcium, and risk of breast cancer overall and for subtypes defined by estrogen receptor status: a pooled analysis of 21 cohort studies; Background: Epidemiologic studies examining the relations between dairy product and calcium intakes and breast cancer have been inconclusive, especially for tumor subtypes.
<i>EVITA</i>-a double-blind, vehicle-controlled, randomized phase II trial of vitamin K1 cream as prophylaxis for cetuximab-induced skin toxicity; Background: Acne-like skin rash is a frequently occurring adverse event associated with drugs against the epidermal growth factor receptor. This randomized vehicle-controlled study investigated the addition of vitamin K1 cream to doxycycline in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer treated with cetuximab.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content; Background: Despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. This effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat.
Topical Imiquimod Plus Nab-paclitaxel for Breast Cancer Cutaneous Metastases A Phase 2 Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Salvage chemotherapy for recurrent chest wall lesions in breast cancer results in response rates of 20% to 30%. Preclinical studies showed significant disease regression could be induced in murine chest wall mammary cancers with a topical toll-like receptor (TLR)-7 agonist, imiquimod.
Systematic review and meta-analysis: dairy consumption and hepatocellular carcinoma risk; Aim This study conducts a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the association between dairy consumption and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) risk.
Increased incidence rate of undesired early heifer departure in <i>Mycoplasma bovis</i>-antibody positive Danish dairy cattle herds; Mycoplasma bovis infections cause disease and production losses in cattle worldwide. The long-term consequences are not well described despite being important for management decisions during and after disease outbreaks. We investigated the association between M. bovis antibody-positivity and undesired early departure (UED, i.e. death, euthanasia or slaughter) before first calving in a cohort of 636 heifers from 36 Danish dairy herds with and without a history of M. bovis-associated disease. The herds were visited 4 times at 3-month intervals and blood samples from young stock and milk samples from lactating cows were collected. Poisson regression was performed to examine the association with UED as outcome, logarithmic transformation of risk time as offset and herd as a random effect. Individual antibody measurements and group-level variables representing the infection level among young stock and cows, age and mortality variables were included in the model. The incidence rate ratio of UED increased by 1.23 times for every 10% increase in M. bovis young stock seroprevalence, while the effect of individual antibody level was modified by age and influenced UED less. In conclusion, UED in heifers was associated with M. bovis antibody-positivity in young stock and should be controlled in dairy herds to reduce losses.
Use of Oxytocin and Milking Management of Buffaloes in (Urban) Peri-Urban Area of Faisalabad; A study was conducted to evaluate the efficiency of (urban) peri-urban production system in Faisalabad, third-largest city of Pakistan. Interviews with 145 milk-producing (urban) peri-urban households (HH) were carried out. Based on cluster analysis, four types of dairy farmers were identified, (i) semi-commercial smallholder mixed dairy-crop farmers (n=43), (ii) semi-commercial smallholder dairy farmers (n=30), (iii) smallholder commercial (n=53) and (iv) large-holder commercial dairy farmers (n=14). Of each type five HH were randomly selected for qualitative and quantitative on-farm monitoring of management of buffalo and cattle. Milking was done twice daily, exclusively by hand. Before milking intra-muscular injection of 2 ml oxytocin was practiced by 90% of the (urban) peri-urban dairy farmers to stimulate milk letdown in 61% of the monitored lactating buffaloes and 19% of the cattle whereas 36% buffalo and 48% cattle calves suckle their dams. There was significant difference (P<0.05) in use of oxytocin for buffalo and cattle among the four production systems. Oxytocin can be easily purchased for as little as 18-20 rupees/50 ml from local shops, even at village level. In general oxytocin was used for those animals whose calves had died, sold or were not accepted by dams. Some were injected once daily while most received oxytocin at both milkings. This study suggests that regular use of oxytocin for milk let down should be checked, should be prescribed on actual need and awareness should be created among farmers. Prolonged use of oxytocin interferes and inhibits the normal milk ejection reflex and causes fertility disorders such as poor estrus signs, low conception rate, high embryonic mortality, shortened lactation period, increased abortion, calf death and incidences of mastitis. These problems are currently being addressed in progeny-history interviews targeting each milking animal in the 20 monitored herds.
Regional management practices and prevalence of bovine respiratory disease in California's preweaned dairy calves; The objective of this cross-sectional study was to estimate the prevalence of bovine respiratory disease (BRD) in California preweaned dairy calves and identify management practices that are associated with BRD. A convenience sample of 100 dairies in the 3 distinct dairy regions of California was surveyed. Regions evaluated were Northern California (NCA), northern San Joaquin Valley (NSJV), and greater Southern California (GSCA). A questionnaire on calf management practices and demographic information was administered via in-person interviews at each dairy and a random sample of preweaned calves was evaluated using the California BRD scoring system on the same day. Prevalence of BRD varied between the 3 dairy regions: 9.30% in NCA, 4.51% in NSJV, and 7.35% in GSCA. Breed was not associated with BRD prevalence at the statewide level, but differences in prevalence were observed between breeds across the regions with a higher prevalence in NCA for Jerseys and in GSCA for Holsteins, compared with NSJV. Prevalence of BRD was not different between organic and conventional dairies. Colostrum management practices, including heat treatment and feeding colostrum from multiparous cows, varied by region and were associated with lower BRD prevalence. Calves housed in group pens, a practice observed primarily in NCA, had a higher BRD prevalence than those in individual housing. Feeding salable milk was also more common in NCA and was associated with lower BRD prevalence. Ground and road surfaces adjacent to the calf raising area were also variable by region, and paved surfaces were associated with lower BRD prevalence. Management practices associated with BRD varied across the state and may be addressed to inform the adoption and implementation of potentially protective management decisions on California dairies and other regions with similar dairy systems.
Associations of the MCM6-rs3754686 proxy for milk intake in Mediterranean and American populations with cardiovascular biomarkers, disease and mortality: Mendelian randomization; Controversy persists on the association between dairy products, especially milk, and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Genetic proxies may improve dairy intake estimations, and clarify diet-disease relationships through Mendelian randomization. We meta-analytically (n <= 20,089) evaluated associations between a lactase persistence (LP) SNP, the minichromosome maintenance complex component 6 (MCM6)-rs3754686C>T (nonpersistence>persistence), dairy intake, and CVD biomarkers in American (Hispanics, African-American and Whites) and Mediterranean populations. Moreover, we analyzed longitudinal associations with milk, CVD and mortality in PREDIMED), a randomized Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) intervention trial (n = 7185). The MCM6-rs3754686/MCM6-rs309180 (as proxy), LP-allele (T) was strongly associated with higher milk intake, but inconsistently associated with glucose and lipids, and not associated with CVD or total mortality in the whole population. Heterogeneity analyses suggested some sex-specific associations. The T-allele was associated with higher CVD and mortality risk in women but not in men (P-sex interaction: 0.005 and 0.032, respectively), mainly in the MedDiet group. However, milk intake was not associated with CVD biomarkers, CVD or mortality either generally or in sub-groups. Although MCM6-rs3754686 is a good milk intake proxy in these populations, attributing its associations with CVD and mortality in Mediterranean women to milk is unwarranted, as other factors limiting the assumption of causality in Mendelian randomization may exist.
Prophylaxis of Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients With Breast Cancer Using Herbal Creams: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial; Radiation-induced toxicity is a major limiting factor for prescribing radiation dose in cancer radiotherapy. Skin reaction to radiation is one of the primary concerns, which could affect quality of life of the patients both physically and mentally. Reviews of the literature show limited number of effective reagents for its prophylaxis. In this study, we attempted to determine whether prophylactic treatment of the 3 different herbal creams containing Centella asiatica, Cucumis sativus, and Thunbergia laurifolia extracts as well as a commercial moisturizing cream could reduce acute skin reaction in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy. A total of 153 breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy were randomly assigned into 5 different groups with one group receiving no treatment. The patients were instructed to apply their designated creams once daily from their first radiotherapy session until 1-month post-irradiation. Their skins were graded by a radiation oncologist on a weekly basis until 1-month post-irradiation to identify any skin reactions. The results showed that the administration of the herbal creams or the moisturizing cream could neither reduce the severity nor delay the onset of dermatitis compared with the no treatment group. However, despite the limited benefits from the prophylaxis, the Cucumis sativus cream was shown to help with the skin recovery post-irradiation. These results suggested that breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy should be advised to apply moisturizing cream to the area of irradiated skin.
Changes in tetracycline susceptibility of enteric bacteria following switching to nonmedicated milk replacer for dairy calves; A randomized intervention study was conducted to determine if discontinuing use of calf milk replacer medicated with oxytetracycline results in increased tetracycline susceptibility in Salmonella and Campylobacter spp. and Escherichia coli in dairy calves over a 12-month period. Dairy herds with enteric bacteria with known low tetracycline susceptibility were enrolled for the study. Fecal samples from preweaned calves and environmental samples were collected from eight dairy herds in Michigan and New York State. Samples were collected monthly for 3 months prior to and 12 months after four of the eight herds discontinued medicated milk replacer feeding. Salmonella and Campylobacter spp. and E. coli were isolated, and antimicrobial susceptibility testing was conducted using automated broth microdilution. A total of 804 intervention and 1,026 control calf fecal samples and 122 intervention and 136 control environmental samples were collected for testing. No differences in owner-reported morbidity and mortality between treatment groups were seen. The intervention was significantly associated with increasing tetracycline susceptibility in E. coli and Salmonella. Tetracycline susceptibility increased in intervention herds for the first 3 months after switching to nonmedicated milk replacer but declined in subsequent months. Discontinuing the practice of feeding medicated milk replacers to calves increased tetracycline susceptibility in E. coli and Salmonella on dairy farms, without increasing cattle disease, but declines in effectiveness after 3 months suggest that other factors contribute to decreasing susceptibility on the farm.
Randomized Controlled Trial of Oral Immunotherapy with Colostrum or Breast Milk and Clinical Outcomes among Preterm Babies; Background: It is well known that mother's milk is the best nutrient for the baby. Some formal studies have investigated its effectiveness and supported it as a safe feasible practice. The effects on other variables are vague since the evidence is not strong to observe significant differences in the outcomes, such as necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, length of hospital stay, and mortality.
Dairy products and ovarian cancer: A pooled analysis of 12 cohort studies; Background: Dairy foods and their constituents (lactose and calcium) have been hypothesized to promote ovarian carcinogenesis. Although case-control studies have reported conflicting results for dairy foods and lactose, several cohort studies have shown positive associations between skim milk, lactose, and ovarian cancer.
Preliminary stop of the TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC) trial; The "TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia" (TOPIC) trial was stopped preliminary, due to lagging inclusions. This study aimed to evaluate the treatment efficacy and clinical applicability of imiquimod 5% cream in high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). The lagging inclusions were mainly due to a strong patient preference for either of the two treatment modalities. This prompted us to initiate a new study on the same subject, with a non-randomized, open-label design: the 'TOPical Imiquimod treatment of high-grade Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (TOPIC)-3' study.
Assessing the validity of plasma phospholipid fatty acids as biomarkers of dairy fat intake using data from a randomized controlled intervention trial; Background Plasma phospholipid pentadecanoic acid (C15:0), heptadecanoic acid (C17:0), and trans-palmitoleic acid (trans-C16:1n-7) are correlates of dairy fat intake. However, their relative concentrations may be influenced by other endogenous factors, such as liver fat content, and their validity as biomarkers of dairy fat intake has yet to be established. Objectives We investigated whether liver fat content modifies relations between concentrations of C15:0, C17:0, and trans-C16:1n-7 (alone and in combination with iso-C17:0) and known dairy fat intake in the context of a randomized controlled intervention study. We further examined the proportion of dairy fat intake explained by these fatty acids on their own and when considering liver fat content. Methods We used data from a 12-wk intervention trial in which participants (n = 62) consumed diets limited in dairy (0.3 g/d of dairy fat), rich in low-fat dairy (8.7 g/d of dairy fat), or rich in full-fat dairy (28.5 g/d of dairy fat). We used linear regression models to examine relations between relative fatty acid concentrations and grams per day of dairy fat intake, liver fat percentage, and their interaction. Results Only trans-C16:1n-7 in isolation (beta: 0.0004 +/- 0.0002, P = 0.03) and combined with iso-C17:0 (beta: 0.002 +/- 0.0005, P < 0.0001) were consistently positively associated with dairy fat intake regardless of liver fat content. Trans-C16:1n-7 combined with iso-C17:0 also explained the greatest proportion of variation (35.4%) in dairy fat intake. C15:0 and C17:0 were not associated with dairy fat intake after adjusting for liver fat and were predicted to be higher in relation to increased dairy fat intake only among individuals with elevated liver fat. Conclusions The potential for liver fat to affect relative plasma phospholipid concentrations of C15:0 and C17:0 raises questions about their validity as biomarkers of dairy fat intake. Of the fatty acid measures tested, trans-C16:1n-7 combined with iso-C17:0, especially with adjustment of liver fat, age, and sex, may provide the most robust estimate of dairy fat consumption.
Effects of soybean oil or rumen protected conjugated linoleic acid supplementation on accumulation of conjugated linoleic acid in dairy cows' milk; The effects of feeding soybean oil (SBO) or rumen protected conjugated linoleic acid (RP-CLA) on CLA accumulation in milk, and performance of lactating dairy cows were studied. Twenty four Holstein Friesian crossbred lactating dairy cows, averaging 126 +/- 45 days in milk, 15.6 +/- 2.43 kg of milk and 452 +/- 51 kg body weight were stratified randomly and assigned in a randomized complete block design (RCBD) to three treatments of 8 cows each. The treatments were control, 150 g of SBO and 150 g of RP-CLA supplementation. Performance parameters showed that DM intake, NELP intake and body weight change were similar across treatments, while CP intake was decreased by SBO and RP-CLA supplementation. Milk yield and milk composition were not significantly different among treatments, except for milk fat percentage and fat yield which were significantly decreased by 27% (p < 0.05) and by 28% (p < 0.01), respectively, by RP-CLA supplements compared with control treatment. Feeding RP-CLA reduced 3.5% FCM compared with the other treatments (p < 0.003). Both SBO and PR-CLA supplementation reduced < C16:0 fatty acids but increased 08:0 and CLA concentration in milk fat.
Separate housing for one month after calving improves production and health in primiparous cows but not in multiparous cows; The hypothesis was that dairy cows housed for 1 mo after calving in a separate group with herd mates would produce more milk and would be healthier than cows integrated in a group of all lactating cows immediately after calving. The experiment was conducted with 489 cows in 6 commercial loose-housing dairy herds where cows were randomly selected for treatment (separate housing) or control. Cows selected for treatment were housed for 1 mo after calving in a separate section, and controls were housed in the remaining section of the barn for lactating cows. Data were compared for milk yield, somatic cell count, medical treatments, reproductive performance, culling, mortality, and clinical observation of scores for body condition, leg and udder hygiene, lameness, hock lesions, other cutaneous lesions, vaginal discharge, and condition of the hair coat. The analysis of the effect of separate housing showed that primiparous cows produced more milk [approximately 230 kg of energy-corrected milk from 0 to 305 d in milk (DIM)], whereas multiparous and especially parity 3+ cows produced less milk (approximately 394 kg of energy-corrected milk from 0 to 305 DIM) during the lactation. Separate housing had no effect on mortality or reproductive efficiency. In primiparous cows, the number of medical treatments for ketosis was reduced by separate housing [hazard ratio 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.13-0.83]. Clinical evaluations showed that separate housing decreased the scores for hock lesions in cows at 0 to 30 DIM (odds ratio 0.41, CI: 0.19-0.91), whereas the scoring of leg cleanliness showed more dirty legs in separated cows at 0 to 30 DIM (odds ratio 3.61, CI: 2.01-6.47) compared with cows integrated into the herd immediately. The body condition score in separated cows was reduced from 0 to 30 DIM (score reduced by 0.16, CI: 0.07-0.25) and from 31 to 60 DIM (score reduced by 0.13, CI: 0.04-0.23) compared with cows integrated immediately. We concluded that separate housing for 1 mo after calving increased milk yield in primiparous cows but not in multiparous cows, which produced less milk. The hypothesis about fewer health problems could only be confirmed with regard to fewer primiparous cows being treated for ketosis.
Randomized Controlled Trial of the Prophylactic Effect of Urea-Based Cream on Sorafenib-Associated Hand-Foot Skin Reactions in Patients With Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma; Purpose
Effect of age of introduction to an automated milk feeder on calf learning and performance and labor requirements; Group housing of dairy calves with automated milk feeders (AMF) is increasingly being used, but the effect of introducing calves to the AMF at a very young age (<24 h) on calf performance, health, and welfare, as well as farm personnel labor requirements are unknown. The objective of this controlled trial was to investigate whether early (<24 h after birth) introduction of calves affects the time to learn how to drink from the AMF, labor requirements for feeding milk during the learning phase, and average daily gain during the milk-feeding period compared with calves conventionally introduced at 5 d of age. Sixty Holstein calves (heifers and bulls) were assigned at birth to either early introduction (<24 h after birth) or conventional introduction (at 5 d of age) to the group pen with AMF. After birth, calves were housed in individual pens and then introduced, based on assigned treatment, to the group pen with an AMF and a continuous flow stocking approach. Calves were fed milk replacer and gradually weaned from d 47 to 60 of age. Calves had access to starter from 5 d of age, and to water and straw right after colostrum feeding. We measured the time between first training to use the AMF and first unassisted visit to the AMF with milk intake, the number of assisted visits until the calf was independent in its use of the AMF (successful learning), and the total time required for milk feeding (labor) until successful learning. Calves were weighed at birth, 30, 46, and 61 d of age, and were monitored daily for signs of disease. Daily milk and starter intake per calf were automatically recorded. Early-introduced calves took longer to successfully learn to use the AMF {64.9 h [95% confidence interval (CI) = 59.1 to 77.9] vs. 31.4 h (95% CI = 22.8 to 47.9)} and tended to require more assisted visits [7.8 visits (95% CI = 6.2 to 9.7) vs. 5.9 visits (95% CI = 4.8 to 7.5)] compared with conventionally introduced calves. Labor for milk feeding was greater for conventionally introduced calves relative to early-introduced calves [145.6 min (95% CI = 125.1 to 169.4) vs. 39.9 min (95% CI = 33.5 to 47.6)]. Disease risk was similar between treatments but the risk of severe versus mild diarrhea was greater for early-compared with conventionally introduced calves (odds ratio = 4.7; 95% CI 1.01 to 31.1). Early-introduced calves consumed less milk during the first days of life compared with conventionally introduced calves (d 2 = 5.5 vs. 6.4 L; d 3 = 7.0 vs. 8.2 L; d 4 = 7.0 vs. 8.4 L; d 6 = 6.4 vs. 7.9 L; d 7 = 6.0 vs. 7.0 L, respectively), with no differences after 8 d. We found no effect of treatment on average daily gain. Although introducing calves <24 h after birth required more assistance to use the AMF, farm labor for milk feeding tasks was less for early-introduced calves. Thus, with early introduction to AMF, a trade-off may exist between reduced labor per calf, with no effect on weight gain, but potentially a higher risk of severe diarrhea (vs. mild).
Local dermal application of a compound lidocaine cream in pain management of cancer wounds; The aim of this study was to explore the analgesic effect of local application of compound lidocaine/prilocaine cream on cancer wounds during wound care in order to reduce the amount of morphine intake or completely replace the systemic morphine administration and optimize the protocol for cancer wound pain management. All patients were enrolled with a visual analog scale (VAS) pain score >= 4. Before wound care, 60 patients were randomly divided into 2 groups of 30 each: morphine group (10 mg tablet); topical 5% compound lidocaine cream group (0.2 g/cm(2)). VAS scores, heart rate, and Kolcaba comfort level were recorded for the two groups 10 min before and 10, 15, 20, and 25 min after wound care and data were analyzed statistically. The means for the pain score and heart rate of the topical lidocaine/prilocaine cream group were lower than those of the morphine group (P<0.01) and the Kolcaba comfort level was higher (P<0.01). Local dermal application of the compound lidocaine cream can be used as an alternative to the systemic morphine administration in cancer wound care for its safety and effectiveness. In addition, it can improve the patients' comfort and quality of life.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose regimens of conjugated estrogens cream administered vaginally; Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of low-dose conjugated estrogens (CE) cream for treatment of atrophic vaginitis.
Tributyrin supplementation in pasteurized waste milk: Effects on growth performance, health, and blood parameters of dairy calves; This study evaluated the effects of incremental tributyrin supplementation in pasteurized waste milk on growth performance, health, and blood metabolism of dairy calves before and after weaning. Forty-eight newborn female Holstein dairy calves (39.6 +/- 2.75 kg; mean +/- standard deviation) were blocked by age and randomly assigned to 3 treatments: pasteurized waste milk (1) without supplementation, (2) with 1 g/L of tributyrin products (unprotected solid powder; containing 35% tributyrin), or (3) with 2 g/L of tributyrin products. The calves were weaned on d 56 and were raised until d 77. Data were analyzed for the preweaning, postweaning, and overall periods. The results showed that starter intake and hay intake were not different among treatments in any period of the trial, but the crude protein intake tended to increase linearly with tributyrin supplementation during the overall period. Although tributyrin supplementation had no effects on body weight during preweaning and overall periods, body weight increased linearly with tributyrin supplementation postweaning. The average daily gain tended to increase linearly during postweaning and overall periods. No effects were observed on feed efficiency in any period. A positive linear relationship between body length and tributyrin supplementation was observed during the postweaning period, but no differences were found for the other body structural measurements in any period. The results of diarrhea showed that tributyrin concentration had a negative linear relationship with diarrhea frequency during preweaning and overall periods. The rectal temperature did not differ among treatments in any period, but a treatment x week effect for rectal body temperature was observed. For blood metabolism, tributyrin supplementation had no effects on insulin, growth hormone, total protein, albumin, or globulin. No differences were found in serum amyloid A concentration in any of the periods, yet haptoglobin concentration decreased linearly with increasing tributyrin concentration during postweaning and overall periods. Endothelin concentration showed a tendency to decrease linearly during preweaning and postweaning periods and decreased linearly with tributyrin supplementation during the overall period. An increasing tributyrin concentration was associated with a negative linear relationship with IL-1 beta concentration during the preweaning period, and no differences were found in the other periods. The concentration of IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor alpha were not different among treatments in any of the periods. These data suggest that increasing the concentration of tributyrin in pasteurized waste milk could increase growth performance and health of dairy calves, and incremental tributyrin supplementation could linearly reduce haptoglobin, endothelin, and IL-1 beta concentrations, indicating a positive effect of tributyrin on alleviating oxidative stress and inflammatory status of dairy calves. Calves fed pasteurized waste milk supplemented with tributyrin products (containing 35% tributyrin) at 2 g/L compared with 1 g/L of milk had more improved growth and health.
Membrane-rich milk fat diet provides protection against gastrointestinal leakiness in mice treated with lipopolysaccharide; Milk fat globule membrane is a protein-lipid complex that may strengthen the gut barrier. The main objective of this study was to assess the ability of a membrane-rich milk fat diet to promote the integrity of the gut barrier and to decrease systemic inflammation in lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-challenged mice. Animals were randomly assigned to one of 2 American Institute of Nutrition (AIN)-76A formulations differing only in fat source: control diet (corn oil) and milk fat diet (anhydrous milk fat with 10% milk fat globule membrane). Each diet contained 12% calories from fat. Mice were fed diets for 5 wk, then injected with vehicle or LPS (10 mg/kg of BW) and gavaged with dextran-fluorescein to assess gut barrier integrity. Serum was assayed for fluorescence 24 h after gavage, and 16 serum cytokines were measured to assess the inflammatory response. Gut permeability was 1.8-fold higher in LPS-challenged mice fed the control diet compared with the milk fat diet. Furthermore, mice fed the milk fat diet and injected with LPS had lower serum levels of IL-6, IL-10, IL-17, monocyte chemotactic protein (MCP)-1, interferon (IFN)-gamma, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, and IL-3 compared with LPS-injected mice fed the control diet. The results indicate that the membrane-rich milk fat diet decreases the inflammatory response to a systemic LPS challenge compared with corn oil, and the effect coincides with decreased gut permeability.
Effects of an organic source of copper, manganese and zinc on dairy cattle productive performance, health status and fertility; The objective was to determine effects of partially replacing Zn. Cu and Mn in sulphate form with organic trace minerals (OTM) during the dry period and lactation on dairy cow productive performance, fertility and health status, while supplying Zn and Cu to meet National Research Council (NRC: 2001) guidelines for lactating Holstein dairy cows in mid-lactation and Mn above NRC guidelines. At the beginning of the dry period, 296 pregnant Holstein cows were randomized to one of two experimental groups. During the dry phase, cows were fed a diet where Cu, Mn, and Zn were supplied as sulphates (control group) or a diet in which 500 g/kg of Cu, Mn, and Zn was supplied as sulphates and 500 g/kg as OTM (KeyShure (TM)). During lactation, cows that had been previously assigned to the control group were fed, for 240 d, a diet where Cu, Mn, and Zn were supplied as sulphates (control group) while cows which had received OTM during the dry phase were fed a diet in which 250 g/kg of sulphates were replaced with similar amounts of organic Cu. Mn, and Zn (OTM). Cows were housed in a free stall barn with four pens (two pens per treatment). Colostrum from cows fed OTM contained more immunoglobulins (+19%; P < 0.01) whereas OTM supplementation had no effect on the concentration of trace minerals in colostrum. During the first 150 d, OTM increased milk fat content by 4.4% (P < 0.05) while milk yield, protein content and somatic cell count were not influenced by treatment. Because more cows from the OTM group became pregnant between 150 and 240 d, a higher number of services per conception (2.01 versus 2.61 for control and OTM, respectively; P < 0.01) occurred in cows fed OTM. Calf mortality at calving was lower in multiparous cows fed OTM (15.6 versus 5.6% for control and OTM, respectively; P < 0.05) whereas there were no differences in other pathologic events and claw disorders. This study produced evidence that partial substitution of Zn, Cu and Mn sulphates with OTM during the dry phase and lactation resulted in higher colostrum immunoglobulins and milk fat, as well as lower calf mortality at calving. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of an exclusive human-milk diet in preterm neonates on early vascular aging risk factors (NEOVASC): study protocol for a multicentric, prospective, randomized, controlled, open, and parallel group clinical trial; Background: Preterm birth accounts for approximately 11% of all livebirths globally. Due to improvements in perinatal care, more than 95% of these infants now survive into adulthood. Research has indicated a robust association between prematurity and increased cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular mortality. While the innate adverse effects of prematurity on these outcomes have been demonstrated, therapeutic strategies on the mitigation of these concerning developments are lacking. The primary objective of the NEOVASC clinical trial is therefore to investigate whether the administration of a prolonged exclusive human-milk diet in preterm infants is capable of alleviating the harmful effects of preterm birth on the early development of cardiovascular risk factors.
Clinical response after chitosan microparticle administration and preliminary assessment of efficacy in preventing metritis in lactating dairy cows; The objectives were to evaluate the clinical response to intrauterine administration of chitosan microparticles (CM) and to assess efficacy for preventing metritis in dairy cows. Holstein cows (n = 104; 40 primiparous and 64 multiparous) at increased risk for metritis (cows that had abortion, dystocia, twins, stillbirth, or retained placenta) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments at 1 d in milk (DIM; 24 h postpartum): CM group (n = 52), daily intrauterine infusion of 8 g of CM dissolved in 40 mL of sterile water for 5 d; control (CON) group (n = 52), daily intrauterine infusion of 40 mL of sterile water for 5 d. Clinical response was assessed by evaluation of parameters associated with inflammation (rectal temperature and plasma haptoglobin concentration) and metabolism [plasma nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) and beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations] up to 14 DIM, and daily milk yield up to 30 DIM. Uterine discharge pH was evaluated at 4, 7, 10, and 14 DIM as an indicator of bacterial load and acid byproduct production. The cumulative incidence of metritis was evaluated up to 4, 7, 10, and 14 DIM. Continuous and dichotomous outcomes were evaluated with mixed linear and logistic regression analysis, respectively. Treatment with CM did not affect rectal temperature (39.17 +/- 0.04 vs. 39.14 +/- 0.04 degrees C), haptoglobin (1.10 +/- 0.05 vs. 1.07 +/- 0.05 mg/mL), NEFA (0.64 +/- 0.04 vs. 0.63 +/- 0.04 mmol/L), BHB (0.61 +/- 0.03 vs. 0.57 +/- 0.03 mmol/L), or milk yield (30.3 +/- 0.92 vs. 30.1 +/- 0.97 kg/d) compared with CON. An interaction between treatment and time showed that NEFA concentrations were lower for CM than CON at 10 DIM (0.46 +/- 0.06 vs. 0.64 +/- 0.06 mmol/L). Treatment with CM resulted in greater uterine discharge pH than CON (6.91 +/- 0.03 vs. 6.83 +/- 0.02). Cows that developed metritis had increased concentrations of haptoglobin and BHB, and decreased uterine discharge pH and milk yield. Treatment with CM resulted in decreased incidence of metritis up to 7 DIM compared with CON (46.2 vs. 65.4%); however, no differences were found at 4 (11.5 vs. 17.3%), 10 (61.5 vs. 73.1%), and 14 DIM (63.5 vs. 73.1%) for CM versus CON, respectively. In conclusion, CM did not alter clinical parameters of cows at risk for metritis, and may merit further investigation for prevention of metritis. However, the duration of treatment may have to be extended to effectively reduce the incidence of metritis during the high-risk period.
Topical imiquimod treatment for human papillomavirus infection in patients with and without cervical/vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia; Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and toxicity of topical imiquimod for the treatment of persistent human papillomavirus (HPV) infection in patients with or without cervical/vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN/VAIN).
Associations between milk progesterone concentration on different days and with embryo survival during the early luteal phase in dairy cows; The relationships between the concentration of milk progesterone and early embryo survival on Days 4-8 inclusive and between the concentration of progesterone on different days from Days 0-8 inclusive following Ovulation and insemination were examined in dairy cows. The relationships were examined following 77 randomly chosen artificial inseminations to cows in standing oestrus. There was a significant (P < 0.05) linear and quadratic relationship between the concentration of milk progesterone on each of Days 4-6 after Ovulation and the probability of embryo Survival. There was no association (P > 0.05) between milk progesterone concentration and probability of embryo survival on Days 7 and 8 after ovulation. There were no associations between milk progesterone concentration on Days 0-2 and the concentrations on Days 4-7, however, progesterone concentrations on Days 4 and 5 were highly predictive of the concentration on Days 6 and 7, respectively. Overall, the results indicate that Suboptimal progesterone support during the early luteal phase is likely to deleteriously affect embryo viability and in addition, that it is possible to predict milk progesterone concentrations during the early luteal phase based on earlier stage concentrations and thus identify cows at risk of early embryo loss. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diphenylcyclopropenone for the treatment of cutaneous in-transit melanoma metastases - results of a prospective, non-randomized, single-centre study; BackgroundCurrent treatments for in-transit melanoma (ITM) metastases are frequently invasive and do not improve overall survival. Recently, there has been increasing investigation into the use of topical agents. Diphenylcyclopropenone or diphencyprone (DPCP) is a novel, topical therapy that has been reported to have immune-sensitizing properties useful in the treatment of ITM.
Effect of probiotic fermented milk and chlorophyllin on gene expressions and genotoxicity during AFB<sub>1</sub>-induced hepatocellular carcinoma; The aim of this study was to investigate the chemopreventive effect of probiotic fermented milk and chlorophyllin on aflatoxin B-1 (AFB(1)) induced hepatocellular carcinoma. In vivo trials were conducted on 200 Wistar rats allocated to eight groups. Rats in the positive control group were given intraperitoneal injection of aflatoxin B-1 at 450 mu g/kg body weight twice a week for 6 weeks. The rats were sacrificed and dissected at 25th week of the experiment, and comet assay was carried out in hepatic cells to assess the genotoxicity or DNA damage. The tumour incidence was decreased by approximately one-third than AFB(1) control group. The expression of c-myc box, bcl-2, cyclin D1, p53 and rasp-21 genes was also studied. A significant (P<0.05) reduction in DNA damage was observed in probiotic fermented milk with chlorophyllin group as compared to aflatoxin B-1 control group. The c-myc, bd-2, cyclin D1 and rasp-21 level was found to be highest in AFB(1) control group as compared to the treatment group. The results advocate the enhanced protective potential of probiotic fermented milk and chlorophyllin against AFB(1)-induced molecular alterations in hepatic cells during carcinogenesis. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Clearance of Cervical Human Papillomavirus Infection by Topical Application of Curcumin and Curcumin Containing Polyherbal Cream: A Phase II Randomized Controlled Study; Curcumin and curcumin containing polyherbal preparations have demonstrated anti-microbial and antiviral properties in pre-clinical studies. Till date no therapeutic intervention has been proved to be effective and safe in clearing established cervical human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. The present study evaluated the efficacy of Basant polyherbal vaginal cream (containing extracts of curcumin, reetha, amla and aloe vera) and of curcumin vaginal capsules to eliminate HPV infection from cervix. Women were screened by Pap smear and HPV DNA test by PCR. HPV positive women without high grade cervical neoplasias (N=287) were randomized to four intervention arms to be treated with vaginal Basant cream, vaginal placebo cream, curcumin vaginal capsules and placebo vaginal capsules respectively. All subjects were instructed to use one application of the assigned formulation daily for 30 consecutive days except during menstruation and recalled within seven days of the last application for repeat HPV test, cytology and colposcopy. HPV clearance rate in Basant arm (87.7%) was significantly higher than the combined placebo arms (73.3%). Curcumin caused higher rate of clearance (81.3%) than placebo though the difference was not statistically significant. Vaginal irritation and itching, mostly mild to moderate, was significantly higher after Basant application. No serious adverse events were noted.
Randomized controlled trial of effects of <i>Escherichia coli</i> antiserum on serum immunoglobulin G concentrations and morbidity and mortality rates in foals; Objective-To determine whether administration of commercially available Escherichia coli antiserum to neonatal foals would affect serum IgG concentration or morbidity and mortality rates during the first 60 days of life.
Genetic and environmental factors influencing first service conception rate and late embryonic/foetal mortality in low fertility dairy herds; The objective of this study was to identify factors affecting variation in conception rate to first artificial inseminations (AT) (CR: number of pregnant cows on D80-100/inseminated cows) and the incidence of embryonic/foetal loss (LEM) between 21 and 80 days of pregnancy (number of cows non-pregnant on D80-100/pregnant on D21) in 44 low fertility dairy herds of the west-central region of France. Reproductive status was assessed using progesterone milk concentration on D0= Day of AT and D21-24, plasma PSPB concentration on D30-35, rectal palpation on D80-100 and observed return to oestrous. The final data set contained 1285 Prim'Holstein cows, 5.0% (64/1285) were inseminated in the luteal phase (progesterone >= 3 ng/ml on DO), 61.3% (787/1285) were pregnant on D21-24 (progesterone < 3 ng/ml on DO and >= 5 ng/ml on D21-24), 15.4% lost their embryo/foetus between D21-24 and D80-100 (198/1285) and 45.8% (589/1285) were pregnant on D80-100. The incidence of late embryonic/foetal loss (LEM) was 25.2% (198/787). Multivariate logistic regression models including the random herd effect were used to analyse the relationship between AT centre, AT sire, cow's sire, parity, interval between calving and AT, milk production, milk protein content, body condition score (BCS) on D0, season of calving, season of AI, estimated genetic index on CR and LEM incidence. CR was significantly related to parity (p < 0,05), milk production after calving (p < 0.05) and estimated genetic value (p < 0.01). A significant difference in CR was observed for calving to At interval <= 70 days versus >= 90 days, but the overall effect of the interval was not significant (p = 0.11). LEM incidence was affected by period of AI (p < 0.05), milk production (p < 0.05) and BCS (P < 0.05), but was not related to estimated genetic index. In conclusion, in these low fertility herds, the incidence of LEM was high and 25% of the cows lost their embryo after 21 days of pregnancy. LEM was affected by specific factors (season, BCS), which were not related to CR. The absence of a relationship between estimated genetic index and LEM in spite of its effect on CR indicates that estimated genetic merit has a greater effect on early embryonic loss or fertilisation failure than on later stages of embryo development. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dairy consumption and working memory performance in overweight and obese adults; All individuals will experience some degree of cognitive impairment in their later years. Diet is one readily modifiable factor that may influence cognitive function and psychological well-being. Very little research has considered the potential role of dairy foods in modulating cognitive and psychological functions. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of a high intake of reduced fat dairy food on cognitive performance. Overweight adults with habitually low dairy intakes (<two serves/day) were recruited for a 12 month crossover dietary intervention trial and randomised to a high (four serves/day) or low (one serve/day) intake of reduced fat dairy, crossing over to the alternate diet after 6 months. Participants were tested at the end of each 6 month diet period on multiple measures of cognitive performance, including memory, information processing speed, executive function, attention and abstract reasoning. In 38 participants who completed the trial (average age = 52 +/- 2 years; BMI = 31.5 +/- 0.8 kg/m(2)), spatial working memory performance was marginally better following 6 months of the high dairy diet compared with the low dairy diet. Increasing the dairy intake of habitually low dairy consumers may have the potential to improve working memory. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fermented Dairy Products, Probiotic Supplementation, and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Fermented dairy foods (FDFs) and probiotics are promising tools for the prevention and management of cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs), respectively. The relation between the regular consumption of FDFs and CMD risk factors was assessed by prospective cohort studies (PCSs), and the effect of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix on CMD parameters was evaluated by randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Moreover, the effects of probiotic supplementation added into a dairy matrix were compared with those administered in capsule/powder form. Twenty PCSs and 52 RCTs met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review and meta-analysis. In PCSs, fermented milk was associated with a 4% reduction in risk of stroke, ischemic heart disease, and cardiovascular mortality [RR (95% CI); 0.96 (0.94, 0.98)]; yogurt intake was associated with a risk reduction of 27% [RR (95% CI); 0.73 (0.70, 0.76)] for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 20% [RR (95% CI); 0.80 (0.74, 0.87)] for metabolic syndrome development. In RCTs, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices produced a greater reduction in lipid biomarkers than when added into capsules/powder in hypercholesterolemic subjects, and probiotic supplementation by capsules/powder produced a greater reduction in T2D biomarkers than when added into dairy matrices in diabetic subjects. Both treatments (dairy matrix and capsules/powder) resulted in a significant reduction in anthropometric parameters in obese subjects. In summary, fermented milk consumption is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk, while yogurt intake is associated with a reduced risk of T2D and metabolic syndrome development in the general population. Furthermore, probiotic supplementation added into dairy matrices could be considered beneficial for lowering lipid concentrations and reducing anthropometric parameters. Additionally, probiotic capsule/powder supplementation could contribute to T2D management and reduce anthropometric parameters. However, these results should be interpreted with caution due to the heterogeneity of the studies and the different probiotic strains used in the studies.
Does aqueous or sucralfate cream affect the severity of erythernatous radiation skin reactions? A randomised controlled trial; Background and purpose: Evidence on which to base decisions about the management of radiation skin reactions is lacking. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether sucralfate or aqueous cream reduced acute skin toxicity during radiotherapy to the head and neck, breast or anorectal area (phase A), and to evaluate the effect of hydrogels and dry dressings on moist desquamation (phase B). This paper presents the results of phase A.
No differences between Calendula cream and aqueous cream in the prevention of acute radiation skin reactions - Results from a randomised blinded trial; Purpose: The purpose of this blinded, randomized clinical trial was to compare two topical agents (Calendula Weleda (R) cream vs. Essex (R) cream) in reducing the risk of severe acute radiation skin reactions (ARSR) in relation to adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) for breast cancer.
Effect of urea cream on sorafenib-associated hand-foot skin reaction in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: A multicenter, randomised, double-blind controlled study; Background: Hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most common adverse event during sorafenib treatment in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of urea cream in the prevention of HFSR or amelioration of HFSR severity.
Phase II trial of topically applied miltefosine solution in patients with skin-metastasized breast cancer; Skin deposits from breast cancer can present serious therapeutic problems, especially when resistant to conventional therapy. Topical application of a cytotoxic drug may represent an attractive new treatment modality devoid of major systemic toxicity Miltefosine was selected because of its efficacy in breast cancer models. A mixture of alkylated glycerols of various chain lengths and water was used as the pharmaceutical vehicle to dissolve and to further facilitate tissue penetration of miltefosine. In our Institute a phase II study was performed to determine the efficacy and tolerability of topically applied miltefosine in patients with cutaneous metastases from breast cancer. Thirty-three patients in total entered the trial. A 6% miltefosine solution was applied once daily in the first week and twice daily in the following weeks. The planned minimum treatment duration was 8 weeks. We found an overall response rate of 43% for 30 evaluable patients, composed of 23% complete response and 20% partial response. The median response duration was 18 weeks, range 8-68. Toxicity consisted mainly of localized skin reactions, which could be controlled by a paraffin-based skin cream and, where appropriate, by dose modification. No systemic toxicities were observed. We conclude that topical miltefosine is an effective treatment modality in patients with skin metastases from breast cancer.
Effects of calfhood respiratory disease on health and performance of dairy cattle: A systematic review and meta-analysis; val: 1.75 to 3.03) compared with heifers not diagnosed with this condition. Heifers experiencing calfhood BRD also had an average daily gain reduced by 0.067 kg/d (95% confidence interval: -0.099 to -0.034) and they produced 121.2 kg (95% confidence interval: -184.9 to -57.5) less milk during their first lactation. Other health and performance outcomes, such as age at first calving and odds of not finishing the first lactation, were also investigated but not summarized using a meta-analysis approach. Pooled estimates obtained in the present study may provide more accurate estimates of the overall economic losses associated with calfhood BRD in dairy cattle. Key words: bovine respiratory disease, heifers,
Dairy Consumption Lowers Systemic Inflammation and Liver Enzymes in Typically Low-Dairy Consumers with Clinical Characteristics of Metabolic Syndrome; Objectives: A 6-week cross-over study design was used to determine the effect of increased dairy consumption in typically low-dairy consumers (n = 37) with metabolic syndrome (MetS) on systemic inflammation and hepatic enzymes.
Definition of prepartum hyperketonemia in dairy goats; A prospective cohort study was conducted on 1,081 dairy goats from 10 commercial herds in Quebec (Canada) to define prepartum hyperketonemia based on optimal blood beta-hydroxybutyrate acid threshold values for the early prediction of pregnancy toxemia (PT) and mortality in late-gestation dairy goats. All pregnant goats had blood sampled weekly during the last 5 wk of pregnancy. The blood was analyzed directly on the farm for beta-hydroxybutyrate acid quantification using a Precision Xtra meter (Abbott Diabetes Care, SaintLaurent, QC, Canada). Body condition scores on the lumbar region and sternum were noted. Each goat was classified as being at low (n = 973) or high risk (n 108) of having PT by producers based on a standardized definition. The optimal threshold for predicting a PT diagnosis or mortality for each week before kidding was determined based on the highest sum of sensitivity and specificity. The association between hyperketonemia and subsequent PT was tested using a multivariable logistic regression model considering hyperketonemia at wk 4 prepartum, litter size, and body condition score at wk 4 prepartum as covariates, and herd and parturition cohort as random effects. The association between mortality and hyperketonemia was also tested using a logistic regression model accounting for the presence or absence of treatment during the last month of pregnancy. The hyperketonemia definition based on PT varied between >= 0.4 and >= 0.9 mmol/L during the last 5 wk prepartum. Goats affected by hyperketonemia at wk 4 prepartum and with a large litter size (>= 3 fetuses) had 2.1 and 40.5 times the odds, respectively, of subsequent PT than other goats. Hyperketonemia definitions based on mortality varied between >= 0.6 and >= 1.4 mmol/L during the last 4 wk prepartum, and was >= 1.7 mmol/L during the first week postpartum. Goats affected by hyperketonemia and treated by producers had 3.4 and 11.8 times the odds, respectively, of subsequent mortality than did other goats. These results showed that prepartum hyperketonemia could be defined in dairy goats using subsequent risks of PT or mortality during the last month of pregnancy.
Efficacy of topical <i>Calendula officinalis</i> on prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis: A randomised controlled trial; Objectives: A randomised controlled trial was undertaken to compare the efficacy of topical Calendula officinalis (Calendula) versus standard of care (Sorbolene: 10% glycerine in cetomacragol cream) in reducing the prevalence of radiation-induced dermatitis in women undergoing breast cancer radiotherapy.
Effect of extruded whole soybean dietary concentrate on conjugated linoleic acid concentration in milk in Jersey cows under pasture conditions; Contradictory results has been found on the effects of soybean supplementation and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) content in milk on feeding systems based on fresh forage The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of a dietary supplement with different quantities of extruded whole soybean on the production and composition of milk, and CLA concentration or their isomers in Jersey cows under pasture conditions. Twenty-one Jersey cows were randomly assigned into 3 groups of 7 animals each. The cows were supplemented with a dietary concentrate (5 kg d(-1)), and each group received one of the three next treatments: control without soybean (0-SB), with extruded whole soybean at 0.5 kg d(-1) (0.5-SB) or at 1 kg d(-1) (1-SB). The basic diet was a pasture composed of Lolium perenne (70%), Trifblium repens (25%) and other species. The duration of the study was 75 d. Milk production (p = 0.706) and protein production (p = 0.926) were not affected by treatments. Fat (p = 0.015) and protein (p = 0.045) content as well as fat production (p = 0.010) were lower in the 1-SB group. There was no effect of the inclusion of extruded soybean on total CLA content (p = 0.290) or the content of cis-9, trans-11 (p = 0.582), trans-10, cis-12 (p = 0.136) and cis-10, cis-12 (p = 0.288) isomers. However, concentrations of all isomers were affected by the nutritional quality of the pasture, with low values observed at greater maturity stages of pasture.
Substitution of Dairy Products and Risk of Death and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; Substitution models in epidemiologic studies specifying both substitute and substituted food in relation to disease risk may be useful to inform dietary guidelines. A systematic review of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of all -cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes (T2D) associated with the substitution of dairy products with other foods and between different dairy products. We systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science until 28th June, 2023. We calculated summary relative risks (SRRs) and 95% con fi dence intervals (95% CI) in random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the risk of bias with the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies - of Exposure (ROBINS -E) tool and certainty of evidence (CoE) using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) approach. Fifteen studies (with 34 publications) were included. There was moderate CoE that the substitution of low-fat dairy with red meat was associated with a higher risk of mortality, coronary artery disease, and T2D [SRR (95% CI): 1.11 (1.06, 1.16), 1.13 (1.08, 1.18), and 1.20 (1.16, 1.25)]. A higher risk of mortality and T2D was also observed when substituting low-fat dairy with processed meat [SRR (95% CI): 1.19 (1.11, 1.28) and 1.41 (1.33, 1.49); moderate CoE]. A lower mortality risk was associated with the substitution of dairy and yogurt with whole grains [SRR (95% CI): 0.89 (0.84, 0.93) and 0.91 (0.85, 0.97)], and butter with olive oil [SRR (95% CI): 0.94 (0.92, 0.97); all moderate CoE]. Mainly no associations were observed when substituting dairy products against each other on disease and mortality risk. Our fi ndings indicate associations between substituting dairy with red or processed meat and higher disease risk, whereas its substitution with whole grains was associated with a lower risk. However, there is little robust evidence that substituting whole-fat with low-fat dairy is associated with disease risk. (CRD42022303198).
Protective effects of doxepin cream on radiation dermatitis in breast cancer: A single arm double-blind randomized clinical trial; Aims Breast cancer is the most frequently occurring cancer in women. Lumpectomy followed by radiotherapy is suggested to be as effective as a total mastectomy. Radiation-induced dermatitis often occurs as a result of breast radiotherapy. Recent studies suggest that doxepin has promising anti-inflammatory properties. This study was undertaken to evaluate the effects of doxepin therapy on radiation dermatitis.
Saturated fats, dairy foods and cardiovascular health: No longer a curious paradox?; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major cause of death and morbidity in many parts of the world, and many dietary guidelines limit the intake of saturated fatty acids (SFA) as they are regarded as an important risk factor for CVDs due to their association with increased blood cholesterol. Dairy foods are often a major contributor to dietary intake of SFA, and since many dietary guidelines contain restrictions on SFA intake, this can lead to a moderation of dairy food intake despite meta-analyses generally showing dairy to have a neutral or negative association with CVDs. Many prospective studies and randomised controlled trials do not support a simple positive association between SFA intake and the risk of atherosclerotic CVD and its components although some early studies had a number of methodological weakness. Studies that included blood cholesterol data do broadly support the positive relationship between SFA and blood low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) but without increased CVD risk resulting, despite LDL being a causal factor in atherosclerotic CVD. These data suggest that LDL-C alone is not a consistently good predictor or cause of CVD risk, perhaps particularly in relation to dairy food consumption although some non-dairy food studies have also shown LDL-C reduction was not reflected in reduced CVD risk. This narrative review examines some reasons for these findings. Overall, restrictions on dairy food intake do not seem warranted, although there remains a need to further understand the association of different dairy food types with chronic diseases, perhaps particularly for type 2 diabetes.
Dairy products, calcium, and prostate cancer risk in the Physicians' Health Study; Background: A high calcium intake, mainly from dairy products, may increase prostate cancer risk by lowering concentrations of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3 [1,25(OH)(2)D-3], a hormone thought to protect against prostate cancer. The results of epidemiologic studies of this hypothesis are inconclusive.
A multisite, randomized field trial to evaluate the influence of lactoferrin on the morbidity and mortality of dairy calves with diarrhea; Diarrhea is one of the most common causes of antimicrobial use and mortality in young calves. To reduce antimicrobial use and resistance on dairy farms, research on alternative therapies for calf diarrhea is necessary. Our laboratory previously conducted a randomized clinical trial investigating the effectiveness of lactoferrin, an iron-binding protein found in colostrum, as a treatment for calf diarrhea. The trial showed significantly reduced calf mortality in diarrheic calves that were administered lactoferrin. Thus, the objective of this study was to corroborate the results of our prior clinical trial across multiple farms and to investigate the effect of lactoferrin on the morbidity and mortality of preweaned calves with naturally occurring cases of diarrhea. This randomized field trial was conducted on 5 commercial dairy farms in Ohio. In total, 485 calves (<= 21 d of age) were enrolled at first diarrhea diagnosis (fecal score 2 defined as loose to watery) and randomly assigned to receive an oral dose of lactoferrin (3 g of lactoferrin powder dissolved in 30 mL of water) or 30 mL of water (control) once daily for 3 consecutive days. Health assessments were conducted on the day of diarrhea diagnosis (d 0) and 1, 2, 3, 7, 14, 21, 28, and 35 d following diagnosis. Producer records of disease treatment and mortality were collected 120 d following diagnosis. A Poisson regression model was used to test differences between treatments in disease frequency through 35 d post-diarrhea diagnosis and the incidence risk of treatment and mortality risk 120 d post-diarrhea diagnosis; the model controlled for calf age at enrollment, farm, and treatment. Median calf age at enrollment was 11 d and ranged from 1 to 26 d of age. At study enrollment, 51.3% (123/240) and 52.2% (128/245) of calves in the control and lactoferrin treatment groups, respectively, were diagnosed with severe diarrhea (fecal score = 3). The frequency of disease (diarrhea, dehydration, depression, signs of respiratory disease) through 35 d following diarrhea diagnosis was not significantly different for calves in the lactoferrin and control groups. Overall mortality risk for enrolled calves was 9.9%, and 10.7% (22/243) and 9.1% (26/242) of calves in the lactoferrin and control groups, respectively, died or were culled in the 120 d following diarrhea diagnosis. The relative risk of death or culling did not differ between treatment groups, however. Therefore, as performed in this study, lactoferrin as a treatment for calf diarrhea was not beneficial.
Low-dose thiamine supplementation of lactating Cambodian mothers improves human milk thiamine concentrations: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Infantile beriberi-related mortality is still common in South and Southeast Asia. Interventions to increase maternal thiamine intakes, and thus human milk thiamine, are warranted; however, the required dose remains unknown.
Milk Intake in Early Life and Later Cancer Risk: A Meta-Analysis; Dairy consumption in adulthood has been demonstrated to influence cancer risk. Although childhood and adolescence represent critical periods of rapid growth, the relationship between milk intake in early life and later cancer risk is unclear. Thus, we examined this relationship by conducting a meta-analysis of the observational studies. PubMed and Embase were searched for relevant articles that were published throughout December 2021. The summary relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were estimated using the DerSimonian-Laird random-effects model. The summary RR for the highest vs. lowest milk intake was 0.83 (95% CI = 0.69-1.00; p = 0.05; I-2 = 60%; seven studies) for breast cancer, 0.98 (95% CI = 0.72-1.32; p = 0.88; I-2 = 51%; four studies) for prostate cancer, and 0.90 (95% CI = 0.42-1.93; p = 0.78; I-2 = 83%; three studies) for colorectal cancer. No evidence of an association emerged in subgroup analyses of menopausal status, cancer stage, fat content of milk, life stage of milk intake, or study design. Consistent results were observed in the meta-analyses using total dairy intake. In conclusion, milk intake during childhood and adolescence might not be associated with risks of breast, prostate, and colorectal cancer later in life. Given the small number of studies that were included in our meta-analysis, and the high heterogeneity, more studies are warranted for a definitive conclusion.
Evaluation of <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii</i> CNCM I-1079 fed before weaning on health and growth of male dairy calves; Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of Saccharomyces cerevisiac booulardii CNCM I-1079 (SCB; Lallemand Animal Nutrition, Milwaukee, WI) in improving growth and fecal consistency in young dairy calves.
Comparison of calf morbidity, mortality, and future performance across categories of passive immunity: A retrospective cohort study in a dairy herd; Four categories of transfer of passive immunity (TPI) were recently proposed in response to the widespread high preweaning morbidity and mortality risks in calves with adequate TPI when a dichotomous classification was used. Hitherto, however, the risks of preweaning morbidity and mortality and future performance among these TPI categories have not been compared. Thus, the objective of this retrospective cohort study was to compare dairy calf morbidity, mortality, growth until weaning, and reproductive efficiency until first calving among the categories of poor (<5.1 g/dL total protein), fair (5.1-5.7 g/dL), good (5.8-6.1 g/dL), and excellent (>6.2 g/dL) TPI. For this, the records from 4,336 dairy calves (2,272 female, 2,064 male) born January 2014 to April 2017 on a commercial dairy farm in Michi-gan were analyzed. These calves had been randomly selected for weekly serum total protein determination on calves 2 to 7 d old. Data from both sexes were used to evaluate preweaning health and mortality, whereas only the female's data were used to investigate aver-age daily gain (ADG), reproductive performance, and first-lactation milk yield. For each calf, data regarding disease status, growth, and reproductive parameters were obtained from the farm's software database. As -so ciations of TPI categories with disease events (diar-rhea or pneumonia), reproduction indices (age at first insemination, successful insemination, and calving, and number of inseminations), first-lactation milk yield and ADG at weaning were evaluated by survival analysis and mixed models. Compared with calves with excel-lent TPI, calves in the inferior TPI categories showed increased risk of diarrhea: poor [hazard ratio (HR) = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.22-1.82], fair (HR = 1.32; 95% CI: 1.16-1.51), good (HR = 1.14; 95% CI: 1.02-1.29). How-ever, the risk of pneumonia differed only between the calves in the poor and excellent TPI groups (HR = 1.39; 95% CI: 1.05-1.84). The preweaning mortality risk was also higher in calves with poor TPI (HR = 4.29; 95% CI: 1.98-9.27) compared with excellent TPI. However, mortality risks were not statistically different between calves with fair or good TPI and those with excellent TPI. Similarly, calves with poor TPI had a 64, 55, and 24% lower risk of reaching first insemination, successful insemination, or first calving, respectively. However, there were no differences in ADG, number of insemina-tions, or first-lactation 305-d mature equivalent milk production across TPI groups. Our results confirm the positive effects of optimal TPI in calf preweaning health and postweaning reproductive efficiency. The 4 proposed categories of TPI can assist in decreasing the incidence of diseases that occur in the first weeks of life (i.e., diarrhea), but their effect on other diseases or future performance might be more limited. Although conducted in one herd, this study can be used to il-lustrate the effect of TPI on future calf performance.
Effects of supplementing colostrum beyond the first day of life on growth and health parameters of preweaning Holstein heifers; The preweaning period for a dairy calf is characterized by high morbidity and mortality rates, leading to financial losses for producers. Identifying strategies to improve the health and welfare of calves while reducing antimicrobial use continues to be crucial to the success of the dairy industry. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of feeding colostrum replacer (CR) to dairy heifer calves beyond d 1 of life on growth, serum IgG, the incidence of diarrhea and bovine respiratory disease (BRD), and the risk of mortality in the preweaning period. At birth, Holstein heifer calves (n = 200; 50/treatment) weighing 40.7 +/- 0.35 kg (mean +/- SE) were fed 3.2 L of CR (205 g IgG/feeding) at 0 h and 12 h of life. Calves were then randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments: 450 g of milk replacer (MR) from d 2 to 14 (control, CON), 380 g of CR + 225 g of MR from d 2 to 3, then 450 g of MR from d 4 to 14 (transition, TRAN), 45 g of CR + 450 g of MR from d 2 to 14 (extended, EXT); or 380 g of CR + 225 g of MR from d 2 to 3, then 45 g of CR + 450 g of MR from d 4 to 14 (transition + extended, TRAN+EXT). Each treatment was reconstituted to 3 L and fed twice daily. All CR treatments were fed using bovine-derived CR containing 27% IgG. From d 15 to 41, all calves were fed 600 g of MR reconstituted to 4 L twice daily. Body weight was recorded at birth and every 7 d until study completion on d 49. Blood samples were taken daily until d 7 to evaluate serum IgG and then every 7 d until d 49. A health assessment was performed daily to evaluate calves for BRD and diarrhea. Data were analyzed using mixed linear regression, mixed logistic regression, and survival analysis models in SAS 9.4. Serum IgG concentrations were not affected by treatment for the study period. The EXT and TRAN+EXT groups had greater average daily gain (ADG) from d 7 to 14 (0.14 kg/d) and the TRAN group had greater ADG from d 14 to 21 (0.11 kg/d), compared with CON. There was no association of treatment with the odds or the duration of a diarrhea bout. However, provision of CR to the TRAN and EXT calves was associated with a reduced hazard of diarrhea compared with CON calves. Furthermore, TRAN and EXT calves have a lower hazard of mortality compared with CON calves, with TRAN and EXT calves had a 2.8- and 3.8 -times lower hazard of mortality, respectively. Our findings suggest that the supplementation of CR to dairy calves positively affects ADG, and reduces the hazard of diarrhea and mortality during the preweaning period. Future research should look to further refine the supplementation strategy of CR to calves and explore the mechanism of action.
Rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil supplementation on serum fatty acid profile, oxidation stability of serum and milk, and immune function of dairy cows; Objective:This study was designed to investigate the effect of diet supplementation with rubber seed oil and flaxseed oil on serum fatty acids profile, oxidation stability of serum and milk, and immune function of dairy cows.
Milk fatty acid characterization and genetic parameter estimates for milk conjugated linoleic acid in buffaloes; The objectives of this study were to analyse buffalo milk fat composition, to verify the activity of Delta (9)-desaturase enzyme in the mammary gland, as well as to estimate additive genetic variances for milk, fat and protein yield, and milk cis-9, trans-11 conjugated linoleic acid percentage (cis-9, trans-11 CLA%). A total of 3929 lactation milk yields (MY) records from 2130 buffaloes and 1598 lactation fat (FY) and protein (PY) yield records from 914 buffaloes were analysed. For cis-9, trans-11 CLA% percentage, a total of 661 milk samples from 225 buffaloes, daughters of 8 sires, belonging to 4 herds and calving in 2003 and 2004, were used. The genetic parameters and variance components were estimated by Restricted Maximum Likelihood applying an animal model. The fixed effects considered in the model were: contemporary group (herd, year, calving season) and age at calving (linear and quadratic effects) and lactation length (linear and quadratic effects) as covariables. Additive genetic and permanent environment effects were considered as random. The MY, FY, PY and CLA% means were 1482 +/- 355 kg, 90.1 +/- 24.6 kg, 56.9 +/- 15.2 kg and 0.69 +/- 0.16%, respectively. Heritability estimates for MY, FY, PY and CLA% were 0.28 +/- 0.05, 0.26 +/- 0.11, 0.25 +/- 0.11 and 0.35 +/- 0.14, respectively. There is enough additive genetic variation for buffalo milk, protein and fat yield to improve these traits through selection. The cis-9, trans-11 CLA% can be enhanced by selection in buffaloes and will contribute to improving human health. The activity and efficiency of Delta(9)-desaturase in the mammary was measured and confirmed.
<i>Short communication</i>: Oral and intranasal administration of a modified-live <i>Salmonella</i> Dublin vaccine in dairy calves: Clinical efficacy and serologic response; Our objectives were to evaluate the clinical efficacy of oral and intranasal administration of a commercial modified-live Salmonella Dublin vaccine in dairy calves and to determine the serologic response associated with these extralabel routes of administration. We conducted a randomized field trial with calves from a New York dairy farm following an outbreak of Salmonella Dublin. A total of 399 Holstein calves were allocated by pen to 3 treatment groups: oral vaccination, intranasal vaccination, arid an unvaccinated control group. Administration of the vaccine through oral and intranasal routes did not have a significant effect on pneumonia incidence risk or weight gain; however, calves vaccinated orally and intranasally had lower mortality risk as compared with control calves. Among calves tested using a Salmonella Dublin ELISA, vaccination did not induce an increase in antibody production relative to control calves, indicating that oral arid intranasal administration will not hinder diagnosis based on this assay.
Milk intake and incident stroke and CHD in populations of European descent: a Mendelian randomisation study; Higher milk intake has been associated with a lower stroke risk, but not with risk of CHD. Residual confounding or reverse causation cannot be excluded. Therefore, we estimated the causal association of milk consumption with stroke and CHD risk through instrumental variable (IV) and gene-outcome analyses. IV analysis included 29 328 participants (4611 stroke; 9828 CHD) of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-CVD (eight European countries) and European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Netherlands (EPIC-NL) case-cohort studies. rs4988235, a lactase persistence (LP) SNP which enables digestion of lactose in adulthood was used as genetic instrument. Intake of milk was first regressed on rs4988235 in a linear regression model. Next, associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with stroke and CHD were estimated using Prentice-weighted Cox regression. Gene-outcome analysis included 777 024 participants (50 804 cases) from MEGASTROKE (including EPIC-CVD), UK Biobank and EPIC-NL for stroke, and 483 966 participants (61 612 cases) from CARDIoGRAM, UK Biobank, EPIC-CVD and EPIC-NL for CHD. In IV analyses, each additional LP allele was associated with a higher intake of milk in EPIC-CVD (beta = 13 center dot 7 g/d; 95 % CI 8 center dot 4, 19 center dot 1) and EPIC-NL (36 center dot 8 g/d; 95 % CI 20 center dot 0, 53 center dot 5). Genetically predicted milk intake was not associated with stroke (HR per 25 g/d 1 center dot 05; 95 % CI 0 center dot 94, 1 center dot 16) or CHD (1 center dot 02; 95 % CI 0 center dot 96, 1 center dot 08). In gene-outcome analyses, there was no association of rs4988235 with risk of stroke (OR 1 center dot 02; 95 % CI 0 center dot 99, 1 center dot 05) or CHD (OR 0 center dot 99; 95 % CI 0 center dot 95, 1 center dot 03). Current Mendelian randomisation analysis does not provide evidence for a causal inverse relationship between milk consumption and stroke or CHD risk.
DAIRY CALF MANAGEMENT, MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN ONTARIO HOLSTEIN HERDS .1. THE DATA; Heifer calf management practices and clinical outcomes were studied on 104 randomly selected Holstein dairy farms in southwestern Ontario between October 1980 and July 1983. Data were collected at both the farm level (all farms) and the individual calf level (1968 calves, 35 farms). Farm-level management data were collected by means of questionnaires and farm visits. Calf-level management data were recorded by farmers on forms provided. Treatments for disease and mortality data were recorded by the farmers on the calves up to the age of weaning, the age at which calves were no longer fed milk or milk substitutes on a regular basis. Farm size ranged from 23 to 154 calvings per year. Farm-level mortality rates per six-month season (winter/summer) were skewed, with a mean of about 6%, a median of zero, and a range of 67%. Morbidity rates were similarly skewed. Four percent of liveborn heifer calves died, 20% were treated for scours, and 15% were treated for pneumonia before the age of  weaning. Stated farm policies on calf rearing were implemented to varying degrees on different farms, as estimated from individual calf data. This posed particular problems for interpreting farm-level data, since the danger of committing an ecologic fallacy was high. The data set described in this paper formed the basis for an observational study of the interrelationships of heifer calf mananagement and clinical outcomes.
Fermented dairy foods intake and risk of cancer; Fermented dairy foods are known to be nutrient-rich and probiotic content, which gather optimism due to their potential in prevention and management of cancer. We searched the PubMed, Embase and CNKI databases for all available studies through July 2018 on the association between fermented dairy foods intake and cancer risk. The odds ratio (OR) corresponding to the 95% confidence interval (95% CI) was used to assess the association using a random-effect meta-analysis. Finally, 61 studies met the inclusion criteria for our study, with 1,962,774 participants and 38,358 cancer cases. Overall, statistical evidence of significantly decreased cancer risk was found to be associated with fermented dairy foods intake (OR = 0.86, 95% CI = 0.80-0.92) in cohort studies. Yogurt consumption was significantly with decreased cancer risk in the overall comparison (OR = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.80-0.95) and in the cohort studies (OR = 0.81, 95% CI = 0.74-0.88). In terms of subgroup analyses by cancer type, fermented dairy foods intake significantly decreased bladder cancer, colorectal cancer and esophageal cancer risk. In stratified analyses, significantly decreased colorectal cancer risk was found to be associated with cheese intake. Yogurt consumption was significantly decreased bladder cancer and colorectal cancer risk. Our meta-analysis indicated that fermented dairy foods intake was associated with an overall decrease in cancer risk.
Oral Application of Mother's Own Milk for Prevention of Late Onset Sepsis in Preterm Very Low Birth Weight Neonates: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Oral application of mother's own milk (MOM) in very low birth weight (VLBW) neonates may provide an effective method of cleaning the oral cavity and influencing the immunocompetent cells there.</p>
Can milk proteins be a useful tool in the management of cardiometabolic health? An updated review of human intervention trials; The prevalence of cardiometabolic diseases is a significant public health burden worldwide. Emerging evidence supports the inverse association between greater dairy consumption and reduced risk of cardiometabolic diseases. Dairy proteins may have an important role in the favourable impact of dairy on human health such as blood pressure (BP), blood lipid and glucose control. The purpose of this review is to update and critically evaluate the evidence on the impacts of casein and whey protein in relation to metabolic function. Evidence from short-term clinical studies assessing postprandial responses to milk protein ingestion suggests benefits on vascular function independent of BP, as well as improvement in glycaemic homeostasis. Long-term interventions have been less conclusive, with some showing benefits and others indicating a lack of improvement in vascular function. During chronic consumption BP appears to be lowered and both dyslipidaemia and hyperglacaemia seem to be controlled. Limited number of trials investigated the effects of dairy proteins on oxidative stress and inflammation. Although the underlying mechanisms of milk proteins on cardiometabolic homeostasis remains to be elucidated, the most likely mechanism is to improve insulin resistance. The incorporation of meals enriched with dairy protein in the habitual diet may result in the beneficial effects on cardiometabolic health. Nevertheless, future well-designed, controlled studies are needed to investigate the relative effects of both casein and whey protein on BP, vascular function, glucose homeostasis and inflammation.
Necropsy as a means to gain additional information about causes of dairy cow deaths; High mortality among dairy cows constitutes a problem both financially and in relation to animal welfare. Knowledge about causes of death is a fundamental step toward reducing cow mortality. Several studies have evaluated causes of dairy cow deaths. However, the vast majority of studies describing causes of death are based on questionnaires with farmers or veterinarians. It is uncertain to what degree such information is sufficient and reflects the true cause of death or euthanasia. In this study, proximate causes of death were evaluated based on a thorough necropsy of a random sample of 79 Danish dairy cows at an incineration plant. The necropsy was combined with information about the farmer's perception regarding the cause of death and information about disease treatments from the Danish Cattle Database. Pneumonia and locomotor disorders were found to be the most predominant proximate causes of death. Often the death occurred after a prolonged period during which the cow suffered several different disorders, even though this was often not noticed by the farmer. Causes of death stated by the farmers agreed with the necropsy results in 50 to 64% of cases. Information about disease treatments from the Danish Cattle Database agreed with the necropsy results in 34 to 39% of cases. All 3 sources of information about cause of death agreed in only 1 out of 4 cases, and even when the farmer and the disease recordings did agree with the necropsy results, the latter often gave additional information about the cause of death. In many situations, therefore, a necropsy may be a valuable tool when trying to control excessive cow mortality in a herd.
Placebo-controlled phase II study of vitamin K3 cream for the treatment of cetuximab-induced rash; Cetuximab inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), and papulopustular eruptions is a frequent side effect. Vitamin K3 (menadione) has preclinically shown to be a potential activator of the EGFR by phosphorylating the receptor (pEGFR). The present randomised study investigated the effect of a vitamin K3 cream on cetuximab-induced rash.
Effects of dietary 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 on the lactation performance, blood metabolites, antioxidant and immune function in dairy cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 on the lactation performance, blood metabolites, and antioxidant and immune function in dairy cows. Thirty-six mid-lactation Holstein dairy cows were blocked according to day in milk, milk yield and somatic cell counts (SCC) and were randomly assigned to 3 treatments. Treatments were a basal diet plus 0 mg, 1 mg or 3 mg 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 per cow per day throughout a 9-week trial period. Cows were milked three times daily, and dry matter intake and milk yield were measured daily. Milk components were sampled at days 0, 21, 42 and 63 for milk fat, protein, lactose and SCC analysis. Blood was sampled for blood metabolites, parameters of antioxidant and immune function at days 0, 21, 42 and 63. Dairy cows fed 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 showed linear increases (P < 0.05) in milk yield, energy-corrected milk, milk protein and lactose yield and a decrease in somatic cell counts in milk (P < 0.01). Feeding dietary 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 linearly increased serum total Ca, P, 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 and 1,25dihydroxyvitamin D3 and had no negative effect on blood biochemical parameters and markers of fat mobilization. Additionally, dietary 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 linearly increased (P < 0.05) total antioxidant capacity, total superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, immunoglobulin A and immunoglobulin G and linearly decreased (P < 0.05) malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. In summary, dietary supplementation with 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 increased milk yield and decreased SCC, improved serum minerals, 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 levels, and antioxidant and immune function of dairy cows.
Effect of Natural and Artificial Sucking on Perfomance and Mortality of Newborn Assaf Lambs; The aim of this study was to examine the effect of different suckling methods on newborn Assaf lambs growth performance and mortality. A total of 97 lambs were used in the study, with lambing periods starting from October 2020 to January 2021. Ewes' parities were first, second, and third. After lambing, lambs were randomly distributed according to the suckling method into three groups: natural suckling (G1) (39 lambs), lambs fed completely with milk replacer (G2) (29 lambs), and lambs fed milk replacer at a rate of 4 times per day (G3) (29 lambs). In G1, lambs were 59% twins and 41% single lambs. Lambs from first, second, and third parity were 8, 21, and 28% respectively. Single lambs of G2 were 62%, while twin lambs were 38%. Lambs from first, second, and third parties were 14, 48, and 38%, respectively. However, 69% of G3 were singles. The natural suckling lambs (G1) were kept with their dams for free suckling until weaning at 60 days of age. However, the artificial suckling groups (G2) were isolated from dams and fed milk replacer ad libitum until weaning at 40 days of age. Lambs of the G3 were isolated from mothers and took their milk replacer through an automatic sucking machine four times a day, for half an hour each time, until weaning at 40 days. The results showed that weaning weights at 40 days were 13.7, 12.83 and 13 kg for lambs in G1, G2 and G3, respectively. The sucking method had no effect on mortality (P>0.05). The mortality rate decreased from 18% in G1 to 7 and 3.5% in G2 and G3 respectively. Most of the dead lambs were single lambs. Significant cost effects (P<0.05) were observed by feeding milk replacer in suckling lambs. The cost of milk per lamb was reduced from 120 to 40 USD. It was determined that feeding milk replacers to nursing lambs will result in significant cost reductions. However, these reductions were expected from the savings in milk expenses and the significant decrease in lambs' mortality rate. We recomend the use of milk replacer in Assaf lambs for better performnce and economic cost.
Dairy producers' colostrum practices, marketing, and attitudes toward male dairy calves; Optimal early-life care of surplus calves born on dairy farms is critical for health and welfare. This cross-sectional study aimed to describe the marketing practices of male dairy calves, differences in the colostrum management between male and female calves on dairy farms, and the relationship between discrepant colostrum practices and dairy producers' attitudes toward male calf care. United States dairy producers (n = 1,000) in the states of Florida, Michigan, Ohio, Vermont, and Wisconsin were selected using stratified random sampling. A questionnaire containing questions about farm demographics, colostrum management (including quantity and timeliness of colostrum delivery), and producers' attitudes toward male calf care was mailed in February 2021. Attitudes toward male calf care were assessed using 5-point Likert scales for 10 statements regarding perceptions of the value of male calves and barriers in providing optimal care. Producer responses to questions about the quantity and timeliness of colostrum delivery between male and female calves were compared using a nonparametric Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between differences in colostrum management and producers' attitudes. By May 2021, 953 surveys were delivered and 315 (33.1%) were returned with complete responses. Most producers (>90%) reported feeding equal volumes of colostrum and performing the first postbirth feeding within a similar time frame for male and female calves. However, compared with females, male calves had a longer delay to the first colostrum feeding. Approximately 40% of producers marketed their male calves through auctions, and over half (54.6%) of farms sold the male calves between 3 and 10 d of age. Large farms (>= 500 lactating cows) were found to market male calves at a younger age (<= 3 d of age). Most producers (>78%) believed their male calves were receiving optimal care and did not consider the workload and financial costs as obstacles to providing good care to male calves. However, those who viewed the workload as an obstacle to good care and produced organic products were marginally more likely to feed a lower volume of colostrum to male calves in the first feeding after birth. These findings suggest that interventions to improve colostrum practices should be more broadly targeted to all calves born on dairy farms, and that age at transport is markedly different between large and small farms.
Experimental field studies with Mya arenaria (Bivalvia) on the induction and effect of hematopoietic neoplasia; A field experiment was conducted from 1991 to 1992 to examine induction and impact of hematopoietic neoplasia on the marine bivalve Mya arenaria in southeastern Massachusetts. Clams were collected from Little Buttermilk Bay and separated into three size classes (20-29, 30-39, and 40-49 mm shell length) in the laboratory. These sizes span the range of adults found in the population. A random subsample of these clams was taken to estimate disease prevalence at the start of the experiment, and this was found to be less than or equal to 10% in all size classes. Remaining clams were assigned randomly to two groups: Control and Treated. ''Controls'' were injected with filtered seawater, while ''Treated'' clams were injected with hemocytes extracted from diseased individuals. Injection of diseased hemocytes was performed to increase disease prevalence in the Treated group. Clams were returned to New Bedford Harbor, a more contaminated field location, where hematopoietic neoplasia is more prevalent, in January 1991, and characteristics of both groups were monitored for 555 days. Among Controls, probability of survival was size-dependent, with higher survival rates in larger clams. Treated clams had a lower probability of survival than Controls, and the magnitude of treatment effect increased with size class. The impact on survival was evident after 89 days, but it was first shown to be statistically significant after 189 days. Among Controls, probability of disease was strongly season-dependent, increasing in the large size class from 0.19 in spring to 0.50 in summer. During summer, Treated clams had a higher probability of being diseased than Controls. Among survivors, no significant sublethal effects due to treatment were detected in the field experiment. Experimental manipulation of disease prevalence may be a useful tool in future studies. In addition to results pertaining to disease, this study obtained long-term growth information, by size class, on somatic and reproductive tissue and shell size. (C) 1997 Academic Press.
Effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: A randomized controlled crossover trial; Background and aims: High consumption of low-and non-fat dairy products is associated with reduced risk of high blood pressure (BP) and central arterial stiffness. However, interventional studies to determine if the addition of non-fat dairy products to the diet is capable of reducing central BP and improving vascular function are lacking. The aim of this study was to determine if the solitary addition of non-fat dairy products to the normal routine diet would reduce central BP and improve vascular function in middle-aged and older adults with elevated BP.
Imiquimod for vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia 2-3: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective. The treatment strategy for vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VaIN) 2-3 has not been established. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of imiquimod in VaIN 2-3.
Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream Compared With Injected Lidocaine for Vulvar Biopsy A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE: To compare pain control during vulvar biopsy after either application of 5% lidocaine-prilocaine cream or injection of 1% lidocaine. METHODS: In a single-site randomized trial, patients who needed vulvar biopsy on a non-hair-bearing surface were recruited from a gynecologic oncology clinic to compare lidocaine-prilocaine cream (placed at least 10 minutes before biopsy) with lidocaine injection (at least 1 minute prior). A sample size of 53 participants in each arm (N=106) was planned. Pain was recorded using a 100 mm visual analog scale at three time points: baseline, after application of anesthesia, and after biopsy. The primary outcome was highest pain score recorded. Secondary outcomes were pain score at biopsy, patient experience, and tolerability and acceptability. Linear regression was used to compare the primary outcome between arms while controlling for baseline vulvar pain. A convenience analysis was performed in March 2019. RESULTS: From October 2018 to March 2019, 38 patients completed informed consent and were randomized. Participants were women with median age of 60 years. Most characteristics between groups were similar. Nineteen were analyzed in the lidocaine-prilocaine group, and 18 were analyzed in the lidocaine injection group. The median highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine group was 20.0 mm vs 56.5 mm in the lidocaine injection group. Controlling for baseline pain, the highest pain score in the lidocaine-prilocaine arm was 25.7 mm lower than in the lidocaine injection arm (95% CI [-45.1 to -6.3]; P<.01). Patients randomized to lidocaine-prilocaine had a significantly better experience than those receiving injected lidocaine (median experience score 2.0 mm vs 17.0 mm; P=.02). CONCLUSION: Lidocaine-prilocaine cream before vulvar biopsy resulted in a lower maximum pain score and a significantly better patient rating of the biopsy experience when compared with lidocaine injection. Lidocaine-prilocaine cream, alone, is a reasonable option to use for vulvar biopsy.
Changes in Blood Pressure and Lipid Levels in Young Women Consuming a Vitamin D-Fortified Skimmed Milk: A Randomised Controlled Trial; Vitamin D exerts a variety of extra-skeletal functions. Aim: to know the effects of the consumption of a vitamin D-fortified skimmed milk on glucose, lipid profile, and blood pressure in young women. Methods: a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind parallel-group trial of 16 weeks duration was conducted in young women with low iron stores who consumed a skimmed milk fortified with iron and 200 IU/day (5 g) of vitamin D (D-fortified group, n = 55), or a placebo without vitamin D (D-placebo group, n = 54). A reference group (n = 56) of iron-sufficient women was also recruited. Results: baseline serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D was inversely correlated with total-cholesterol (r = -0.176, p = 0.023) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-chol) (r = -0.176, p = 0.024). During the assay, LDL-cholesterol increased in the D-placebo group (p = 0.005) while it tended to decrease in the D-fortified group (p = 0.07). Neither group displayed changes in total-cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-chol), triglycerides or glucose levels. Systolic (p = 0.017) and diastolic (p = 0.010) blood pressure decreased during the assay in the D-fortified group without significant differences compared to the D-placebo. Conclusion: consumption of a dairy product fortified with vitamin D reduces systolic and diastolic blood pressure but does not change lipid levels in young women.
Whole-Genome Resequencing of Holstein Bulls for Indel Discovery and Identification of Genes Associated with Milk Composition Traits in Dairy Cattle; The use of whole-genome resequencing to obtain more information on genetic variation could produce a range of benefits for the dairy cattle industry, especially with regard to increasing milk production and improving milk composition. In this study, we sequenced the genomes of eight Holstein bulls from four half-or full-sib families, with high and low estimated breeding values (EBVs) of milk protein percentage and fat percentage at an average effective depth of 10x, using Illumina sequencing. Over 0.9 million nonredundant short insertions and deletions (indels) [1-49 base pairs (bp)] were obtained. Among them, 3,625 indels that were polymorphic between the high and low groups of bulls were revealed and subjected to further analysis. The vast majority (76.67%) of these indels were novel. Followup validation assays confirmed that most (70%) of the randomly selected indels represented true variations. The indels that were polymorphic between the two groups were annotated based on the cattle genome sequence assembly (UMD3.1.69); as a result, nearly 1,137 of them were found to be located within 767 annotated genes, only 5 (0.138%) of which were located in exons. Then, by integrated analysis of the 767 genes with known quantitative trait loci (QTL); significant single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) previously identified by genome-wide association studies (GWASs) to be associated with bovine milk protein and fat traits; and the well-known pathways involved in protein, fat synthesis, and metabolism, we identified a total of 11 promising candidate genes potentially affecting milk composition traits. These were FCGR2B, CENPE, RETSAT, ACSBG2, NFKB2, TBC1D1, NLK, MAP3K1, SLC30A2, ANGPT1 and UGDH. Our findings provide a basis for further study and reveal key genes for milk composition traits in dairy cattle.
Milk Fat Globule Membrane Is Associated with Lower Blood Lipid Levels in Adults: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the leading cause of mortality worldwide, with dyslipidemia being a significant risk factor. This meta-analysis provides a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of bovine dairy-derived milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) supplementation on blood lipid profiles in adults. A systematic search was conducted across various databases up until March 2024, resulting in the inclusion of 6 trials with a total of 464 participants. The findings indicated that MFGM phospholipid supplementation may significantly reduce total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels. A combined analysis of the effects on TC, LDL, and triglycerides (TG) revealed a significant overall reduction in these markers. However, no significant increase or reduction was observed on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and TG levels. Overall, MFGM phospholipid intake may significantly decrease the level of TC and LDL, while no significant changes in TG and HDL were observed. These results suggest that MFGM supplementation could be a promising dietary intervention for improving lipid profiles in adults. Nonetheless, further research is warranted to confirm these results and to better understand the potential variability in the impact of MFGM on blood lipid levels.
Comparison of Mustard Oil and Ghee Consumption on the History of Coronary Heart Disease in Urban Population of India; Introduction: Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is one of the leading causes of mortality in India, due to high consumption of mustard oil and ghee among urban population.
Effectiveness and safety of 0•5% colchicine cream vs. photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratosis and skin field cancerization of the forearms: a randomized controlled trial; Background Skin field cancerization (SFC) is a process that occurs in areas of the skin that have undergone genomic alterations induced by ultraviolet radiation. Actinic keratosis (AK) is a sign of its activity. Objectives Methods To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of 0 center dot 5% colchicine (COL) cream vs. methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of AK and SFC. We conducted a randomized, open, intrasubject controlled trial. A total of 36 participants with 3-10 AKs on each forearm were treated with either COL cream (twice daily for 10 days) or a single session of MAL-PDT and were reassessed after 60 days. The clinical evaluation was performed using AK count, forearm photoageing scale (PAS) and AK degree (AKD). Patients underwent central forearm biopsies and histopathological evaluation by keratinocyte intraepithelial neoplasia (KIN) assessment, epithelial atrophy and immunohistochemistry (p53/Ki67). Results Conclusions Overall, 50% of patients were male. The mean age was 70 center dot 9 years (SD 8 center dot 6) and phototypes I and II were predominant (89%). Total clearance was observed in six (17%) forearms treated with COL and seven (19%) forearms treated with MAL-PDT (P = 0 center dot 76); partial clearance was observed in 44% of forearms in the COL group and 67% of forearms in the MAL-PDT group (P = 0 center dot 07). In both COL and MAL-PDT groups, reductions in PAS (-6% vs. -6%) and AKD (-45% vs. -40%) were observed. KIN normalized in 28% of patients treated with MAL-PDT and 20% of those treated with COL. Epithelial atrophy reduced after treatment (P < 0 center dot 01). Expression levels of Ki67 and p53 were also assessed. Mild or moderate adverse effects were similar for both groups. COL 0 center dot 5% cream and MAL-PDT are safe and effective for treating SFC.
The Impact of Prebiotic, Probiotic, and Synbiotic Supplements and Yogurt Consumption on the Risk of Colorectal Neoplasia among Adults: A Systematic Review; Prebiotic and probiotic supplementation and yogurt consumption (a probiotic food) alter gut microbial diversity, which may influence colorectal carcinogenesis. This systematic review evaluates the existing literature on the effect of these nutritional supplements and yogurt consumption on colorectal neoplasia incidence among adults. We systematically identified ten randomized controlled trials and observational studies in adults age >= 18 without baseline gastrointestinal disease. Prebiotics included inulin, fructooligosaccharides, galactooligosaccharides, xylooligosaccharides, isomaltooligosaccharides, and beta-glucans. Probiotics included bacterial strains of Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, Saccharomyces, Streptococcus, Enterococcus, Bacillus, Pediococcus, Leuconostoc, and Escherichia coli. Synbiotic supplements, a mixture of both prebiotic and probiotic supplements, and yogurt, a commonly consumed dietary source of live microbes, were also included. We defined colorectal neoplasia as colorectal adenomas, sessile serrated polyps, and colorectal cancer (CRC). Overall, findings suggest a moderate decrease in risk of adenoma and CRC for high levels of yogurt consumption compared to low or no consumption. Prebiotic supplementation was not associated with colorectal neoplasia risk. There was some evidence that probiotic supplementation may be associated with lower risk of adenomas but not with CRC incidence. Higher yogurt consumption may be associated with lower incidence of colorectal neoplasia. We found little evidence to suggest that prebiotic or probiotic supplements are associated with significant decreases in CRC occurrence.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients: a controlled clinical trial (Alantel Trials); BackgroundDermatitis is a skin condition caused by multiple causes, including radiotherapy treatment. Pharmacological treatments can become chronic and are not exempt from side effects. The latest recommendations of the American Academy of Dermatology establish the use of natural, nourishing, and moisturizing cosmetic products as prevention and the first therapeutic step for dermatitis. Alantel (R) is a cream developed to reduce redness and irritation, promote the local immune system, combat immunosenescence, and promote the healing of epidermal lesions. The objective was to evaluate the effect of a cream (Alantel) based on natural products at high concentrations for the preventive and curative treatment (at early stages) of radiation-induced dermatitis in patients with breast cancer.MethodsOur protocol is an experimental, prospective, triple-blind, multicenter, controlled clinical trial with two parallel arms. The experimental group will be treated with Alantel, while the control group will receive another moisturizing cream. Radiotherapy oncology professionals will recruit a total of 88 patients (44 per comparison group) with breast cancer who will receive radiotherapy oncology treatment for 15 days, and they will be randomly allocated to the experimental or control group. Selected patients will be followed up for four visits by primary care physicians for up to 1 week after completion of radiotherapy. The main study variable will be the incidence rate of mild post-radiation dermatitis. An intention-to-treat analysis will be performed, applying a comparison test for independent means and proportions. A bivariate and multivariate analysis will also be developed to check the treatment effect, adjusting for predictive sociodemographic and clinical variables.DiscussionBy carrying out this clinical trial, it is expected to verify that Alantel cream, based on natural products at high concentrations, has advantages over a moisturizing cream for the preventive and curative treatment of RD in patients with breast cancer. The COVID-19 pandemic has been influenced by delaying the start of the study. One of the main limitations of this study will be the time required to recruit the patients from the planned sample, given that the selection criteria are restrictive and, although the study is multicenter, recruitment will be coordinated through a single service on radiotherapy oncology.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov NCT04116151. Registered on 4 October 2019.
Imiquimod 5% cream monotherapy for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in situ (Bowen's disease): A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial to evaluate the preliminary efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in situ.
High-fat dairy product consumption increases Δ9<i>c</i>,11<i>t</i>-18:2 (rumenic acid) and total lipid concentrations of human milk; Conjugated octadecadienoic acids (18:2, conjugated linoleic acids) have been shown to be anticarcinogenic and may influence growth and nutrient partitioning. The Delta 9c,11t-18:2 isomer (rumenic acid, RA) is most common in both food sources and human tissues. To determine if maternal diet can influence milk RA concentration, breastfeeding women (n = 16) were enrolled in a 3-wk crossover study. Women initially consumed minimal amounts of food containing RA during week 1, then were assigned randomly to consume diets rich in high-fat dairy foods (and thus RA) during week 2 or 3. Milk was collected by complete breast expression twice during each experimental week. Current and chronic RA intakes were estimated by 3-d dietary records and food frequency questionnaires, respectively. Estimated chronic RA intakes ranged from 49 to 659 mg/d. Dietary RA intake was greater during the high compared to the low dairy period (291 +/- 75 vs. 15 +/- 24 mg/d, respectively; P < 0.0001). Milk contained more RA during the high than the low dairy period (13.5 +/- 0.1 vs. 8.2 +/- 0.4 mu mol/g lipid, respectively; P < 0.0001). Milk lipid concentration was influenced by diet, such that lipid concentration was greater during the high than the low dairy period (46.6 +/- 5.0 vs. 38.3 +/- 1.6 mg/g milk, respectively; P < 0.05). Additionally, multiple regression analyses suggested that body mass index was the primary predictor of milk RA and lipid concentrations. In summary, these data indicate that both lipid and RA concentrations of human milk can be influenced by diet.
Cheese Consumption and Risk of All-Cause Mortality: A Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The association between cheese consumption and risk for major health endpoints has been investigated in many epidemiologic studies, but findings are inconsistent. As all-cause mortality can be viewed as the final net health effect of dietary intakes, we conducted a meta-analysis to examine the long-term association of cheese consumption with all-cause mortality. Relevant studies were identified by a search of the PubMed database through May 2016. Reference lists from retrieved articles were also reviewed. Summary relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using a random-effects model. Pre-specified stratified and dose-response analyses were also performed. The final analysis included nine prospective cohort studies involving 21,365 deaths. The summary RR of all-cause mortality for the highest compared with the lowest cheese consumption was 1.02 (95% CI: 0.97, 1.06), and little evidence of heterogeneity was observed. The association between cheese consumption and risk of all-cause mortality did not significantly differ by study location, sex, age, number of events, study quality score or baseline diseases excluded. There was no dose-response relationship between cheese consumption and risk of all-cause mortality (RR per 43 g/day = 1.03, 95% CI: 0.99-1.07). No significant publication bias was observed. Our findings suggest that long-term cheese consumption was not associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality.
Jugular arginine infusion relieves lipopolysaccharide-triggered inflammatory stress and improves immunity status of lactating dairy cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of jugular L-Arg infusion on performance and immune function during lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced inflammation of lactating dairy cows. Eight Holstein cows (multiparous, 608.8 +/- 31.5 kg) at mid-lactation were randomly assigned to 5-d jugular infusions of control (saline), Arg (3 g/h), LPS (0.033 mu g/kg per h), and LPS + Arg (0.033 mu g/kg per h of LPS and 3 g/h of Arg) in a replicated 4 x 4 Latin square design with 4 infusion periods separated by 10-d noninfusion periods. Jugular solutions of saline, Arg, LPS, and LPS + Arg were continuously infused using peristaltic pumps for approximately 6 h/d during infusion periods. Milk yield was measured on each day of the infusion period. Milk samples were obtained on the last 2 d of each infusion period, and blood samples were obtained on the last day of each infusion period before infusion (0 h) and at 3 and 6 h. We found that the jugular LPS infusion significantly increased serum concentrations of IL-1 beta, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor, inducible nitric oxide synthase, and lipopolysaccharide binding protein, whereas Arg attenuated the increase in IL-6 and inducible nitric oxide synthase levels and tended to decrease the lipopolysaccharide binding protein level. Arginine alleviated the decrease in dry matter intake and milk fat yield and the increase of somatic cell count induced by LPS. Total casein in milk was decreased during the LPS-induced inflammation period, and jugular Arg infusion significantly increased the content of total casein. In contrast, lactalbumin in milk increased during the LPS-induced inflammation period, whereas jugular Arg infusion significantly decreased the content of lactalbumin. The concentrations of plasma Gly, Thr, Ile, Leu, Arg, Phe, and total free AA were significantly decreased by LPS treatment, but Arg attenuated this tendency. These results indicated that jugular Arg infusion (18 g/d) has protective effects on relieving inflammatory stress and improving immunity status triggered by LPS. In conclusion, Arg could attenuate inflammatory stress and improve milk performance of lactating dairy cows. This protective effect may be due to the ability of Arg to suppress LPS effects and improve immunity status.
Estimating the net return of a remote calving alarm system in a dairy farm; The aim of the study was to evaluate the net return of the implementation of a remote calving monitoring system for obstetrical and neonatal assistance on the herd economy in a dairy farm model. A total of 680 parturitions over a 7-yr period were evaluated. Age at first calving was restricted from 23 to 27 mo for primiparous cows to be included. Among groups of cows that were ready to calve in a 15-d interval, primiparous and multiparous were randomly assigned to the experimental group and monitored through a calving alarm system, whereas the others accounted for controls. Final parturition groups were as follows: control primiparous (CPP, n = 218), control multiparous (CM, n = 345), monitored primiparous (MPP, n = 56), and monitored multiparous (MM, n = 61). Monitored groups received prompt calving assistance and first neonatal care, whereas the presence of farm personnel was discontinuous for controls. A biological model was built considering significant differences in calf loss, early culling, milk production, and days open between groups. Then, a partial budget model was used to estimate costs and net return on a simulated herd of 100 lactating cows. Incidence of calf death was greater in control groups (11.06% and 10.73% in CPP and CM, respectively) compared with monitored cows (0.00% and 1.69% in MPP and MM, respectively). Multiparous cows with calf loss had increased relative risk (relative risk = 3.487) for early culling compared with multiparous counterparts with no neonatal lass. Daily milk production in the first. 2 mo was 3.79 kg greater in multiparous cows with no dead calf, compared with their counterparts. A significant difference in median days open was found in MPP and CPP (118 and 148 d, respectively). In the final economic model, different simulations were analyzed. They were created assuming different prices or hypothesizing calving monitoring only in primiparous animals. The model estimated different, but always positive, net return. In conclusion, implementing a calving alarm system led to a net return from (sic)37 to 90 per cow per year ((sic)1 = US$1.15 at the time of the study). However, the device alone is not sufficient: it must be supported by qualified calving monitoring and assistance. Optimized personnel presence in the calving area at the right time leads to prompt calving and neonatal calf assistance and colostrum feeding within the first hours of life, thus reducing calf death and days open, and increasing milk production.
Clinically manifested major health problems of crossbred dairy herds in urban and periurban production systems in the central highlands of Ethiopia; The major clinical diseases of crossbred dairy herds were investigated for two years in a milk shed in Addis Ababa. Animals in 38 herds were randomly selected and visited weekly. Diagnosis of diseases and causes of death were based on clinical observation. Disease conditions were categorized into 8 groups, the mean annual incidence for all diseases being 44.7%. Reproductive diseases and clinical mastitis were most frequently observed, whereas gastrointestinal disorders, respiratory tract diseases, locomotor disorders and metabolic diseases each occurred in less than 5% of the cattle. Specific infectious and miscellaneous disease conditions each had annual incidence of about 6%. Cows and young stock were most affected and diseases were more frequent in urban situations than in periurban situations. Herd size and season significantly influenced the incidence of disease but study year did not. The crude mortality rate was 4.2%.
Public attitudes toward different management scenarios for "surplus" dairy calves; As awareness grows, some traditional management practices used by the dairy industry will be questioned by members of the public. Therefore, to maintain its social license to operate, the industry needs to account for public perspectives when developing future directions. Our aims were to assess attitudes of members of the public toward the management of surplus calves not needed for milk production on dairy farms, and to assess how specific calf management practices might influence these attitudes. A mixed-methods questionnaire was developed and distributed online in the United States and in Canada. After reading an introductory paragraph stating that surplus calves are generally used for meat production, participants were randomly allocated into groups and read 1 of 4 scenarios that described different surplus calf management practices in more detail. The scenarios followed a 2 x 2 factorial design, and the factors that differed were the calf's age at slaughter (<= 2 wk vs. >= 12 mo), and whether the calf was separated from the cow at birth or sometime later. Data representative of key census demographics from 998 participants were analyzed. Quantitative data analysis included descriptive statistics, nonparametric tests, generalized partial credit models, and linear regression models. For qualitative data, we used reliability thematic analysis. Overall, participants were slightly positive in their attitudes toward the introductory paragraph, and participants in the groups in which the calf was slaughtered after 12 mo of age often specifically linked their acceptance of the practice to the fact that the calves' lives had a purpose (i.e., contributing meaningfully to the beef supply). In contrast, only 3% of the participants regarded a slaughter age of <1 mo as appropriate. Participants in the groups in which calves were slaughtered within 2 wk after birth had more negative attitudes, and these attitudes declined even further when the calf was separated from the cow soon after birth. Besides the 2 main factors (age at slaughter and cow-calf separation), information on pasture access, the healthiness of the meat from the calves, and the exact age of slaughter were also considered important by participants to make a more informed decision about their view on surplus calf management. Overall, our results indicate that failure by the dairy industry to provide assurances that excess dairy calves have a reasonable length of life and that this life has purpose (i.e., contributes to the beef supply chain) places the industry at odds with public values. Also, as awareness grows, the practice of early cow-calf separation will be increasingly questioned by the public; failure to begin discussions on this topic will increase the risk that future decisions about this topic will be made in the absence of the farmer.
Effect of protein level and methionine supplementation on dairy cows during the transition period; Cows experience a significant negative protein balance during the first 30 d of lactation. Given the functional effects of AA on health, especially in challenging periods such as calving, higher levels of protein and specific AA in the diet may act to improve health and feed intake. The response of dairy cows to 3 protein supplementation strategies during the transition period and through the first 45 d in milk was evaluated. The final data set had 39 Holstein cows blocked based on parity (primiparous vs. multiparous) and expected calving and randomly assigned within each block to one of 3 dietary treatments: low protein (LP), high protein (HP), or high protein plus rumen-protected methionine (HPM). Treatments were offered from d -18 +/- 5 to 45 d relative to parturition. Pre- and postpartum diets were formulated for high metabolizable protein (MP) supply from soybean meal, and HP and HPM provided higher MP balance than LP. Preplanned contrasts were LP versus HP+HPM and HP versus HPM. Significance was declared at P <= 0.05 and trends at 0.05 < P <= 0.10. Cows fed HP and HPM had greater fry matter intake (DMI) prepartum than LP (+2 kg/d), and there was a trend for greater DMI with HPM than with HP (+1.6 kg/d). Body weight and condition score before and after calving did not differ among treatments. High protein (HP and HPM) tended to increase milk yield during the first 45 d of lactation (+1.75 kg/d), increased milk lactose content and urea-N in milk and plasma, tended to increase blood BHB 14 d postpartum, and tended to reduce milk/DMI compared with LP. Blood concentrations of calcium at calving and of glucose, and nonesterified fatty acids pre- and postpartum did not differ. High protein induced lower concentration of plasma IL-1 at calving and lowered blood lymphocytes 21 d postpartum, suggestive of a reduced inflammatory status compared with LP. The concentrations of IL-10, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and other hemogram variables did not differ among treatments. Addition of rumen-protected methionine to the HP diet did not alter milk yield but increased fat and total solids concentrations. The rumen-protected methionine had no effect on blood metabolites and immunity markers, with the exception of increased pre-partum insulin concentrations. The data indicate that dairy cows around calving respond positively to an increase in the supply of MP and to rumen-protected methionine supplementation of the HP diet by increasing intake and improving immune status.
Effect of melatonin cream on acute radiation dermatitis in patients with primary breast cancer: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial; AimThis was a double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized study investigating whether melatonin can protect against radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiation therapy for primary breast cancer. MethodsPatients were included before radiation therapy and followed once weekly throughout treatment with a 3-week follow-up. Patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or placebo. Our outcomes were the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group's (RTOG) acute radiation morbidity scoring criteria for skin, a pixel analysis of erythema in clinical photographs, and patients' use of corticosteroid cream. Outcomes were evaluated once weekly throughout the trial. The primary outcomes were RTOG-score and pixel analysis at 2 weeks follow-up. Secondary outcomes were the use of corticosteroid cream and analyses of RTOG-scores and pixel analyses throughout the trial. ResultsSixty-five patients were included, 17 dropped out, totaling 26 and 22 patients randomized to melatonin and placebo, respectively. RTOG-scores and pixel analyses at 2 weeks follow-up showed no difference p = .441 and p = .890, respectively). There was no difference in the use of corticosteroid cream (p = .055). Using logistic regression, the melatonin group had a higher likelihood of having a low RTOG-score (p = .0016). The logistic regression showed no difference between the groups for the pixel analyses. ConclusionOur primary outcome showed no difference in RTOG-scores at 2 weeks follow-up, however, the RTOG-score over the entire duration of the study demonstrated a protective effect of melatonin. Further studies are warranted investigating higher doses of melatonin, and whether corticosteroids may influence the effect of melatonin cream against radiation dermatitis.
Risk factors associated with colostrum quality in Norwegian dairy cows; The objectives of the present study were to evaluate colostrum quality in Norwegian dairy cows based on IgG content, and to identify associations between possible risk factors and low colostral IgG. A longitudinal cross-sectional survey on calf health in Norway was performed between June 2004 and December 2006. The participating dairy herds were randomly selected among herds registered in the Norwegian Dairy Herd Recording System as having at least 15 cow years. The participating farmers were requested to sample 10 mL of colostrum from the first milking after calving from 12 cows that had calved during the defined project period of 365 d. Colostrum samples from 1,250 cows from 119 herds were collected. The material consisted of 451, 337, 213, and 249 samples collected from cows in their first, second, third, and fourth parity or more, respectively. Analysis was performed on IgG content by using single radial immunodiffusion. Mixed models with herd as a cluster were fit by using grams of IgG per liter of colostrum as the dependent variable for the statistical analyses. The IgG content in the colostrum sampled ranged from 4 to 235 g/L, with a median of 45.0 g of IgG/L, with the 10th, 25th, 75th, and 90th percentiles being 23.1, 31.4, 63.6, and 91.6 g of IgG/L, respectively. Altogether, 57.8% of the samples contained less than the desired 50 g of IgG/L of colostrum. Cows in their fourth parity or more were found to have significantly higher levels of IgG per liter of colostrum than cows in their first or second parity. Colostrum from cows in their second parity had the lowest level of IgG. Cows calving during the winter months (December, January, and February) produced colostrum with a significantly lower IgG content compared with cows calving in any other season of the year. Somatic cell count, measured after calving, was significantly higher in cows producing colostrum of inferior quality compared with those producing high-quality colostrum. Of the total variation in colostrum quality, 13.7% could be explained by cluster effects within herd. The variation in IgG content in colostrum produced by Norwegian dairy cows indicates a need for improved colostrum quality control and subsequent adjustment of the colostrum feeding regimen to ensure a protective immunological status for newborn calves.
Infant morbidity, mortality, and breast milk immunologic profiles among breast-feeding HIV-infected and HIV-uninfected women in Botswana; Background. Infants of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected women have high mortality, but the immunologic integrity and protection afforded by the breast milk of HIV-infected women is unknown.
Efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus 5% 5-fluorouracil cream in the treatment of cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial; Background: 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) is a first-line drug to treat cutaneous field cancerization (CFC). There are few clinical trials with topical colchicine (COL). Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of 0.5% COL cream versus 5% 5-FU cream in the treatment of CFC. Method: This was a randomized, open, self-controlled clinical trial. Forty-five patients (90 forearms), with three to ten actinic keratoses (AK) on each forearm, used 0.5% COL cream 2x/day for seven days on one forearm, and 5% 5-FU cream 2x /day, for 21 days, on the other forearm. The dosages were defined based on previous clinical trials for each drug. Adverse effects were evaluated after 14 days and outcomes after 90 days of inclusion. The primary outcome was complete AK clearance and the secondary outcomes were: partial clearance (>= 50%), reduction in AK count, assessment of the Forearm Photoaging Scale (FPS), AK Severity Score (AKSS), and adverse effects. Results: After 90 days, there was complete clearance of AK in 37% (95% CI 24%-49%) and partial clearance in 85% (95% CI 76%-93%) of the forearms treated with 5-FU,versus versus 17% (95% CI 7%-27%) and 78% (95% CI 66%-88%) for COL (p > 0.07). There was a percentage reduction of 75% in the AK count of the forearms treated with 5-FU (95% CI 66%-83%) and 64% in those treated with COL (95% CI 55%-72%). Regarding FPS and AKSS, there was improvement in both groups, with no difference regarding FPS (p = 0.654), and 5-FU superiority for AKSS (p = 0.012). Study limitations: Single-center study. Conclusions: 5-FU and COL are effective for treating CFC, with neither showing superiority regarding the reduction in AK counts. (c) 2024 Sociedade Brasileira de Dermatologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S.L.U. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
EVALUATION OF AN ANTIBODY TO HUMAN-MILK FAT GLOBULE ANTIGEN IN THE DETECTION OF METASTATIC CARCINOMA IN PLEURAL, PERICARDIAL AND PERITONEAL FLUIDS; An antibody to human milk fat globule-2 (HMFG-2) antigen was investigated to assess its value in detecting tumors in pleural, pericardial and peritoneal fluids. One hundred forty consecutive fluids were evaluated using the avidin-biotin complex (ABC) technique. Conventional cytology and HMFG-2 stained smears were compared using the former as the standard for tumor detection. Discrepant results were found in 15 specimens (8 false negatives and 7 false positives). Causes for discrepancy between the methods included lack of HMFG-2 antigen on tumor cells, random sampling error and endometrial cells ectopically located in the pelvic cavity or introduced during uterine instrumentation. We conclude staining for HMFG-2 may be a useful adjuvant technique for the detection of rare tumor cells in body fluids provided there is a high index of suspicion of metastasis from an HMFG-2-positive primary neoplasm.
Efficacy of breast milk gastric lavage in preterm neonates; Objective: To evaluate effects of gastric lavage with mother's milk starting 4 hours after birth, in hospitalized preterm newborns otherwise on exclusive parenteral fluids. Method. Study design: Randomized controlled trial. Sick preterm. babies were assigned to receive in addition to parenteral fluids, either gastric lavage with mother's milk within 4 hours of birth and subsequently every 3 hours till tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds (intervention or BML group, n = 40), or remain nil per orally till tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds (control or NPO group, n = 40). The main outcome was the mean number of days of parenteral fluids till successful tolerance of nutritive enteral feeds. They were also evaluated for mean duration of hospital stay, development of new complications, and mortality. Result: Despite sicker babies in the BML group at baseline, the mean duration of exclusive parenteral fluid was significantly less (P = 0.003) in BML (3.9 +/- 1.5 days as compared to 5.4 +/- 2.6 days in NPO). In the NPO group 60% of the babies stayed longer than 3 weeks in hospital compared to only 30% in the BML group. The risk of development of new complication after randomization was also significantly less in BML group [RR 0.61 (95% CI 0.40-0.95) (P = 0.03)]. Incidence of sepsis was 44% less in BML group [30% in BML, 55% in NPO group; RR 0.58; 95% CI 0.35 -0.97; P = 0.02]. On multivariate logistic regression, BML group, birth weight and absence of complication. at the time of hospitalization were strong predictors of improved outcomes There was no difference in mortality between 2 groups. Conclusion: This study showed that early exposure to even small amounts of mother's milk in sick preterm neonates significantly reduced the days on parenteral fluids, risk of sepsis and the duration of hospital stay without any adverse effect.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study; Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI > 27 kg/m(2)) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF-alpha were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P=0.070), and soluble TNF-alpha receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P=0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P=0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF-alpha index, defined as the TNF-alpha:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P=0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
Milk consumption and circulating insulin-like growth factor-I level: a systematic literature review; Studies suggest that the circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) level is positively associated with the prostate cancer risk. The association of milk consumption and circulating IGF-I level has been examined in epidemiological studies with inconsistent results. We conducted a systematic literature review to summarize and quantify the current evidence for milk or dairy product consumption and the circulating IGF-I level. We searched relevant papers published in English up to March 2009 in various databases. Fifteen cross-sectional studies and eight randomized controlled trials were finally identified. Ten cross-sectional studies showed statistically positive correlation between milk consumption and the circulating IGF-I level. Randomized controlled trials indicated that the circulating IGF-I level was significantly higher in the milk intervention group. After meta-analysis, the weighted mean difference of the circulating IGF-I level was 13.8 ng/ml (95% confidence interval: 6.1-21.5 ng/ml) comparing the intervention group with the control group. The current evidence suggests that milk consumption may increase the circulating IGF-I level.
<i>Short communication</i>: Relationship between body condition score and plasma adipokines in early-lactating Holstein dairy cows; We hypothesized that plasma adipokine concentrations of early-lactation dairy cows are related to body condition score (BCS) at calving and to markers of metabolic status of the cow. As part of a larger study with 117 multiparous Holstein dairy cows, which had high BCS (BCS >4.0) or normal BCS (3.25-3.5) at calving, 22 cows were randomly selected (n = 11 per group) to be enrolled in this study. Cows were divided into 2 groups based on their BCS at calving: (1) normal BCS with BCS of 3.35 +/- 0.13 (mean +/- SD) and (2) high BCS cows with BCS of 4.14 +/- 0.17. The 22 selected animals did not have a clinically diagnosed health problem after calving. Blood samples were taken right after calving (d 1) and before morning feeding on d 8, 15, and 21 postpartum concurrently with body condition scoring for all cows. Blood samples were analyzed for plasma adiponectin, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and IL-6. The mean BCS remained highest in high-BCS cows during the first 21 d in milk. Leptin concentrations decreased progressively for all cows after calving. However, differences in BCS at calving were not related to leptin concentrations. Adiponectin, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were neither influenced by days in milk nor BCS after calving. Leptin and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio did not show any correlation at any time point during the first 21 d in milk with plasma concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids or beta-hydroxybutyrate, which are considered as markers of metabolic status. Only for IL-6 at d 8 did we find a strong correlation with metabolic status indicators. In conclusion, plasma adipokine concentrations during the first 3 wk postpartum were not related to BCS in lactating Holstein cows that were clinically healthy at calving.
PRESENCE OF AFLATOXIN MI IN KAYMAK PRODUCED IN AFYONKARAHISAR PROVINCE; Aflatoxins are highly cancerogenic compounds produced by Aspergillus genus. The form of aflatoxin in milk is the aflatoxin M1 (AFM1) form. When dairy animals consume feed containing aflatoxin, it can be transformed to the AFM1 in the organism and excreted with milk. AFM1 is comparatively stable during milk pasteurization, storage, and production of various milk products. Contamination of milk and milk products (Kaymak, butter, cheese, and yogurt etc.) with AFM1 is a certain hygienic risks for public health. In this study, 90 Afyon Kaymak samples were obtained randomly during the August and December 2014 in Afyonkarahisar province. Samples were tested for AFM1 contamination by Enzyme Linked Immuno Sorbent Assay (ELISA) method. Twenty three (25.55 %) samples were found to be contaminated with AFM1, only 4 (4.44 %) samples (26.08, 26.41, 33.59, and 34,01 ng/l) could pose a risk to public health. In contrast, AFM1 levels in all samples were not found high levels in terms of the maximum residue limit (50 ng/l) according to Turkish Food Codex and Codex Alimentarius. In conclusion, it is necessary to carry out periodic analysis of AFM1 residues of milk and its products in terms of public health.
Meat, fish, dairy products and risk of hematological malignancies in adults - a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; This systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies examine the association of meat, fish, and dairy product consumption with the risk of hematological neoplasms in adults. Thirteen studies encompassing 1,480,986 participants and 10,442 incident cases were included. Red or processed meat consumption was not associated with the risk of leukemia, acute myeloid leukemia, non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) and small lymphocytic lymphoma/chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL/SLL). Poultry consumption did not seem to affect the risk of leukemia, NHL, CLL/SLL, and multiple myeloma (MM). Fish consumption was not associated with leukemia, NHL, CLL/SLL, and MM risk. Interestingly though, fish consumption was positively associated with myeloid leukemia risk (pooled RR=1.74, 95% CI: 1.22-2.47, random effects, highest vs. lowest category). Milk and dairy product consumption was not associated with NHL and leukemia risk. In conclusion, methodologically strict prospective studies are mandatory, in order to extract reliable conclusions concerning the role of these dietary factors in hematological malignancies.
Essential oils for dairy calves: effects on performance, scours, rumen fermentation and intestinal fauna; The first cause of death of dairy calves is often diarrhea which is mainly caused by pathogenic bacteria, which can result in excessive use of antibiotics. However, facing the increase concern by the industry and consumers, the use of antibiotics not only to control pathogens, but also to manipulate growth, has become a challenge. Alternative additives, such essential oils, have the potential to decrease antibiotic use, without reducing performance or increasing mortality of dairy calves. The objective of this study was to evaluate the use of a commercial blend of essential oils, incorporated into the calf starter and/or milk replacer to monitor the effect on overall calf performance, fecal scores and rumen fermentation parameters. A total of 30 Holstein calves received 6 l/day of a liquid diet, consisting of a commercial milk replacer containing 20% CP : 15% fat (EE). Calves had free choice access to water and calf starter. Weaning occurred at week 8, and calves were followed until the 10(th) week of age. Calves were assigned to one of the three treatment groups in a randomized block design. Treatments: (1) control without essential oils supplementation (C); (2) essential oils blend in the milk replacer at 400 mg/kg (MR) and (3) essential oils blend in the milk replacer (200 mg/kg) and starter feed (200 mg/kg) (MRS). From the 2(nd) week, calves were weighed and body measurements were taken, while concentrate intake and fecal scores were monitored daily. Blood samples were drawn weekly for determination of glucose and -hydroxybutyrate. Fecal samples were collected weekly and analyzed for lactic acid bacteria and Enterobacteria; and ruminal fluid for determination of pH, short chain fatty acids, ammonia-N and counts of amylolytic and cellulolytic bacteria, and protozoa. Performance, fecal scores and intestines microorganisms were not affected by the essential oils supplementation. Ruminal and blood parameters were also not affected, with the exception the rumen ammonia-N concentration, with higher values when essential oils were supplemented in a combination of milk replacer and starter feed. Most of the evaluated parameters were affected by age of calves, mainly as a response to the increase in concentrate intake as animals' aged. Essential oils are promising substitutes for antibiotics. However, the dose and routes of administration deserve further studies, allowing a better animal performance and health to be achieved.
Meat and milk intake in the rice-based Korean diet: impact on cancer and metabolic syndrome; Over a few decades, Korean diet has changed from traditional diet, mainly composed of rice and vegetables, to Westernised diet rich, in meat and milk, along with the economic development and globalisation. Increasing prevalence of diet-related chronic diseases such as cancer and metabolic syndrome (MetS) is becoming a heavy burden to society and requires further attention. In this review, the association of meat and milk consumption with cancer and MetS among Koreans was discussed. Previous meta-analyses showed that meat intake was positively associated with increased risk of cancers, especially colon, as well as obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, and that the intake of milk and dairy products was negatively associated with colorectal cancer, obesity, and type 2 diabetes mellitus, based on studies conducted mostly in Western countries. In Korea and other Asian countries, the association of meat and milk intake with cancers were inconclusive and varied by types of cancers. Conversely, milk intake was negatively associated with MetS risk as reported in Western countries. The difference in results between Korea and Western countries might come from the differences in dietary patterns and study designs. Most Koreans still maintain traditional dietary pattern, although rapid change towards Westernised diet is underway among the younger age group. Randomised clinical trials or prospective cohort studies with consideration of combined effects of various dietary factors in Korea and other Asian countries are needed to elucidate the impact of meat and milk or related dietary patterns in their diet.
Reduction in morbidity and mortality of dairy calves from an injectable trace mineral supplement; The effect of a multimineral preparation on the health and growth of spring born, dairy calves was investigated on four New Zealand pastoral farms. Calves were randomly allocated injections within 24 hours of birth, 35 days and 70 days after birth. Injections contained 40 mg zinc, 10 mg manganese, 5 mg selenium, 15 mg copper and 5 mg chromium per ml (Multimin+Se+ Cu+Cr Cattle, Virbac South Africa) at 1 m1/50 kg body weight. Morbidity, mortality from natural challenge and growth rates were recorded for 140 days. There were no differences in morbidity and mortality within 48 hours of birth for treated calves compared with controls, P=0.192. Morbidity and mortality were highest at 3-35 days (7.5 per cent [95 per cent CI 5.00 to 9.99] treated calves sick and 15.6 per cent [95 per cent CI 12.48 to 18.73] controls sick, P<0.001). For this period, mortality was lower at 4.4 per cent (95 per cent CI 2.49 to 6.41) treated calves and 10.4 per cent (95 per cent CI 7.78 to 13.03) controls, P<0.001. Allowing for potential confounders, the adjusted OR of treated calves scouring between 3 and 35 days was 0.44 (95 per cent CI 0.24 to 0.82, P=0.009). Allowing for potential confounders, from 0 to 140 days a second model predicted treatment approximately halved the probability of morbidity and mortality (P<0.001). There was no difference in the daily rate of gain (0.67 kg/day [95 per cent CI 0.66 to 0.67] for treated calves).
Effects of Saccharomyces Cerevisiae Cultures on Performance and Immune Performance of Dairy Cows During Heat Stress; The dairy farming industry is facing massive economic losses as heat stress continues to rise. The purpose of this study was to see how feeding Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture (SC) influences productive performance, lactation performance, serum biochemical indexes, hormonal level, antioxidant capacity, and immune function in mid-lactating cows during heat stress. Forty-five healthy mid-lactation dairy cows with comparable milk yield, lactation days, and parity were randomly divided into 3 groups (15 cows in each group). The control group (CON) was fed the basal diet, while the treatment groups were fed the basal diet + first Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture 100 g/d (SC-1) and the basal diet + second Saccharomyces cerevisiae culture 30 g/d (SC-2), respectively. The SC-1 and SC-2 groups with SC added in the treatment groups reduced rectal temperature and respiratory rate in heat-stressed cows (P < 0.05). The milk yield of SC-1 and SC-2 treatment groups was significantly higher than that of CON (P < 0.05). Except for somatic cell count, which was significantly lower in SC-1 and SC-2 than in CON (P < 0.05), there were no significant differences in the milk components. The addition of SC: (i) increased serum urea levels (P < 0.05), but there was no significant difference in glucose, total cholesterol, alanine transaminase, aspartate aminotransferase, total protein, albumin and alkaline phosphatase levels (P > 0.05); (ii) increased serum levels of immunoglobulin-A, immunoglobulin-G, immunoglobulin M, interleukin-4, interleukin-10 and heat shock protein-70 (P < 0.05), while decreasing serum levels of interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, interleukin-2, interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.05); (iii) increased total antioxidant capacity, glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase in serum (P < 0.05), while decreasing malondialdehyde; (iv) increased serum levels of glucocorticoids, insulin, cortisol and prolactin (P < 0.05), while decreasing the serum levels of triiodothyronine and thyroxine (P < 0.05). In conclusion, under the current experimental conditions, the addition of SC can reduce rectal temperature and respiratory rate in heat-stressed mid-lactation cows, reduce the number of somatic cells in milk and improve the mid-lactation cow performance. In addition, SC addition to the diet can raise serum urea levels, regulate serum hormone levels, boost antioxidant capacity in mid-lactation cows, and boost overall immunity.
Is umbilical cord milking always an advantage?; Objective: The role of cord milking as an alternative to delayed cord clamping is an area that requires more research. Purpose of this clinical trial was to investigate the impact of umbilical cord milking on the absolute neutrophil counts (ANCs) and the neutropenia frequency of preterm infants.Methods: Fifty-eight pregnant women were randomly assigned to one of the umbilical cord milking and control groups. A total of 54 preterm infants (gestational age 32 weeks) were enrolled into the study. The umbilical cords of 25 infants were clamped immediately after birth, and in 29 infants, umbilical cord milking was performed first.Results: The ANCs were statistically significantly lower in the cord milking group compared with the control group on days 1, 3 and 7. The frequency of neutropenia was higher in the cord milking group compared with the control group.Conclusion: In our study, ANCs were lower in the cord milking group and the frequency of neutropenia was higher. Umbilical cord milking plays a role on the ANCs of preterm infants.
Loser cows in Danish dairy herds: Definition, prevalence and consequences; During the last few years, many Danish dairy farmers have expressed increasing concerns regarding a group of cows, which we have chosen to term 'loser cows'. Until now, a loser cow has not been described scientifically. We defined a loser cow on the basis of a clinical examination of the cow. A total of 15,151 clinical examinations were made on 6,451 individual cows from 39 randomly selected, large Danish dairy herds with loose-housing systems using a clinical protocol. Scores for the clinical signs lameness, body condition, hock lesions, other cutaneous lesions, vaginal discharge, condition of hair coat and general condition were converted into a loser cow score. Cows with a loser cow score of 8 or more were classified as loser cows. The overall prevalence of loser cows was 2.15%, 4.50% and 2.98% (luring the first, second and third round of herd visits, respectively.
Successful transfer of passive immunity: the natural alternative to antibiotics for boosting the survival of intensively reared dairy goat kids; In dairy operations, antibiotics have traditionally been used to treat, prevent, and control diseases. However, given the mounting global crisis of antimicrobial resistance (AMR), farmers are urged to re-assess and reduce their reliance on antibiotics. Thus, this randomized, double-blinded cohort study aimed to estimate the prevalence of failed and successful transfer of passive immunity (FTPI and STPI) in dairy goat kids reared under commercial conditions, and the effects of antibiotic metaphylaxis on the pre-weaning (<= 42 d old) mortality in FTPI and STPI kids. Plasma concentration of immunoglobulin G at 1d old (pIgG-24 h) was measured in 747 male Saanen kids for the determination of FTPI and STPI (pIgG-24 h < 12 and >= 12 g/L, respectively). Kids were then randomly divided into two groups: those receiving a single penicillin injection at 1 d old (PEN), and those receiving no treatment (CTR). The mean (+/- SD) pIgG-24 h and initial BW (IBW) were 17 +/- 9.8 g/L and 4.1 +/- 0.64 kg. The prevalence of FTPI was 29% (220/747 kids). Gastrointestinal complications were the primary cause of death (41%), followed by septicemia (22%) and arthritis (17%). A single penicillin injection reduced preweaning mortality by 55% (10 vs 22%, PEN vs CTR). However, results suggest that such a decline was mainly driven by the improved survival rates among FTPI kids, which increased by 19% (from 62% in CTR-FTPI to 82% in PEN-FTPI), as opposed to an 8% increase among STPI kids (from 85% in CTR-STPI to 93% in PEN-STPI). Additionally, the odds of mortality <= 42 d old were threefold higher in the CTR-FTPI group when compared to both the CTR-STPI and PEN-FTPI groups, suggesting a potential parity between STPI and PEN for mortality rate reduction. Taken together, the results indicate that although metaphylactic antibiotics can halve preweaning mortality, similar improvements are likely to be achieved via increased STPI rates. Furthermore, by targeting metaphylactic interventions to high-risk groups (i.e., those displaying signs of inadequate colostrum intake and/or low birth BW), farmers could reduce treatment costs and mitigate AMR risks. While these findings carry considerable weight for commercial dairy goat practices, their applicability to other systems (i.e., extensive, semi-intensive, mohair, meat systems) warrants further investigation.(c) 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access
The effects of feeding high or low milk levels in early life on growth performance, fecal microbial count and metabolic and inflammatory status of Holstein female calves; Gut microbial colonization and immune response may be affected by milk feeding method. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of feeding high or low volumes of milk on fecal bacterial count, inflammatory response, blood metabolites and growth performance of Holstein female calves. Colostrum-fed calves (n = 48) were randomly assigned to either high milk (HM; n = 24) or low milk (LM; n = 24) feeding groups. Low milk-fed calves were fed pasteurized whole milk at 10% of BW until weaning. In HM group, milk was offered to calves at 20% of BW for the first 3 weeks of life. Then, milk allowance was decreased gradually to reach 10% of BW on day 26 and remained constant until weaning on day 51. Calves were allowed free access to water and starter throughout the experiment. Body weight was measured weekly, and blood samples were taken on days 14, 28 and 57. Fecal samples were collected on days 7, 14 and 21 of age for the measurement of selected microbial species. By design, HM calves consumed more nutrients from milk during the first 3 weeks and they were heavier than LM calves on days 21, 56 and 98. High milk-fed calves had greater serum glucose and triglyceride levels on day 14 with no significant difference between groups on days 28 and 57. Blood urea nitrogen was higher in LM calves on day 14, but it was lower in HM calves on day 28. Calves in LM group had significantly greater blood tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) than HM calves throughout the experiment. Serum amyloid A (SAA) concentration was higher in LM calves on day 14. However, HM calves showed higher levels of SAA at the time of weaning. Feeding high volumes of milk resulted in lower serum cortisol levels on days 14 and 28 but not at the time of weaning in HM calves compared to LM counterparts. Lactobacillus count was higher in feces sample of HM calves. Conversely, the numbers of Escherichia coli was greater in the feces of LM calves. Calves in HM group showed fewer days with fever and tended to have fewer days treated compared to LM group. In conclusion, feeding higher amounts of milk during the first 3 weeks of life improved gut microbiota, inflammation and health status and growth performance of Holstein dairy calves.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome; Objective: Our purpose was to examine the effects of daily servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine and plant sterol margarine, within recommended amounts, on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins (Apos), biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, and on the transfer of lipids to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Lifetime productivity of dairy cows in smallholder farming systems of the Central highlands of Kenya; Evaluation of lifetime productivity is sensible to target interventions for improving productivity of smallholder dairy systems in the highlands of East Africa, because cows are normally not disposed of based on productive reasons. Feeding strategies and involuntary culling may have long-term effects on productive (and therefore economic) performance of dairy systems. Because of the temporal scale needed to evaluate lifetime productivity, experimentation with feedstuffs in single lactations is not enough to assess improvements in productivity. A dynamic modelling approach was used to explore the effect of feeding strategies on the lifetime productivity of dairy cattle. We used LIVSIM (LIVestock SIMulator), an individual-based, dynamic model in which performance depends on genetic potential of the breed and feeding. We tested the model for the highlands of Central Kenya, and simulated individual animals throughout their lifetime using scenarios with different diets based on common feedstuffs used in these systems (Napier grass, maize stover and dairy concentrates), with and without imposing random mortality on different age classes. The simulations showed that it is possible to maximise lifetime productivity by supplementing concentrates to meet the nutrient requirements of cattle during lactation, and during early development to reduce age at first calving and extend productive life. Avoiding undernutrition during the dry period by supplementing the diet with 0.5 kg of concentrates per day helped to increase productivity and productive life, but in practice farmers may not perceive the immediate economic benefits because the results of this practice are manifested through a cumulative, long-term effect. Survival analyses indicated that unsupplemented diets prolong calving intervals and therefore, reduce lifetime productivity. The simulations with imposed random mortality showed a reduction of 43% to 65% in all productivity indicators. Milk production may be increased on average by 1400 kg per lactation by supplementing the diet with 5 kg of concentrates during early lactation and 1 kg during late lactation, although the optimal supplementation may change according to milk and concentrate prices. Reducing involuntary culling must be included as a key goal when designing interventions to improve productivity and sustainability of smallholder dairy systems, because increasing lifetime productivity may have a larger impact on smallholders' income than interventions targeted to only improving daily milk yields through feeding strategies.
Role and mechanism of radiological protection cream in treating radiation dermatitis in rats; OBJECTIVE: To explore the role and mechanism of a radiation protection cream (Rp) in the treatment of radiation dermatitis, and to accumulate necessary technical information for a new drug report on Rp.
Aetiological, clinical and epidemiological characterization of clinical mastitis in dairy sheep; This work synthetises data concerning the aetiology of different forms of dairy ewe clinical mastitis. Results were collected in all French dairy sheep areas from 1991 to 2005 and originated from epidemiological survey, field veterinary Laboratories diagnosis and Veterinary School epidemiological and bacteriological investigations. A total of 1,615 specimen from 335 flocks were submitted to conventional bacteriological examination. The average incidence of acute mastitis was 3.1% of ewes per Lactation in flocks exhibiting sporadic cases (stratified-random sample). Overall negative results were obtained in 7.7 to 19.5% of specimens. The most common isolates for acute clinical mastitis were, according to the data source and the Lactation stage: S. aureus (49-62%), coagulase-negative Staphylococci (13.7-18%), Streptococcoceae (6.3-7.6%), A haemolytica (2.8-7.5%), Enterobacteria (2.8-7.3%) and other pathogens (3.4-9.1%). In case of clinical chronic mastitis, coagulase-negative Staphylococci were the most prevalent organisms (38%). The overall frequency of non-environmental bacteria was 75 to 85% of cases. During the suckling period of lactation, M. hoemolytica mastitis appeared to be more frequent in certain flocks and certain area. Detailed bacteriological investigations were performed for 27 specific outbreaks due to S. suis (or S. ovis), S. uberis, A haemolytica, A. fumigatus and P. aeruginoso. The two Latter ones may be responsible for epizootic mastitis with mortality, mainly in the peri-partum period, in flocks performing drying-off intrammamary antibiotherapy in contaminated environment without the necessary hygienic and atraumatic precautions.
Surgical interventions for high-grade vulval intraepithelial neoplasia; Background
A STUDY OF MORTALITY AMONG SUCKLER AND DAIRY-COWS IN NORTHERN-IRELAND IN 1992; As part of an initiative aimed at reducing the number of cattle deaths in Northern Ireland, a survey of bovine mortality on a stratified random sample of farms and veterinary practices was carried out during 1992. In the farm survey, over 3500 deaths were reported from 1069 farms, with a further 237 farms reporting no deaths during the year, The estimated numbers of deaths of suckler cows and dairy cows were 5997 and 4246, respectively, giving an estimated annual mortality rate of 2.36 per cent for suckler cows and 1.55 per cent for dairy cows, One third of the suckler cows and 19 per cent of the dairy cows were found dead with no previous signs of illness, In the cows in which clinical signs were observed and which received veterinary attention, hypomagnesaemia (20.3 per cent) was the main cause of death in suckler cows and coliform mastitis (12.3 per cent) was the single most important cause of death in dairy cows, Conditions associated with calving accounted for approximately 30 per cent of the deaths in both types of cow.
Dairy Product Consumption and Bladder Cancer Risk: A Meta-Analysis; To explore the potential relationship between dairy product consumption and bladder cancer risk, we retrieved eligible studies published up to March 15, 2018, via online database search and manual review of the selected articles. Summary relative risk (RR) estimates were calculated using random-effects models based on high to low intake values. Inter-study heterogeneity was explored using stratified analyses of study design, geographic region, or whether studies adjusted for the confounders age, sex, body mass index, smoking, and education level. We extracted data from 16 studies on milk (5,193 subjects) and 10 studies on dairy products (20,434 subjects). The total study population included 220,952 individuals. Dairy product intake and bladder cancer risk were significantly associated, and milk intake and bladder cancer risk more so. Stratified analysis revealed that the trend was more pronounced in case-control studies, and in studies with impact factor <3 and in Asia. The relationship was confirmed after adjusting for sex and Newcastle-Ottawa Scale score of 7 and 8. Our study shows an inverse association between milk consumption and bladder cancer risk.
The effects of changing dairy intake on trans and saturated fatty acid levels- results from a randomized controlled study; Background: Dairy food is an important natural source of saturated and trans fatty acids in the human diet. This study evaluates the effect of dietary advice to change dairy food intake on plasma fatty acid levels known to be present in milk in healthy volunteers.
Metabolic changes in dairy cows induced by oral, low-dose interferon-alpha treatment; Many apparently healthy cows show marked inflammatory conditions around calving, associated with endocrine and metabolic changes. To prevent the above conditions, a low-dose, oral interferon-a (IFN-alpha) treatment was carried out on periparturient, multiparous dairy cows. In the first trial, 10 cows received 10 IU of IFN-alpha/kg of BW daily during the last 2 wk of pregnancy. In a second trial, 4 cows received 0.5 IU of IFN-alpha/kg of BW daily until d 5 of lactation. In both trials, a homogenous group of untreated dairy cows was used as control. All cows were monitored, during the month before and after calving, for health status, BCS, milk yield, and inflammatory, metabolic, immune, and hematological variables. Compared with control cows, IFN-alpha-treated animals showed in both trials a larger decrease of BCS along with decreased milk yield (P < 0.05), increased haptoglobin (P < 0.05) and ceruloplasmin, and a slower increase of negative acute phase proteins (albumin, cholesterol, paraoxonase, vitamin A) after calving. Interferon-alpha-treated animals also showed a larger decrease of plasma glucose and greater values of NEFA, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and reactive oxygen metabolites. There also was evidence of IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha responses in both groups before calving with a quick decrease thereafter. The IL-6 response appeared in some animals regardless of the IFN-alpha treatment. Results indicate that low-dose IFN-alpha can sustain an inflammatory response in dairy cows and cause notable metabolic changes. This outcome might be explained by the repeated and extended interaction of IFN-alpha at low doses with the oral lymphoid tissues during rumination, as suggested by the observed stability of the cytokine in the rumen milieu; the final inflammatory effect could thus be as large as that of high doses. In addition, the antiflogistic signal of IFN-alpha might be counteracted and inverted by lymphocytes detected in the rumen liquor.
Heifer rearing conditions affect length of productive life in Swedish dairy cows; Associations between rearing conditions and the risk of culling in dairy cows were studied by survival analysis. Data were collected from 1039 Swedish Red cows, 1029 Swedish Holsteins, and 56 cows of other milk or cross-breeds, representing all female animals born in 109 Swedish herds during 1998. Length of productive life was defined as the number of days from 1 st calving to culling. The applied Weibull proportional hazards model included time-independent effects of breed, housing from 3 to 7 months of age, number of housing changes before calving, grazing before 1 st calving, herd median age at 1 st calving, age at 1 st calving, cow housing, herd lactational incidence risk of veterinary-reported clinical mastitis, and the random effect of herd. Time-dependent effects were year, month, the interaction year by month, parity, number of breedings, pregnancy status, the interaction parity by pregnancy status, herd mean milk-production level, relative milk yield within breed-parity, and veterinary-reported clinical mastitis. The lactation was divided into six stages in which pregnancy status was assumed to be known by the farmer and culling could occur. Median productive life time in culled cows was 780 d and 14% of the records were censored due to terminated data collection. An individual calving age of 28.2-30.9 months was associated with the highest culling risk, 1.2-fold higher than calving at <= 25.3 months, whereas the risk decreased almost linearly with a higher herd median age at 1 st calving. Housing in slatted pens with >7 calves from 3 to 7 months was associated with a 1.7-fold increase in risk, relative to litter pens. If a cow had changed housing system 4 times before 1 st calving it increased the risk of culling 1.4 times, relative to two housing changes. These results show that rearing factors affect the productive life time of dairy cows in Swedish family operations. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Yogurt consumption and risk of mortality from all causes, CVD and cancer: a comprehensive systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Objectives:To quantify the dose-response relation between yogurt consumption and risk of mortality from all causes, CVD and cancer. Design:Systematic review and meta-analysis. Setting:We conducted a comprehensive search of PubMed/Medline, ISI Web of Science and Scopus databases through August 2022 for cohort studies reporting the association of yogurt consumption with mortality from all causes, CVD and cancer. Summary relative risks (RR) and 95 % CI were calculated with a random-effects model. Participants:Seventeen cohort studies (eighteen publications) of 896 871 participants with 75 791 deaths (14 623 from CVD and 20 554 from cancer). Results:High intake of yogurt compared with low intake was significantly associated with a lower risk of deaths from all causes (pooled RR 0 center dot 93; 95 % CI: 0 center dot 89, 0 center dot 98, I-2 = 47 center dot 3 %, n 12 studies) and CVD (0 center dot 89; 95 % CI: 0 center dot 81, 0 center dot 98, I-2 = 33 center dot 2 %, n 11), but not with cancer (0 center dot 96; 95 % CI: 0 center dot 89, 1 center dot 03, I-2 = 26 center dot 5 %, n 12). Each additional serving of yogurt consumption per d was significantly associated with a reduced risk of all-cause (0 center dot 93; 95 % CI: 0 center dot 86, 0 center dot 99, I-2 = 63 center dot 3 %, n 11) and CVD mortality (0 center dot 86; 95 % CI: 0 center dot 77, 0 center dot 99, I-2 = 36 center dot 6 %, n 10). There was evidence of non-linearity between yogurt consumption and risk of all-cause and CVD mortality, and there was no further reduction in risk above 0 center dot 5 serving/d. Conclusion:Summarising earlier cohort studies, we found an inverse association between yogurt consumption and risk of all-cause and CVD mortality; however, there was no significant association between yogurt consumption and risk of cancer mortality.
The role of dairy fat on cardiometabolic health: what is the current state of knowledge?; The purpose of this review is to examine the recent literature concerning the role of dairy fat intake on cardiometabolic health, focusing on prospective cohort studies that evaluated associations between dairy fat intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). In general, studies using self-reported dietary assessment methods found no association between self-reported high-fat or low-fat dairy intake and CVD, a neutral association between low-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D, and either a protective association or no association between high-fat dairy intake and incident of T2D. Inconsistent classification of dairy foods as low-or high-fat and variable adjustment for potential confounders may have contributed to the heterogeneity of results. In contrast, results from studies using pentadecanoic acid (15: 0), heptadecanoic acid (17: 0), or transpalmitoleic acid (t-16:1n-7) as biomarkers have provided consistent evidence that dairy fat intake was negatively associated with CVD and T2D risk. Taken together, results from prospective studies do not support the assumption that higher dairy fat intake is associated with increased risk of CVD, but they do support the hypothesis that dairy fat intake could be protective for T2D. Randomized controlled trials are needed to establish a cause-and-effect relationship between dairy fat intake and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Association of trypanosomosis risk with dairy cattle production in western Kenya; Dairy cattle reared in western Kenya are exposed to medium to high levels of trypanosomosis risk.. The social background, farm characteristics and dairy cattle productivity of 90 and 30 randomly selected farmers from medium- and high-risk trypanosomosis areas, respectively, were compared. All the 120 farmers were visited between July and August 2002. Data analysis was performed using descriptive statistics and analysis of variance. The results showed that increased trypanosomosis risk represented by an increase in disease prevalence in cattle of 1% to 20% decreased the density of dairy cattle by 53% and increased the calving interval from 14 to 25 months. The increased risk was also associated with a significant increase in cattle mortalities and in a lactation period of 257 to 300 days. It was concluded that removal of the trypanosomosis constraint on dairy production would lead to expansion of dairying since the domestic demand for dairy products is expected to increase.
Effects of Dietary Omega-3 Enrichment on the Chemical Composition and the Pathogenic Microbiota of Ovine Milk; The demand for ovine milk and ovine dairy products is constantly increasing due to their exceptional sensorial characteristics and their health benefits for consumers. However, dairy fat content and composition are of particular concern for consumers as well as the medical community, as there are risk factors for coronary disease, diabetes mellitus, cancer, and other serious diseases. For this reason, attempts have been made to control/regulate the fat composition of ovine milk by modifying sheep dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids. In this experimental trial, a group of sheep were fed for 30 days a diet enriched in flaxseeds and lupines, feed ingredients rich in omega-3 fatty acids, aiming to investigate the effects on fat composition and the microbiota of ovine milk. Chemical analysis of the collected milk showed that the omega-3 and omega-6 content was increased. On the opposite, the atherogenic and thrombogenic indexes decreased. Of importance was the semi-protective effect on the udder by the increased omega-3 dietary intake, as depicted by its impact on the biodiversity of the pathogenic microbiota. These findings suggest that ovine milk could be modified under specific conditions to be more appropriate for the consumption by people belonging to high-risk groups for various diseases.
Evaluation of a data-driven youngstock rearing quality system in Dutch dairy herds (2019-2022)-2022); In recent years, the Netherlands exhibited an increased focus on improving youngstock rearing. Several data- driven tools were developed to assess and benchmark calf rearing practices based on key indicators, stimulate farmers to improve their youngstock rearing and reduce calf mortality. KalfOK is such a data-driven tool in which a farm-level overview with 15 indicators of youngstock rearing quality is communicated to participating farmers. In this study we assessed which farm characteristics are associated with A) a continuously high or low KalfOK score and B) frequent usage of KalfOK. Data from KalfOK and the identification and registration system were available for all participating herds over a period between 2019 and 2022 (Dataset A). Additionally, a sample of 324 dairy farmers, randomly selected from the entire Dutch dairy population (Dataset B), participated in a voluntary survey. Multivariable (logistic) regression models were used to A) identify differences in characteristics between farms with a continuously high- and farms with a continuously low KalfOK score and B) assess which farm characteristics were associated with frequent use of the KalfOK report. The results of analysis A showed multiple factors associated with having a low or high KalfOK score, including replacement rate, closed farming system, limited growth in herd size and the region where a farm was located. Sociological factors might also partly explain the difference between high and low scoring farms. Analysis B showed that approximately half of the surveyed farmers indicated that they do not frequently use their KalfOK overview in their calf rearing management. The KalfOK score of farmers who regularly use their KalfOK report was higher - and consequently better- compared to the KalfOK score of farmers who sometimes or never use KalfOK. Additionally, farmers using a milk robot and those discussing KalfOK regularly with their veterinarian, used KalfOK more often. Thirty four percent of the surveyed farmers made adjustments to their youngstock rearing management since the start of participation. The study's insights into patterns in KalfOK utilization and associations with farm characteristics provide valuable information for ongoing efforts to enhance calf rearing practices via the use of KalfOK. It is important to consider what is needed to convince farmers that do not use the KalfOK tool to frequently start using their KalfOK report. Future research incorporating sociological aspects can provide a more comprehensive understanding of other dynamics influencing calf rearing and contribute valuable insights for enhancing the effectiveness of programs like KalfOK in promoting calf health and welfare.
Review of clinical trials evaluating safety and efficacy of milk thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i> [L.] Gaertn.); Milk thistle extracts have been used as traditional herbal remedies for almost 2000 years. The extracts are still widely used to protect the liver against toxins and to control chronic liver diseases. Recent experimental and clinical studies suggest that milk thistle extracts also have anticancer, antidiabetic, and cardioprotective effects. This article reviews clinical trials of milk thistle conducted in the past 5 years including pharmacokinetic and toxicity studies, herb-drug interactions, and other safety issues. Several trials have studied the effects of milk thistle for patients with liver diseases, cancer, hepatitis C, HIV, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. Promising results have been reported in the protective effect of milk thistle in certain types of cancer, and ongoing trials will provide more evidence about this effect. In addition, new established doses and improvement on the quality and standardization of this herb win provide the much-awaited evidence about the efficacy of milk thistle in the treatment of liver diseases. Milk thistle extracts are known to be safe and well tolerated, and toxic or adverse effects observed in the reviewed clinical trials seem to be minimal. The future of milk thistle research is promising, and high-quality randomized clinical trials on milk thistle versus placebo may be needed to fm-ther demonstrate the safety and efficacy of this herb.
Blood profile of a dairy herd with exceptionally high mortality; Problems in a herd of 60 dairy cows with a history of sporadic lameness and high mortality in adult cows were assessed, with the agreement of the farmer, by wide-ranging blood biochemistry and haematology investigations on eight cows selected at random. The haematology screening was extended to the whole herd in order to research the abnormalities found. There was a predominate lymphopenia. Monocytosis, neutrophilia and eosinophilia were also widely seen. It appeared that Babesia divergens was present in the herd without producing clinical signs. However, Anaplasma phagocytophilum, which was highly suspected empirically, was finally evidenced and also Lyme disease. A general but short duration tetracycline treatment provided temporary improvement. It was difficult to establish the status of fasciolosis in this herd.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial on probiotic soy milk and soy milk: effects on epigenetics and oxidative stress in patients with type II diabetes; This clinical trial aimed to discover the effects of probiotic soy milk and soy milk on MLH1 and MSH2 promoter methylation, and oxidative stress among type II diabetic patients. Forty patients with type II diabetes mellitus aged 35-68 years were assigned to two groups in this randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trial. Patients in the intervention group consumed 200 ml/day of probiotic soy milk containing Lactobacillus plantarumA7, while those in the control group consumed 200 ml/d of conventional soy milk for 8 weeks. Fasting blood samples, anthropometric measurements, and 24-h dietary recalls were collected at the baseline and at the end of the study, respectively. Probiotic soy milk significantly decreased promoter methylation in proximal and distal MLH1 promoter region (P < 0.01 and P < 0.0001, respectively) compared with the baseline values, while plasma concentration of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) decreased significantly compared with soy milk (P < 0.05). In addition, a significant increase in superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity was observed in probiotic soy milk group compared with baseline value (P < 0.01). There were no significant changes from baseline in the promoter methylation of MSH2 within either group (P > 0.05). The consumption of probiotic soy milk improved antioxidant status in type II diabetic patients and may decrease promoter methylation among these patients, indicating that probiotic soy milk is a promising agent for diabetes management.
Imiquimod in cervical, vaginal and vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia: A review; Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is in the vast majority of patients accountable for the development of vulvar, cervical and vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN, CIN, VAIN); precursors of vulvar, cervical and vaginal cancers. The currently preferred treatment modality for high grade VIN, CIN and VAIN is surgical excision. Nevertheless surgical treatment is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and recurrence is not uncommon. The aim of this review is to present evidence on the efficacy, safety and tolerability of imiquimod (an immune response modifier) in HPV-related VIN, CIN and VAIN. A search for papers on the use of imiquimod in VIN, CIN and VAIN was performed in the MEDLINE, EMBASE and Cochrane library databases. Data was extracted and reviewed. Twenty-one articles met the inclusion criteria and were analyzed; 16 on VIN, 3 on CIN and 2 on VAIN. Complete response rates in VIN ranged from 5 to 88%. Although minor adverse effects were frequently reported, treatment with imiquimod was well tolerated in most patients. Studies on imiquimod treatment of CIN and VAIN are limited and lack uniformly defined endpoints. The available evidence however, shows encouraging effect. Complete response rates for CIN 2-3 and VAIN 1-3 ranged from 67 to 75% and 57 to 86% respectively. More randomized controlled trials on the use of imiquimod in CIN, VAIN and VIN with extended follow-up are necessary to determine the attributive therapeutic value in these patients. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
DAIRY CALF MANAGEMENT, MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN ONTARIO HOLSTEIN HERDS .4. ASSOCIATION OF MANAGEMENT WITH MORTALITY; Associations between heifer calf management and mortality were studied on 104 randomly selected Holstein dairy farms in southwestern Ontario between October 1980 and July 1983. At the farm level, data were stratified by season, with two six-month seasons (winter and summer) per year. The odds of farms with particular management strategies having above-median morbidity were calculated. At the individual calf level, the odds of a calf being treated, controlling for farm of origin and month of  birth, were calculated for different management practices. Larger farms had significantly greater odds of experiencing mortality than smaller farms in both winter and summer. Farms which hadpolicies of attending calvings and ensuring that calves received their first colostrum had significantly lower odds of experiencing winter mortality than farms which did not have these policies. Farms which housed calves in hutches had significantly lower odds, and those which housed calves in group pens had  significantly higher odds, of experiencing summer mortality, than farms which used individual indoor calf-pens. A policy of teat removal between four weeks of age and weaning was associated with increased odds of summer mortality. At the individual calf level, calving ease, sire, navel treatment, assistance at first colostrum feeding, administration of vitamins A, D and E and anti-scour vaccines to the pregnant dam, and place of calving, were all associated with significantly altered odds of dying. However, several interactions entered the statistical models, and the effects of those management practices were not all straightforward.
Effect of Calving Difficulties and Calf Mortality on Functional Longevity in Polish Holstein-Friesian Cows; Simple Summary</p>
Dietary Milk Fat Globule Membrane Reduces the Incidence of Aberrant Crypt Foci in Fischer-344 Rats; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) is a biopolymer composed primarily of membrane proteins and lipids that surround the fat globules in milk. Although it is considered to have potential as a bioactive ingredient, few feeding studies have been conducted to measure its potential benefits. The aim of this investigation was to determine if dietary MFGM confers protection against colon carcinogenesis compared to diets containing corn oil (CO) or anhydrous milk fat (AMF). Male, weanling Fischer-344 rats were randomly assigned to one of three dietary treatments that differed only in the fat source: (1) AIN-76A diet, corn oil; (2) AIN-76A diet, AMF; and (3) AIN-76A diet, 50% MFGM, 50% AMF Each diet contained 50 g/kg diet of fat. With the exception of the fat source, diets were formulated to be identical in macro and micro nutrient content. Animals were injected with 1,2dimethylhydrazine once per week at weeks 3 and 4, and fed experimental diets for a total of 13 weeks. Over the course of the study dietary treatment did not affect food consumption, weight gain or body composition. After 13 weeks animals were sacrificed, colons were removed and aberrant crypt foci (ACF) were counted by microscopy. Rats fed the MFGM diet (n = 16) had significantly fewer ACF (20.9 +/- 5.7) compared to rats fed corn oil (n = 17) or AMF (n = 16) diets (31.3 +/- 9.5 and 29.8 +/- 11.4 respectively; P < 0.05). Gene expression analysis of colonic mucosa did not reveal differential expression of candidate colon cancer genes, and the sphingolipid profile of the colonic mucosa was not affected by diet. While there were notable and significant differences in plasma and red blood cell lipids, there was no relationship to the cancer protection. These results support previous findings that dietary sphingolipids are protective against colon carcinogenesis yet extend this finding to MFGM, a milk fat fraction available as a food ingredient.
Kefir peptides alleviate high-fat diet-induced atherosclerosis by attenuating macrophage accumulation and oxidative stress in <i>ApoE</i> knockout mice; In the past decade, the high morbidity and mortality of atherosclerotic disease have been prevalent worldwide. High-fat food consumption has been suggested to be an overarching factor for atherosclerosis incidence. This study aims to investigate the effects of kefir peptides on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice. 7-week old male ApoE(-/-) and normal C57BL/6 mice were randomly divided into five groups (n=8). Atherosclerotic lesion development in ApoE(-/-) mice was established after fed the HFD for 12 weeks compared to standard chow diet (SCD)-fed C57BL/6 and ApoE(-/-) control groups. Kefir peptides oral administration significantly improved atherosclerotic lesion development by protecting against endothelial dysfunction, decreasing oxidative stress, reducing aortic lipid deposition, attenuating macrophage accumulation, and suppressing the inflammatory immune response compared with the HFD/ApoE(-/-) mock group. Moreover, the high dose of kefir peptides substantially inhibited aortic fibrosis and restored the fibrosis in the aorta root close to that observed in the C57BL/6 normal control group. Our findings show, for the first time, anti-atherosclerotic progression via kefir peptides consumption in HFD-fed ApoE(-/-) mice. The profitable effects of kefir peptides provide new perspectives for its use as an anti-atherosclerotic agent in the preventive medicine.
What determines patient preferences for treating low risk basal cell carcinoma when comparing surgery vs imiquimod? A discrete choice experiment survey from the SINS trial; Background: The SINS trial (Controlled Clinical Trials ISRCTN48755084; Eudract No. 2004-004506-24) is a randomised controlled trial evaluating long term success of excisional surgery vs. imiquimod 5% cream for low risk nodular and superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC). The trial included a discrete choice experiment questionnaire to explore patient preferences of a cream versus surgery for the treatment of their skin cancer.
Preliminary observations of mortality reduction in stressed, <i>Flavobactetium columnare</i>-challenged golden shiners after treatment with a dairy-yeast prebiotic; We conducted preliminary studies to evaluate the effects of including dairy-yeast prebiotics in the diets of golden shiners Notemigonus crysoleucas with access to natural foods on their resistance to challenge with Flavobacterium columnare. In trial 1, fish were fed either a control diet or a 2% dairy-yeast prebiotic diet for 10 weeks in outdoor pools before challenge. In trial 2, fish fed the experimental diets were either subjected to confinement stress or left unmolested before challenge. Mortality (mean SE) was not significantly different in the control diet (23.4 +/- 3.4%), the prebiotic diet (10.0 +/- 3.3%), and the prebiotic diet with stress (16.7 +/- 3.4%) treatments. However, mortality was significantly greater in the control diet with stress treatment (50.0 3.3%) than in the other treatments. This preliminary investigation suggests that prebiotic supplementation in golden shiner feeds before a stressful event would significantly reduce the mortality from F. columnare.
FISH-PROTEIN CONCENTRATE (CONMAR-80) OR REFINED SOY FLOUR AS SUBSTITUTES FOR SKIM MILK POWDER IN CALF MILK REPLACERS; A new commercial hexane-extracted fish meal, Conmar 80, (80% CP) and soy flour were used as protein sources in milk replacer diets for young dairy calves. Three milk replacers, identical in composition except for the diet protein source, were offered in two experiments to Holstein Friesian male calves. The three treatments were: 50% skim milk (SM), 27% whey (W); 22% SM, 47% W, 9% Conmar 80; and 22% SM, 42% W, 15% soy flour. The first experiment compared calf performance parameters and a second  experiment compared digestibility parameters for the three diets. A total of 132 Holstein calves were involved in trial 1 and 12 Holstein calves in trial 2. Calf performance, feed efficiency and mortality were not different from controls when Conmar 80 was included as a protein source (36%) in milk replacer. Partial replacement of skim milk powder with soy flour as 37% of the protein source gave lower average daily gains, a higher feed conversion and mortality rate. The digestibility data for  all rations were similar. The results indicated that approximatley one-third of the protein in milk replacer could be provided by fish protein concentrate in place of skim milk powder without any reduction in calf performance.
Camel Milk with Pegylated Interferon Alfa-2a and Ribavirin for Treatment-Naive Chronic Hepatitis C Genotype 2/3: An Open-Label, Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: Chronic hepatitis C is one of the most important causes of cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Camel milk (CM) is a new candidate therapy for chronic hepatitis C (CHC).
TOPICAL TREATMENT WITH HUMAN-LEUKOCYTE INTERFERON OF HPV-16 INFECTIONS ASSOCIATED WITH CERVICAL AND VAGINAL INTRAEPITHELIAL NEOPLASIAS; The present placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was designed to determine the effect of potent human leukocyte interferon cream (IFN) on genital HPV 16 (high-risk-type) infections associated with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and/or vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VAIN). Twenty women were treated with either IFN or placebo cream. The daily dose of IFN was 9 .times. 106 IU. The patients applied the cream deep into the vagina every night for 2-week courses 1 week apart. The entire  treatment period was 12 months. On the basis of colposcopical, cytological, and histological examinations, 4 of 9 patients in the IFN group and 7 of 10 patients in the placebo group showed clinical remissions at the end of the trial. However, the virological studies gave a different picture. After treatment, 6 of 9 in the IFN group and 3 of 10 in the placebo group were HPV 16 DNA negative (in situ hybridization). All four patients in remission after IFN were HPV 16 DNA negative, whereas 4 of 7  patients in remission after placebo were still HPV 16 DNA positive. One patient treated with placebo showed progression; no patient in the IFN group showed progression. During the post-treatment follow-up of 16 months, no recurrences were noted in the IFN group, as compared with 2 of 10 in the placebo group. These results showed a marked discrepancy between clinical evaluation (colposcopy, Pap smear, biopsy) and virological findings. Further studies are needed to clarify the prognostic value of  the different evaluation criteria. It is encouraging that the high-risk HPV 16 infection was eradicated in two-thirds of the patients treated with topical IFN.
Photodynamic therapy vs. topical imiquimod for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: a subgroup analysis within a noninferiority randomized controlled trial; Background A recent noninferiority randomized controlled trial (RCT) indicated that imiquimod can be considered as superior to methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC). Knowledge of treatment effectiveness in subgroups of patients is of great value in clinical practice to select the most effective treatment for an individual patient with sBCC.
Feeding rumen-protected methionine during the peripartum period improved milk fat content and reduced the culling rate of Holstein cows in a commercial herd; Researchers have reported the benefits of feeding rumen-protected methionine (RPM) during the peripartum on the health parameters of dairy cows. Rumen- protected Met has reportedly improved milk yield, milk components, and liver health, but the literature is scarce on its effects in commercial herds. Therefore, we aimed to determine the effects of feeding RPM (Smartamine M, Adisseo Inc., Antony, France) prepartum (8 g/cow per day) and postpartum (15 g/cow per day) on performance, metabolic profile, and culling rate of Holstein cows in a commercial herd. One hundred sixty-six (n = 166) Holstein cows, 58 nulliparous and 108 parous, were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 dietary treatments, consisting of TMR top-dressed with RPM (RPMet; 2.35% and 2.24% Met of MP for close-up and fresh cows, respectively) or without (control [CON] 2.03% and 1.89% Met of MP for close-up and fresh cows, respectively), fed from 21 +/- 6 d prepartum until 16 +/- 5 d postpartum. From 17 DIM until dry-off, all cows received RPMet. Daily milk yield was recorded, and milk samples were collected in the first and second weeks after calving to determine their composition. Blood samples were collected before the morning feeding on -14, -7, +1, +7, and +14 d relative to calving. Mortality and morbidity were recorded during the first 60 DIM. Cows supplemented with RPMet had greater milk yield during the first 16 DIM (31.76 vs. 30.37 kg/d; SEM = 1.04, respectively), and had greater milk fat content (4.45 vs. 4.10%; SEM = 0.11, respectively), but not milk total protein (3.47 vs. 3.39%; SEM = 0.04, respectively) and casein contents (2.74 vs. 2.66%; SEM = 0.04, respectively) than CON cows. Cows in RP- Met had increased plasma Met concentrations than cows in CON (24.9 vs. 21.0 mu mol/L; SEM = 1.2, respectively). Although morbidity was similar between treatments, the culling rate from calving until 60 DIM was lower for RP- Met cows than for CON cows (2.4% vs. 12.1%; SEM = 0.02). In conclusion, cows receiving RPMet have greater milk yield, improved milk fat content, and a lower culling rate at 60 DIM than CON cows.
Association between dairy intake, lipids and vascular structure and function in diabetes; AIM
Evaluation of the effects of oral colostrum supplementation during the first fourteen days on the health and performance of preweaned calves; Increasing concerns about antimicrobial resistance have led to the development and implementation of alternatives to antimicrobial use in animal production. The objective of this clinical trial was to determine the effect of colostrum supplementation of the milk replacer ration on morbidity, mortality, feed intake, and weight gain of preweaned calves. Ninety 1-d-old calves on each of 3 commercial calf ranches were randomly allocated to 1 of 3 groups. Treatment-group calves received 10 g of supplemental immunoglobulin G (IgG) in the form of 70 g of colostrum powder in the milk replacer twice daily for 14 d. The placebo-group calves received a nutritionally equivalent supplement lacking IgG in the milk replacer twice daily for 14 d. Control calves received milk replacer without supplements twice daily. Calves were housed in individual hutches and were weighed on d 1, 28, and 60. Serum was collected on d 2 for serum IgG determination. Daily health evaluations for the first 28 d of life were performed by study personnel blinded to treatment group assignment. Observed illness was treated based on health assessment, rectal temperature, and specific calf ranch protocols. Feed consumption (milk and grain) was recorded. Calves receiving supplemental colostrum had less diarrhea and received fewer antimicrobial treatments than control and placebo calves. The results indicated that calf diarrhea was associated with low serum IgG levels and low-weight calves. Grain consumption and weight gain over the first 28 d of life were significantly greater in colostrum-supplemented calves compared with control calves. No differences in mortality or respiratory disease incidence among groups were detected. Supplemental colostrum during the first 2 wk of life can reduce diarrheal disease in preweaned calves on calf ranches and thereby reduce the amount of antimicrobial treatments needed.
The effects of omega-3 α-linolenic acid from flaxseed oil supplemented to high-yielding dairy cows on production, health, and fertility; Among the long-chain fatty acids (FA), the omega-3 (n-3) FA have the most potent immunomodulatory activities. In the present large-scale study, we tested the effects of supplementation of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) from flaxseed commenced at the dry period on milk yield, health and fertility of dairy cows. Cows in a large commercial dairy farm were randomly divided into two groups 21 days before expected calving. During the dry period, cows in the treatment group were fed a diet that contained, on a DM basis, 40 g/kg of an extruded flaxseed supplement (EFLX; n = 276); their postpartum diet contained 50 g/kg of the same supplement. The cows were group-fed, and based on average cow's intake, the EFLX cows consumed 80 and 220 g ALA/day per cow prepartum and postpartum, respectively. The control cows received a diet with a different composition but a similar content of nutrients (CTL; n = 240). A veterinarian routinely examined the cows 7 to 10 days after calving, treated them according to the farm's routine practice, and determined their body condition score at that visit and at peak lactation. Milk yield was 4.5% greater (1.8 kg/day; P < 0.0001), and fat (P < 0.0001) and protein (P = 0.002) contents were lower in the EFLX vs. CTL group. The proportion of n-3 FA in milk was 3.9 times higher in EFLX than in CTL cows (P < 0.0001), and the omega-6 (n-6):n-3 ratio in the milk fat decreased from 13.0 in the CTL cows to 4.1 in the EFLX cows (P < 0.0001). The unsaturated FA content in milk fat was 20.1% greater in EFLX than in CTL cows (P < 0.0001). Ketosis incidence was lower in the EFLX vs. CTL group, 23.5 and 31.2%, respectively (P = 0.05), and ketosis was less severe in the former (P = 0.03). The mortality rates in EFLX and CTL cows were 0.7 and 4.6%, respectively (P = 0.005). No differences were observed in conception rates at first or second insemination, but days from first service to conception and calving to conception were 17 (P = 0.07) and 18 days (P = 0.09) less in the EFLX cows, respectively. In conclusion, supplementation of EFLX to dairy cows from the dry period increased milk yield, decreased incidence of ketosis and severe metritis, reduced mortality, and tended to enhance fertility performance. Overall, ALA supplementation improved milk quality and was beneficial to the cow's health and fertility.
FACTORS INFLUENCING CALF MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN SMALLHOLDER DAIRY FARMS IN KIAMBU DISTRICT OF KENYA; Patterns of calf morbidity and mortality were examined for 78 of 90 randomly selected smallholder dairy farms in Kiambu District, Kenya that had at least one calf during the 12 months between July 1991 and June 1992.  Overall, 201 calves (104 males and 97 females) were observed on at least one visit.  The crude calf morbidity and mortality rates were 27% and 22% per year, respectively.  Diarrhoea was the most common cause of morbidity and mortality.
First report of the <i>in vitro</i> nematicidal effects of camel milk; Antipathogenic properties of camel milk have been investigated to substitute for drugs hence overcome drug resistance. The main objective of this present study was to investigate the anthelmintic activity of camel milk in relationship to its chemical composition. In vitro anthelmintic effects of camel milk against Haemonchus contortus from sheep were ascertained by egg hatching and worm motility inhibitions in comparison to milks from cow, ewe and goat as well as a reference drug albendazole. Chemical composition revealed that camel milk has higher contents of protective protein (lactoferrin) and vitamin C than other species' milk. It showed ovicidal activity at all tested concentrations and completely inhibited egg hatching at a concentration close to 100 mg/mL (inhibitory concentration (IC50) = 42.39 mg/mL). Camel milk revealed in vitro activity against adult parasites in terms of the paralysis and/or death of the worms at different hours post treatment. After 8 h of exposure, it induced 100% mortality at the highest tested concentration. There was 82.3% immobility of worms in albendazole 8 h post-exposition. No such effects were seen with the other species' milks. Bioactive compounds such as lactoferrin and vitamin C may be involved in such an effect.
Feeding a high-concentrate corn straw diet increased the release of endotoxin in the rumen and pro-inflammatory cytokines in the mammary gland of dairy cows; Background: The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of feeding a high-concentrate corn straw diet on the release of endotoxin in the rumen and the changes of pro-inflammatory cytokines in the mammary gland of dairy cows in comparison with a low-concentrate corn straw diet and a low-concentrate mixed forage diet. Thirty second-parity Chinese Holstein cows in mid-lactation with a body condition score of 2.86 +/- 0.29, weighing 543 +/- 57 kg and producing 24.32 +/- 3.86 kg milk per day were randomly assigned to 1 of the 3 diets (n = 10 per treatment): 1) low-concentrate mixed forage diet (LCF) with a concentrate to roughage ratio of 46 : 54; 2) high-concentrate corn straw diet (HCS) with a concentrate to roughage ratio of 65 : 35; 3) low-concentrate corn straw diet (LCS) with the same concentrate to roughage ratio (46 : 54) as LCF. The experiment lasted 6 weeks, and samples were collected in the last week. Milk samples were analyzed for conventional components, rumen fluid samples were analyzed for pH and endotoxin, and mammary arterial and venous plasma samples were analyzed for concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha).
<i>Cryptosporidium parvum</i> infection and associated risk factors in dairy calves in western France; This study was conducted to determine the prevalence and risk factors for Cryptosporidium infection in calf neonates on dairy farms in Normandy.
A natural butterfat that elicits clinically significant lowering of total- and LDL-cholesterol when added to the diet of normal men: a novel route to decreasing cardiovascular risk in human populations?; Current US guidelines recommend that less than 30% of dietary energy (en%) in adults should derive from total fats, in part to limit excessive intake of saturated fats, which is linked to atherosclerosis, obesity and some cancers. Dairy foods are a major source of saturated fats, so such guidelines effectively advocate decreased consumption of dairy products to 2-4 servings daily. Milk containing increased unsaturated fatty acids has been produced by feeding cows with a protected feed supplement rich in oleic acid. Feeding of butterfat derived from this milk elicited decreased blood LDL-C in two of three trials. To resolve ongoing uncertainty concerning the efficacy of butterfat per se, we have investigated its blood lipid-lowering potential in 20 healthy male subjects using a double-blind, randomised, intervention trial. During this residential trial, all foods and beverages were provided during two intervention periods, comprising 3 weeks of high unsaturated 'modified' vs. 3 weeks of saturated 'control' butter feeding separated by a 4-week washout period. Diets were of typical composition of 39 en% fat (20 en% butterfat), 48 en% CHO, 13 en% protein. There were significant decreases in both total (p <0.05, -7.9%) and LDL-C (p <0.01, -9.5%) during feeding of modified butter, but no significant changes in a range of other risk factors including HDL-C, TG, or fasting glucose (p >0.05). Subjects were maintained in energy balance with no significant change in body weight during interventions; butterfat composition alone differed between treatments. Thus, clinically significant improvement in cardiovascular risk can be achieved by moderate changes in dietary fatty acid profile achieved through a common and well-accepted food source, butterfat.
Impacts of feeding a <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> fermentation product on productive performance, and metabolic and immunological responses during a feed-restriction challenge of mid-lactation dairy cows; Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation products are commonly used in dairy cattle ration to improve pro-duction efficiency and health. However, whether these benefits will persist during feed-restriction-induced negative energy balance is unknown. The objective of this experiment was to examine the effect of a Saccharo-myces cerevisiae fermentation product (NT, NutriTek, Diamond V) on performance, metabolic, inflammatory, and immunological responses to a feed-restriction chal-lenge in mid-lactation dairy cows. Sixty Holstein cows were blocked by parity, days in milk, and milk yield and then randomly assigned to 1 of the 2 supplements: NT or placebo (CTL). The supplements were mixed in total mixed ration before feeding at a rate of 19 g/d per cow. The production phase of the experiment lasted 12 wk. Intake and milk yield were recorded daily, and milk composition was measured weekly. After the produc-tion trial, a subset of cows (NT: n = 16; CTL: n = 16) were immediately enrolled in a 5-d feed-restriction challenge with 40% ad libitum intake followed by a 5-d realimentation. Milk yield and composition were mea-sured at each milking from d -2 to 10 relative to feed restriction. Blood samples were collected on d -2, -1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, and 10 relative to the initiation of feed restriction to measure circulating metabolites, insulin, cortisol, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, lipopolysac-charide binding protein, and haptoglobin. Immune function assessments, including peripheral mononuclear cell proliferation and functional assays of circulating granulocytes, were performed on d -3 and 4 of the feed restriction. No differences were observed in dry matter intake, milk yield, or concentrations or yield of components except for fat yield. An interaction of with parity and treatment was observed for milk fat yield that was lower for CTL than NT in primiparous cows, but no differences were observed among treatments in milk fat yield of multiparous cows. Feed restriction successfully induced negative energy balance and its associated metabolic changes, including reduced con-centrations of plasma glucose and increased nonesteri-fied fatty acids and 0-hydroxybutyrate. Cows fed NT had a similar decrease in milk yield but had a more pronounced reduction in plasma glucose concentration and greater 0-hydroxybutyrate concentration during feed restriction than those fed CTL. Feed restriction did not induce evidence of systemic inflammation but did reduce granulocyte functional activity. Compared with CTL, feeding NT improved the reactive oxygen species production by granulocytes after stimulation by extracellular antigens. In conclusion, feeding NT increased milk fat production of first-lactation cows but did not affect overall productive performance. However, supplementation with NT improved induced granu-locyte oxidative burst. This may explain the greater glucose utilization by cows fed NT rather than CTL during feed restriction.
<i>Short communication</i>: Effects of porcine plasma or combined sodium butyrate and <i>Bacillus subtilis</i> on growth and health of grain-fed veal calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of incorporating 2 commonly used additives or spray-dried porcine plasma in calf milk replacer (CMR) on calf performance and health. Male Holstein calves (n = 158) transported from auction barns and local dairy farms were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 3 decoquinate-containing CMR for the first 49 d of the experiment: all milk protein and no additives (CONT); 15% of crude protein (CP) replaced with spray-dried porcine plasma, no additives (PLM); or all milk protein and an added combination of sodium butyrate (rate 1.4 kg of butyric acid/Mt) and Bacillus subtilis (1.28 million cfu/g of feed; BB). All milk replacers were formulated to contain 26% CP and 17% fat, 2.4% Lys, and 0.8% Met, and were bucket-fed at daily feeding rates of 520 g during wk 1 and 2, 650 g during wk 3, and 900 g during wk 4 and 5, in a total of 4, 5, and 6 L of solution, respectively. Calves were offered texturized calf starter (18% CP) upon arrival until wk 3 and transitioned to a corn and pellet ration with 2% straw (18.1% CP). No prophylactic administration of antibiotics occurred. All calves were gradually weaned over a 2-wk period. Calves were individually housed until weaned and then housed in groups of 5 in a mechanically ventilated facility in southwestern Ontario, Canada. Fecal scores, treatments administered (antibiotic or supportive therapy), and mortalities were recorded daily. Body weight was measured using a digital scale at arrival and at 14, 49, 56, and 78 d after arrival. No differences were found among the groups with respect to growth, feed efficiency, or incidence of diarrhea or respiratory infection treatment. Calves supplemented with BB had a greater hazard of mortality over the growing period compared with CONT. An interaction was found between the BB group and the level of total serum protein, with the BB group having a lower proportion of days with a fecal score of 3 when the calves had a higher total serum protein level. Calves fed PLM had a lower proportion of d with a fecal score of 3 relative to CONT but no difference in the proportion of d with a fecal score of 2 or higher. This study found that the addition of spray-dried plasma in CMR reduced diarrhea severity; however, supplementing BB was associated with a higher hazard of calf mortality and had a varying response on fecal score.
Dairy foods, dietary calcium and obesity: A short review of the evidence; The possible association between dairy products consumption and body weight regulation has been the subject of several recent publications. The interest in this issue arose after biologically plausible mechanisms for this association were identified: most of these suggested a key role for calcium intake from dairy products, although calcium-independent mechanisms have also been proposed. Data from cross-sectional epidemiological studies support the hypothesis that a dairy food-rich diet is associated with lower fat accumulation in adults and children; however, prospective studies and randomised controlled intervention trials have yielded inconsistent results. Different reasons could explain these findings that regard the evaluation of either the "exposure" (i.e. the methodological problems in the assessment of dietary intake of nutrients over a tong time) and the "outcome" (i.e. multiple factors involved in the regulation of body weight). Moreover, it could also be hypothesised that high consumption of dairy foods would be a marker of healthier lifestyles, or that nutritional differences exist within dairy products. Available data do not unequivocally support the hypothesis that a causal relationship exists between high dairy food intake -and/or high dietary calcium intake- and tower fat mass deposition. However, research in this field should aim to define the health impact of dairy foods even beyond obesity. (C) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of Probiotic Fermented Milk Supplementation on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism Parameters and Inflammatory Markers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Simple Summary In the present meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials, probiotic fermented milk supplementation appeared to be beneficial in lowering the levels of fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, total cholesterol, and C-reactive protein. While these findings are encouraging, they should be interpreted cautiously, as considerable limitations of the included trials and analyses precluded solid conclusions.Abstract Modulating gut microbiota composition through probiotic administration has been proposed as a novel therapy for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and fermented milk is arguably the most common and ideal probiotic carrier. The present meta-analysis was performed to assess the effects of probiotic fermented milk supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism parameters and inflammatory markers in patients with T2DM using published data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The PubMed, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant RCTs. A random-effects model was used to generate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI). Probiotic fermented milk supplementation reduced the levels of fasting plasma glucose (MD = -17.01, 95% CI -26.43, -7.58 mg/dL; n = 7), hemoglobin A1c (MD = -0.47, 95% CI -0.74, -0.21%; n = 7), total cholesterol (MD = -5.15, 95% CI -9.52, -0.78 mg/dL; n = 7), and C-reactive protein (MD = -0.25, 95% CI -0.43, -0.08; n = 3) but did not significantly affect the levels of HOMA-IR (MD = -0.89, 95% CI -2.55, 0.78; n = 3), triglyceride (MD = -4.69, 95% CI -14.67, 5.30 mg/dL; n = 6), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = -4.25, 95% CI -8.63, 0.13 mg/dL; n = 7), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (MD = 1.20, 95% CI -0.96, 3.36 mg/dL; n = 7), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (MD: -0.58, 95% CI -1.47, 0.32 pg/mL; n = 2). In summary, the present findings provide a crude indication of the potential benefits of probiotic fermented milk supplementation in improving glucose and lipid metabolism and inflammation in patients with T2DM. However, more robust evidence is needed to determine the clinical significance of probiotic fermented milk in the management of T2DM.
Factors associated with body weight of young surplus dairy calves on arrival to a calf rearing facility; The objective of this study was to identify factors present on the source dairy farm and during transport, that are associated with low body weight of young dairy calves at arrival to a calf rearing facility. A total of 195 surplus dairy calves from five farms in southern Ontario, Canada were examined from October 2020 to June 2021. Calves were continuously enrolled at birth on participating source dairy farms for three weeks until the day of transport and followed until arrival at the calf rearing facility. Calf sex, breed, calving difficulty, and birth weight were recorded at enrollment and blood samples were collected between 24 and 48 h after birth to determine serum total protein. From the day of birth through arrival at the calf rearing facility, each calf received a daily health examination which included a fecal consistency score, respiratory score, and navel score. On the day of transport, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 transport treatments: 6 h, 12 h, or 16 h of continuous transportation by road. Age on the day of transport was recorded, and body weight was measured immediately before and after transportation. Two mixed linear regression models were built to determine the effect of these variables on body weight at arrival. The mean (& PLUSMN; SD) birth weight, body weight before transport and body weight at arrival were 45 kg (& PLUSMN; 6.9), 51 kg (& PLUSMN; 6.6), and 47 kg (& PLUSMN; 5.9), respectively, and age on the day of transport ranged from 1 to 22 d. Breed, birth weight, age at transport, body weight immediately before transport, and transport duration were associated with body weight at arrival. Holstein calves had greater body weights at arrival compared to Holstein-beef calves. Additionally, calves with greater birth weights and greater body weights immediately before transport had greater body weights at arrival. Calves over 5 d of age at transport had greater body weights at arrival compared to calves transported at 5 d of age or less. Calves transported for 6 h had a greater body weight at arrival compared to 12 h or 16 h, and those transported for 12 h had a greater body weight at arrival compared to 16 h. Future studies should evaluate approaches and policies to increase body weight of surplus dairy calves at arrival as it is consistently associated with improved health and productivity at calf rearing facilities.
Randomised Controlled Trial: Partial Hydrolysation of Casein Protein in Milk Decreases Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Subjects with Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders; Unspecific gastrointestinal symptoms associated with milk consumption are common. In addition to lactose, also other components of milk may be involved. We studied whether the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins would affect gastrointestinal symptoms in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. In a randomised, placebo-controlled crossover intervention, subjects (n= 41) were given ordinary or hydrolysed high-protein, lactose-free milkshakes (500 mL, 50 g protein) to be consumed daily for ten days. After a washout period of ten days, the other product was consumed for another ten days. Gastrointestinal symptoms were recorded daily during the study periods, and a validated irritable bowel syndrome-symptom severity scale (IBS-SSS) questionnaire was completed at the beginning of the study and at the end of both study periods. Blood and urine samples were analysed for markers of inflammation, intestinal permeability and immune activation. Both the IBS-SSS score (p= 0.001) and total symptom score reported daily (p= 0.002) were significantly reduced when participants consumed the hydrolysed product. Less bloating was reported during both study periods when compared with the baseline (p< 0.01 for both groups). Flatulence (p= 0.01) and heartburn (p= 0.03) decreased when consuming the hydrolysed product but not when drinking the control product. No significant differences in the levels of inflammatory markers (tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNF-alpha and interleukin 6, IL-6), intestinal permeability (fatty acid binding protein 2, FABP2) or immune activation (1-methylhistamine) were detected between the treatment periods. The results suggest that the partial hydrolysation of milk proteins (mainly casein) reduces subjective symptoms to some extent in subjects with functional gastrointestinal disorders. The mechanism remains to be resolved.
Predicting survival in dairy cattle by combining genomic breeding values and phenotypic information; Advances in technology and improved data collection have increased the availability of genomic estimated breeding values (gEBV) and phenotypic information on dairy farms. This information could be used for the prediction of complex traits such as survival, which can in turn be used in replacement heifer management. In this study, we investigated which gEBV and phenotypic variables are of use in the prediction of survival. Survival was defined as survival to second lactation, plus 2 wk, a binary trait. A data set was obtained of 6,847 heifers that were all genotyped at birth. Each heifer had 50 gEBV and up to 62 phenotypic variables that became gradually available over time. Stepwise variable selection on 70% of the data was used to create multiple regression models to predict survival with data available at 5 decision moments: distinct points in the life of a heifer at which new phenotypic information becomes available. The remaining 30% of the data were kept apart to investigate predictive performance of the models on independent data. A combination of gEBV arid phenotypic variables always resulted in the model with the highest Akaike information criterion value. The gEBV selected were longevity, feet and leg score, exterior score, udder score, and udder health score. Phenotypic variables on fertility, age at first calving, and milk quantity were important once available. It was impossible to predict individual survival accurately, but the mean predicted probability of survival of the surviving heifers was always higher than the mean predicted probability of the nonsurviving group (difference ranged from 0.014 to 0.028). The model obtained 2.0 to 3.0% more surviving heifers when the highest scoring 50% of heifers were selected compared with randomly selected heifers. Combining phenotypic information and gEBV always resulted in the highest scoring models for the prediction of survival, and especially improved early predictive performance. By selecting the heifers with the highest predicted probability of survival, increased survival could be realized at the population level in practice.
Prevalence of methicillin-resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> in dairy farms: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is an opportunistic bacterium that causes many human and animal infections worldwide. MRSA infections are classified as priority infections owing to their high morbidity and mortality, with a significant risk of zoonotic transmission. This study aimed to determine the pooled prevalence of MRSA in dairy cattle farms and its heterogeneity. Relevant studies were retrieved from three databases: PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus. The pooled prevalence of MRSA in dairy farms was estimated using a random-effects model. Subgroup and meta-regression analyses were used to assess the probable sources of heterogeneity. Sensitivity and publication bias analyses were also performed. A total of 94 articles were eligible for inclusion in this meta-analysis. The pooled prevalence of MRSA was estimated to be 3.81% [95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 2.61-5.20] with significantly high heterogeneity (I-2 = 96.6%, p = 0.00). For the subgroup analysis among continents, the prevalence was highest in Asia (4.89%; 95% CI = 2.88-7.35) and lowest in South America (1.33%, 95% CI = 0.00-5.49). As for the year of publication, MRSA prevalence was highest in reports published from 2015 to 2018 (4.36%, 95% CI = 2.41-6.80) and lowest in reports published before 2015 (2.65%, 95% CI = 0.75-5.52). As for sample type, the prevalence of MRSA in cattle milk (3.91%, 95% CI = 2.64-5.39) was higher than that in other sample types (1.19%, 95% CI = 0.05-3.24). These three factors were not significantly associated with the pooled prevalence of MRSA (p > 0.05). Therefore, the findings of this study indicate that the prevalence of MRSA has been minimal and consistent in dairy cattle farms over time.
Kefir peptides attenuate atherosclerotic vascular calcification and osteoporosis in atherogenic diet-fed <i>ApoE</i><SUP>-/-</SUP> knockout mice; Aims: Vascular calcification (VC) and osteoporosis were previously considered two distinct diseases. However, current understanding indicates that they share common pathogenetic mechanisms. The available medicines for treating VC and osteoporosis are limited. We previously demonstrated that kefir peptides (KPs) alleviated atherosclerosis in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice. The present study further addressed the preventive effects of KPs on VC and osteoporosis in ApoE(-/-) mice fed a high-cholesterol atherogenic diet (AD).
Determining the nutritional boundaries for replacing lactose with glucose in milk replacers for calves fed twice daily; The effect of replacing lactose with glucose on the gastrointestinal system of young calves at levels above 20% diet inclusion in milk replacer (MR) is not well described. The aim of this study was to determine tolerance to glucose inclusion at the direct expense of lactose on glucose metabolism, health, and growth performance in Holstein male calves. In total, 110 Holstein male dairy calves (16 +/- 2.5 d and 50.3 +/- 0.2 kg) were acquired from a commercial collection center. After an adaptation period of 3 d, 100 calves were selected for the study based on health parameters. Calves were blocked based on body weight measured on d 4 after arrival. Within each block, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 levels of glucose inclusion (replacing lactose): 0% (L1, n = 20), 10% (L2, n = 20), 20% (L3, n = 20), 30% (L4, n = 20), and 40% (L5, n = 20), leading to an estimated osmolality range from 417 (L1) to 586 mOsm/kg (L5). Carbohydrates were exchanged based on hexose equivalents, and glucose delivery was standardized across treatments, while the rest of the formula (60%) remained unchanged. Calves received L1 during the adaptation period of 3 d and were then exposed to their respective treatment until d 47 after arrival. Milk replacer was provided daily in 2 equally sized meals. Meal size was 2.0 L during the 3-d adaptation period and gradually increased to 4.0 L until weaning (d 35 after arrival). During weaning, meal size decreased from 4.0 to 2.0 L on d 36, and MR was withdrawn on d 48 after arrival. Straw and concentrates were offered ad libitum from d 25 onward. Calves had ad libitum access to water throughout the study. Measurements included daily feed intakes, weekly body weight, and weekly spot feces sampling in all calves. Blood samples were collected on d 18. Additionally, postprandial responses of insulin and glucose were measured in 6 calves per treatment on d 19, 20, and 21. Increasing glucose inclusion (at the direct expense of lactose) in MR did not affect growth but linearly increased mortality, which was as high as 25% (5/20) in L5. Mortality was primarily associated with gastrointestinal disorders (6/11). At higher glucose levels, calves needed greater serum insulin concentrations to control glycemia, as shown by a linear increase in the area under the curve for insulin. Furthermore, calves needed more time to control glycemia, as indicated by a linear increase in the maximal concentration of insulin. Consequently, there was a linear increase in area under the curve for glucose. Even though calves needed more time and higher insulin concentrations for 30% glucose inclusion and higher, the glucose-to-insulin ratio did not differ across treatments. However, high glucose inclusion levels in MR affected calf mortality and is not a suitable strategy for lactose replacement.
Prenatal and postnatal milk supplementation and adult insulin-like growth factor I: Long-term follow-up of a randomized controlled trial; Objective: Insulin-like growth factors (IGF) are increasingly recognized as important determinants of adult health, in particular risk of certain cancers. However, little is known about the determinants of adult IGFs and to what degree they may be programmed by early life influences.
Animal and management factors associated with weight gain in dairy calves and heifers on smallholder dairy farms in Kenya; Calf growth is an important determinant of dairy herd productivity, particularly in countries where the dairy industry is expanding, such as Kenya. Our objective was to determine factors associated with weight gain in randomly selected dairy calves and heifers in smallholder dairy farms (SDF) in Kenya.
Effect of dietary estrogens from bovine milk on blood hormone levels and reproductive organs in mice; Cows are often milked until 60 d before their next expected calving. Milk from cows in the third trimester of pregnancy contains up to 20 times more estrogens than milk from nonpregnant cows. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether exposure to known doses of estrogens from bovine milk could affect blood hormone levels in mice and influence their reproductive organs. This study was performed with 30 intact male and 30 ovariectomized female mice. Mice of each sex were randomly divided into 3 experimental groups, each with 6 animals of each sex, and a control group with 12 animals of each sex. The first experimental group received 4 mL of milk each day from a pregnant cow with natural estrone (E1) and 17 beta-estradiol (E2) in concentrations 0.093 and 0.065 ng/mL, respectively. The second experimental group received 4 mL of the same milk each day, with an added 10 ng/mL of both E1 and E2. The third experimental group received 4 mL of the same milk each day, with an added 100 ng/mL of both E1 and E2. The control group received no milk. After 8 d of treatment, mice were euthanized, blood was collected, and the uteruses, testes, and seminal vesicles were weighed. The results of our study demonstrated that consumption of native milk from a pregnant cow did not affect plasma E1 and E2 levels in either sex; uterine weight in females; or testosterone levels and testes and seminal vesicle weights in males. Similarly, we found no changes in the group that received the milk with an added 10 ng/mL of E1 and E2. We did observe elevated plasma estrogens in both sexes, increased uterus weight in females, and decreased plasma testosterone levels in males from the group that received milk with an added 100 ng/mL of E1 and E2. However, concentrations in the third group exceeded the physiological concentration of milk estrogens by 1,000 times, so it would be extremely unlikely to find such concentrations in native cow milk.
Temporal dynamics of dairy health and production in rural smallholder communities in Northern Vietnam; The objective of this field study was to describe the temporal pattern of dairy cattle health and production and associated risk factors in rural smallholder communities in northern Vietnam, one of the target areas of the government's dairy development programme. A total of 99 dairy farms (11 per commune) were recruited from 9 of 32 communes in Ba Vi District, Ha Tay Province, using random two-stage cluster sampling. All dairy cattle present on the selected farms were included. After the initial questionnaire survey was conducted, farms were visited to collect follow-up information at 3-monthly intervals over a period of one year. The results suggest that offtake as well as mortality are important productivity indices because farmers sell or slaughter dairy cattle that are in poor health at low prices during summer months. Changes in relation to the farming operation suggest that for the farmers adopting dairy production it has become one of the main agricultural activities.
Exclusive Breast Milk vs. Hybrid Milk Feeding for Preterm Babies-A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Time to Full Feeds; When breastmilk is insufficient to meet planned feed volumes, neonatologists need to continue parenteral nutrition (PN) or use formula. This trial conducted at a tertiary care unit in South India between August 2014 and April 2016 compared time to full feeds in preterms fed 'mother's milk alone(MM)' vs. 'hybrid feed-mother's milk supplemented with formula(HF)'. We also compared time to regain birth weights, duration of PN, feed intolerance, Necrotizing Enterocolitis stage 2 or more, all-cause mortality, Extrauterine growth restriction, Healthcare associated infections, exclusive breast milk feeding rates at discharge, Retinopathy of prematurity requiring laser therapy, abnormal neurosonogram and oxygen dependency at 28 days. Neonates between 27 and 32 weeks were randomized into MM/HF when breast milk was insufficient. HF received formula to reach targeted feed volumes. MM received more PN to meet fluid requirements. 54 babies were analyzed in MM and 58 in HF. Time to full feeds were similar-MM (14.14 days); HF (13.5 +/- 4 days), p=0.45. Exclusive breast milk feeding rates at discharge were higher in MM when compared to HF (74% vs. 51%). Other secondary outcomes were similar between groups. When mother's milk is unavailable in sufficient quantities, preterm babies may receive hybrid feeds.
Estimated healthcare savings associated with adequate dairy food intake; Medical literature that has coalesced during the past two to three decades has identified adequate intake of nutrients from dairy foods as a common factor in the reduction of the disease burden of several common medical conditions. These include obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, osteoporosis, kidney stones, certain outcomes of pregnancy, and some cancers. Treatment of these disorders, particularly cardiovascular, consumes a significant portion of the United States' healthcare budget. Drawing on accumulated data from prospective longitudinal studies and randomized controlled trials, this article summarizes the evidence of the net benefits of increased dairy food intake on these conditions, their outcomes, and their costs. Estimated improvements in outcomes were combined with available data on annual costs of the respective disorders. From the calculated annual impact, we generated first-year and fifth-year healthcare cost savings that would accrue if adult Americans simply increased their intake of dairy foods to the currently recommended 3 to 4 servings/d. Using conservative estimates of potential benefit, we project first-year savings of approximately $26 billion and 5-year cumulative savings in excess of $200 billion. (C) 2004 American Journal of Hypertension, Ltd.
Local anesthesia in transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy:: EMLA cream as a new alternative technique; Objectives. The aims of the present study were to evaluate the efficacy of eutectic mixture of local anesthetics ( EMLA) cream in transrectal-guided prostate biopsy and to compare its effect with that of other injectable anesthetic procedures. Material and methods. Eighty male patients with prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels >4 ng/ml or who had prostate nodules on digital rectal examination were randomly divided into four groups. In Group 1 ( controls), prostate biopsy was performed after application of a placebo cream. In Group 2, local surface anesthesia with EMLA cream was performed 15 min before biopsy. Periprosthetic nerve blockade was performed with 1% prilocaine and 1% lidocaine in Groups 3 and 4, respectively. Pain was evaluated using a visual analog scale (VAS) after each core biopsy. In addition, blood pressure, heart rate and oxygen saturations were recorded after each biopsy and then at 5-min intervals for 15 min. Results. Average VAS scores in Groups 1-4 were 5.5, 2.9, 2.4 and 2.2, respectively. There was a statistically significant difference in VAS scores between the treatment groups and the placebo group (p=0.000). There were no statistically significant differences in VAS scores between the three treatment groups (p(2-3) = 0.126, p(2-4) = 0.303, p(3-4) = 0.537). We detected no statistically significant differences between the groups based on the hemodynamic data (p(MAP) = 0.899). Moreover, these measurements did not show statistically significant changes with time in any of the groups (p > 0. 05). Conclusion. Intrarectal application of EMLA cream provides equal anesthesia to periprostatic nerve blockade with prilocaine and lidocaine.
FREQUENCY OF CARDIOVASCULAR RISK FACTORS AMONG DAIRY WORKERS; Objective: To find out frequency of various risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in dairy workers
Effects of dietary rumen-protected choline supplementation to periparturient dairy cattle on inflammation, metabolism, and performance during an intramammary lipopolysaccharide challenge; Recent studies have suggested that dietary rumen protected choline (RPC) supplementation can modulate immune function, attenuate inflammation, and improve performance in periparturient dairy cattle; however, this has yet to be evaluated during a mastitis challenge. Therefore, the objective of this study was to examine the effects of supplementation and dose of RPC on metabolism, inflammation, and performance during an intramammary lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge. Parous Holstein cows (parity, mean +/- SD, 1.9 +/- 1.1 at enrollment) were blocked by calving month and randomly assigned within block to receive either 45 g/d of RPC (20.4 g/d of choline ions; CHOL45, n = 18), 30 g/d of RPC (13.6 g/d of choline ions; CHOL30, n = 21), or no RPC (CON, n = 19) as a top-dress starting 24 d before expected calving until 21 d postpartum. Cows were alternately assigned within treatment group to either receive an intramammary LPS challenge (200 mu g in each rear quarter; Escherichia coli O111:B4) or not at 17 DIM. Before the challenge, CHOL45 and CHOL30 cows produced 3.4 and 3.8 (+/- 1.2 SED) kg/d more milk than CON, respectively. Dietary RPC supplementation did not mitigate the milk loss associated with the intramammary LPS challenge; however, CHOL45 and CHOL30 cows produced 3.1 and 3.5 (+/- 1.4 SED) kg/d more milk than CON, respectively in the carryover period (22 to 84 DIM). Dietary RPC supplementation enhanced plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) concentrations before the LPS challenge, and increased plasma nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and acetylcarnitine concentrations during the LPS challenge, potentially reflecting greater adipose tissue mobilization, fatty acid transport and oxidation. Aside from trimethylamine N-oxide and sarcosine, which were increased in CHOL45-LPS as compared with CON-LPS, most other choline metabolite concentrations in plasma were unaffected by treatment, likely because more choline was being secreted in milk. Plasma lactic acid concentrations were decreased in CHOL45-LPS and CHOL30-LPS as compared with CON-LPS, suggesting a reduction in glycolysis or an enhancement in the flux through the lactic acid cycle to support gluconeogenesis. Plasma concentrations of fumaric acid, a byproduct of AA catabolism and the urea cycle, were increased in both choline groups as compared with CON-LPS during the LPS challenge. Cows in the CHOL45 group had greater plasma antioxidant potential before the LPS challenge and reduced plasma methionine sulfoxide concentrations during the LPS challenge compared with CON-LPS, suggesting an improvement in oxidant status. Nevertheless, concentrations of inflammatory markers such as haptoglobin and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) were not affected by treatment. Taken together, our data suggest that the effects of dietary RPC supplementation on milk yield could be mediated through metabolic pathways and are unlikely to be related to the resolution of inflammation in periparturient dairy cattle. Lastly, dose responses to dietary RPC supplementation were not found for various economically important outcomes including milk yield, limiting the justification for feeding a greater dietary RPC dose in industry.
Yogurt Intake Reduces All-Cause and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: A Meta-Analysis of Eight Prospective Cohort Studies; Objective To assess the relationship between yogurt intake and mortality risk from prospective cohort studies. Methods The PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases were searched for all records related to yogurt intake and mortality risk [all-cause or cardiovascular disease (CVD) or cancer mortality] before October 1, 2018. The Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Scale was used to estimate the quality of all eligible articles. The results of the highest and lowest categories of yogurt intake in each study were collected and the effect size was pooled using a random effects model. The dose-response analysis was calculated using the generalized least squares trend estimation model. Results Eight eligible cohort studies were included in this meta-analysis. There were 235,676 participants in the 8 studies, and the number of deaths was 14,831. Compared with the lowest category, the highest category of yogurt intake was not significantly related with all-cause mortality [hazard ratio (HR)=0.93; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.85, 1.01], CVD mortality (HR=0.92; 95% CI: 0.81, 1.03) and cancer mortality (HR=0.97; 95% CI: 0.83, 1.12). These studies were homogenous, since the homogeneity test showed that I-2 was 28.7%, 15.1% and 11.8%, respectively. However, yogurt intake > 200 g/d was significantly associated with a lower all-cause mortality (HR=0.88; 95% CI: 0.80, 0.96) and CVD mortality (HR=0.87; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.99) in the subgroup analysis. The dose-response analysis showed that yogurt intake of 200 g/d was inversely associated with all-cause mortality (P=0.041, HR=0.95, 95% CI: 0.92, 1.00) and CVD mortality (P=0.009, HR=0.92, 95% CI: 0.86, 0.98), and all of which were linear relationship (P>0.05). Conclusions This review provided the evidence regarding yogurt intake can reduce all-cause and CVD mortality. Although some positive findings were identified, more high-quality cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are warranted on a possible protective effect of yoghurt on health.
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol; Objective: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90-95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidence on their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer.
Standardized analysis of German cattle mortality using national register data; In a retrospective cohort study of national register data, 1946 randomly selected holdings, with 286,912 individual cattle accumulating 170,416 animal-years were analyzed. The sample was considered to represent the national herd in Germany 2012. Within each holding, individual cattle records were stratified by current age (<= 21 days, 3-6 weeks, 6-12 weeks, 3-6 months, 6-12 months, 1-2, 2-4, 4-8, and >8 years), sex, breed (intensive milk, less intensive milk, and beef), and mean monthly air temperature (<10 degrees C and >= 10 degrees C). Holdings were categorized by size (<100 and >= 100 animal-years), calving rate, slaughter rate, and federal state. 8027 on-site deaths (excluding slaughter for human consumption) were recorded, with cattle aged <6 months, 6-24 months, and >2 years contributing 50.0%, 15.4%, and 34.6% of deaths, respectively. Poisson regression and generalized estimating equations (gee) accounting for intra-herd clustering were used to model the number of deaths. In both models, most age bands differed significantly, with highest rates in calves <= 21 days, falling to lowest rates in 1-2 year olds, and rising again thereafter in females. Males exhibited higher mortality than females from birth to 2 years. All breed categories differed significantly with lowest rates in beef and highest in intensive milk breeds. Larger holdings, temperatures <= 10 degrees C, calving rates >0-0.5 per animal year were all associated with higher mortality. Via interaction, intensive and less intensive milk breed cattle aging 6 weeks to 6 months and intensive milk breed females >4 years were associated with higher mortality. There were no significant differences between federal states and slaughter rates. The standardized deviations of modeled dead cattle numbers from occurred deaths per calendar year per holding were calculated and a 95% reference range of deviations constructed. This approach makes a standardized active monitoring and surveillance system regardless of herd size possible, offering a useful, inexpensive and easy implementable aid in the detection of holdings deviant from mortality levels of the national herd. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
MANAGEMENT OF GENITAL WARTS IN WOMEN WITH HUMAN-LEUKOCYTE INTERFERON-ALPHA VS PODOPHYLLOTOXIN IN CREAM - A PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, DOUBLE-BLIND, COMPARATIVE-STUDY; The purpose of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, comparative study was to evaluate the specific clinical efficacy and tolerance of human leukocyte interferon-alpha (2x10(6) IU/g) and podophyllotoxin 0.5% incorporated in a hydrophilic cream to cure genital warts. Preselected Asian women (n=60) aged 18-40 years (mean 22.9), with a clinical and biopsy-confirmed diagnosis of genital warts, harboring 322 lesions (mean 5.36) were randomly assigned to three parallel groups to receive one of the two test drugs or placebo. Each patient received a preceded tube (40 g) containing either human leukocyte interferon-alpha, podophyllotoxin, or identically appearing placebo cream for 3 days' usage. In addition to written instructions, each subject was shown how to apply a minimal amount of trial medication on their lesions thrice daily for 3 consecutive days per week (maximum nine topical applications per week). Patients were examined on a weekly basis, and a cure was considered to be a biopsy-confirmed, total elimination of a lesion. Moreover, patients cured during the study period were spared further therapy, and were requested to return in 16 weeks to monitor for the occurrence of a relapse. The remaining patients' empty tubes were collected, and similarly preceded replacement tubes were given to continue the treatment; a total of 214 tubes were used. The study was scheduled for 16 weeks with 4 weeks of active treatment. Individuals were excluded from the study due to pregnancy, breast feeding, or the receiving of any type of antiviral therapy during the 4 weeks preceding enrollment. Better results were obtained with leukocyte interferon-alpha cream than with podophyllotoxin both in terms of the number of cured patients (18/20 vs. 12/20, or 90% vs. 60%; P<0.0285) and the number of eliminated lesions (105/110 vs. 87/108, or 95.5% vs. 80.5%; P<0.001. In the placebo group 4/20 (20%) patients were cured, indicating lower results. Out of the 60 patients 51 (85%) complained of no drug-related symptomatic side effects. However, the most frequent nonobjective adverse symptoms experienced by the patients were mild tenderness 4/60 (6.6%), burning sensation 3/60 (5%), and transitory increase in body temperature (>38 degrees C) accompanied by headache and itching 2/60 (3.3%). None of the patients suffering from these side effects elected to discontinue the study. The patients were evaluated for 1 year after the initial visit, and among the 34/60 (56.6%) cured patients two had a relapse after 9 months. In conclusion, the clinical results of this study demonstrate that leukocyte inter feron-alpha (2x10(6) IU/g) is more efficacious than 0.5% podophyllotoxin and placebo in hydrophilic cream, and substantiates that along with mild, nonobjective, transient, localized, adverse symptoms, human leukocyte alpha-interferon therapy is more effective and better than podophyllotoxin in cream for curing genital warts in women
An economic analysis of losses of dairy cattle in Hungary; The cost of disease incidence and prophylaxis of dairy cattle were analyzed. A random sample of 7 large dairy herds in Hungary was studied from 1989 to 1993. Different costs associated with clinical incidence of diseases and prophylactic measures were estimated per cow. About 91% of total disease cost was incurred for the disease incidence cost and the rest was for prophylactic measures. Udder disease category was the most costly category followed by the surgical diseases. Culling loss accounted for about 61% of the disease incidence cost followed by death loss of 28%. About 86% of the total prevention cost was expended for drugs and biologicals. Adequate care and attention must be advocated to avoid the mounting losses from the udder diseases with strict hygienic measures.
Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment; Background
Selenized milk casein in the diet of BALB/c nude mice reduces growth of intramammary MCF-7 tumors; Background: Dietary selenium has the potential to reduce growth of mammary tumors. Increasing the Se content of cows' milk proteins is a potentially effective means to increase Se intake in humans. We investigate the effects of selenized milk protein on human mammary tumor progression in immunodeficient BALB/c nude mice.
Topical cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in women with breast cancer: a clinical trial protocol; Objective: Little is known about the efficacy of products aiming to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90-95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidenceon their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the effects of applying a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer.
Epizootics of bovine ephemeral fever on dairy farms in Saudi Arabia; In 1990 and 1996, field veterinarians suspected the clinical occurrence of bovine ephemeral fever among dairy and conventional cattle in different regions of Saudi Arabia. The disease has a seasonal occurrence; it begins in early summer (May) and ends in late autumn (November). The mortality rate is low. 0.3% to 0.6%. The morbidity rate ranged from 5% to 61% within the different age groups of one affected herd in the 1996 outbreaks and from 3.4% to 19% among four affected herds in the 1990 outbreaks. A sudden sharp drop in milk production occurred in lactating animals, some of which had become dry by the end of the outbreaks.
Field evaluation of a Mycoplasma bovis bacterin in young dairy calves; Mycoplasma bovis is an important cause of pneumonia, otitis media and arthritis in young dairy calves, and there is a critical need for improved preventative strategies for this pathogen. We conducted a randomized, placebo-control led, double-blinded field trial to determine the efficacy of a commercial M. bovis vaccine for the prevention of M. bovis-associated disease in calves. Calves (n = 373) on 3 Florida dairies with a history of M. bovis infection received all M. bovis bacterin or a placebo, administered subcutaneously at 3, 14 and 35 days of age. One of the herds did not experience M. bovis-associated disease: for calves in the remaining 2 herds, the incidence risk for respiratory disease, otitis media and arthritis from 3 to 90 days of age was 0.64, 0.28 and 0.02, respectively. Vaccination had no effect on the age at first treatment for M. bovis-associated disease, incidence of respiratory disease, mortality, weight gain, or nasal colonization with M. bovis in the first 90 days of life. In one herd, vaccination was associated with an increased risk of otitis media. There was no association between M. bovis-specific serum antibody titers and morbidity in vaccinated calves. Under the field conditions in this study, this vaccine was not efficacious for the prevention of M. bovis-associated disease in young dairy calves. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet: influence on cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of fecal water - potential risk factors for colon cancer; Several epidemiologic studies have suggested that dairy product intake is associated with a decreased incidence of colon cancer. To determine whether the cytotoxicity and genotoxicity of the aqueous portion of human stool (two potential risk markers for the disease) were affected by a change in dairy product intake, 18 healthy male and female volunteers were randomly divided into two groups. In a crossover design, the volunteers shifted from their normal dairy product-rich diet to a dairy product-free diet. Nutritional analysis of the food consumed during the study period showed a significant decrease in energy intake from 9000 to 7866 kJ/d because of a decreased intake of protein and fat. Carbohydrate and fiber intakes remained unchanged during the intervention. Calcium intake decreased significantly from 1488 to 372 mg/d, with similar significant decreases in phosphate and vitamin D intakes. Cytotoxicity of fecal water, analyzed by the HT-29 cytotoxicity assay, indicated a significant decrease in cell survival from 34% to 20% when dairy products were excluded from the participants' diets. Single-cell gel electrophoresis (COMET assay), used to analyze genotoxicity of fecal waters, indicated no differences brought about by the dietary intervention. In conclusion, our findings indicate that a shift from a dairy product-rich to a dairy product-free diet resulted in a significant effect on an accepted risk marker for colon cancer and may suggest that the mechanism by which dairy products are protective is at the level of tumor promotion rather than initiation.
Modulation of abnormal colonic epithelial cell proliferation and differentiation by low-fat dairy foods - A randomized controlled trial; Context.-Before the development of human colonic neoplasms, colonic epithelial cells showed altered growth and differentiation. These alterations characterized mucosa at risk for cancer formation and were termed intermediate biomarkers of risk. Modifications of the mucosa toward more normal features by nutrients or drugs are putative approaches to chemoprevention of colon cancer.
Optimizing the growth and immune system of dairy calves by subdividing the pre-weaning period and providing different milk volumes for each stage; In systematically considering the advantages and disadvantages of complementarity in high or low milk feeding, novel milk feeding schemes involving altering the volume of supplied milk in different stages of the pre-weaning period but maintaining the total milk feeding volume were tested. Twenty-seven newborn male Holstein calves were selected and randomly assigned to 3 treatments. Calves in the control (CON) group were fed 7 L of milk daily from 4 to 66 d of age. Calves in the low-high (LH) group were fed 6 L of milk daily at the beginning, and then the daily feeding volume was later increased to 7 to 8 L of milk, which served as the early-period low-volume feeding group. The calves in the high-low (HL) group were fed 7 to 8 L daily at the beginning, and then the daily feeding volume was decreased to 6 L of milk, which served as the early-period high-volume feeding group. Then all calves were fed 3 L of milk daily from 67 to 70 d of age, weaned at 70 d of age, and then fed starter feed to 100 d of age. All calves had access to the starter feed from 15 to 100 d of age. The diarrheal condition of calves was recorded daily and the growth performance including the starter feed intake and body weight of calves was recorded at 70 and 100 d of age. Then, five 100-d-old calves from each treatment were sampled for measurement of plasma indices, ruminal morphology, and volatile fatty acids. When compared with the CON and LH groups, calves in the HL group exhibited a significantly increased body weight and lower diarrhoeal rate. When compared with the CON group, calves in the HL group exhibited a significantly increased average daily feed intake, ruminal epithelium papillae length, total volatile fatty acids, and percentages of propionate and butyrate. Moreover, the significantly increased plasma immunoglobulin G (IgG) content and a trend of decreased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) content (P = 0.083) were also identified in the HL group when compared with the CON group. Overall, the early-period high-volume feeding for calves produced greater body weight gain and a lower incidence of diarrhea. (C) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd.
Effects of heat stress abatement on systemic and mammary inflammation in lactating dairy cows; To examine the effects of evaporative cooling on systemic and mammary inflammation of lactating dairy cows, 30 multiparous Holstein cows (parity = 2.4, 156 d in milk) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments: cooling (CL) with fans and misters or not (NC). The experiment was divided into a 10-d baseline when all cows were cooled, followed by a 36-d environmental challenge when cooling was terminated for NC cows. The onset of environmental challenge was considered as d 1. Temperature-humidity index averaged 78.4 during the environmental challenge. Milk yield and dry matter intake (DMI) were recorded daily. Blood and milk samples were collected from a subset of cows (n = 9/treatment) on d -3, 1, 3, 7, 14, and 28 of the experiment to measure cortisol, interleukin 10 (IL10), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), haptoglobin, and lipopolysaccharide binding protein (LBP). Mammary biopsies were collected from a second subset of cows (n = 6/treatment) on d -9, 2, 10, and 36 to analyze gene expression of cytokines and haptoglobin. A subset of cows (n = 7/treatment) who were not subjected to mammary biopsy collection received a bolus of lipo-polysaccharides (LPS) in the left rear quarter on d 30 of the experiment. Blood was sampled from cows and milk samples from the LPS-infused quarter were collected at -4, 0, 3, 6, 12, 24, 48, and 96 h relative to infusion, for analyses of inflammatory products. Deprivation of cooling decreased milk yield and DMI. Compared with CL cows, plasma cortisol concentration of NC cows was higher on d 1 but lower on d 28 of the experiment (cooling x time). Deprivation of cooling did not affect circulating TNF-alpha, IL10, haptoglobin, or LBP. Compared with CL cows, NC cows tended to have higher milk IL10 concentrations but did not show effects in TNF-alpha, haptoglobin, or LBP. No differences were observed in mammary tissue gene expression of TNF-alpha, IL10, and haptoglobin. Milk yield declined after LPS infusion but was not affected by treatment. Compared with CL cows, NC cows had greater milk somatic cell count following intramammary LPS infusion. Non-cooled cows had lower circulating TNF-alpha and IL10 concentrations and tended to have lower circulating haptoglobin concentrations than CL cows. Milk IL10 and TNF-alpha concentrations were higher 3 h after LPS infusion for NC cows compared with CL cows. Additionally, NC cows tended to have higher milk haptoglobin concentration after LPS infusion than CL cows. In conclusion, deprivation of evaporative cooling had minimal effects on lactating cows' basal inflammatory status, but upregulated mammary inflammatory responses after intramammary LPS infusion.
The effect of an organic rumen-protected fat supplement on performance, metabolic status, and health of dairy cows; Background: Negative energy balance during the transition period is a concern for both conventional and certified organic dairy systems. During early lactation, supplemental strategies are used to cope with nutrient deficiencies that are associated with impaired health, production, and reproduction. As organic certified dairies in the United States face restricted access to dietary supplements, the evaluation of products especially formulated for organic production is needed. Our objective was to assess the effect of supplementing 0.45 kg/d of an organic rumen-protected fat (RPF) on health, metabolic status, and productive and reproductive performance of organic certified Holstein cows from 1 to 150 days in milk (DIM). Two-hundred and two cows were enrolled in a randomized blocked controlled trial conducted from January to July 2017 in a certified organic dairy located in Northern Colorado (USA). Two groups were randomly assigned to be individually supplemented with organic RPF (ORG; n = 100) or control pellets (CON; n = 102) once per day, in addition to the total mixed ration (TMR). Outcomes of interest included milk yield (kg/d) and milk components, serum concentration of glucose, and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), resumption of cyclicity, time-to-first artificial insemination (AI), conception at first AI, and conception within 150 DIM, disease occurrence, culling, mortality.
Protective effects of zymosan on heat stress-induced immunosuppression and apoptosis in dairy cows and peripheral blood mononuclear cells; Dairy cows exposed to heat stress (HS) show decreased performance and immunity, but increased heat shock protein expressions and apoptosis. Zymosan, an extract from yeast cell walls, has been shown to modulate immune responses and defense against oxidative stress. However, few literatures are available about the effects of zymosan on immune responses and other parameters of the dairy cows under HS. Here, both primary peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) and dairy cow models were established to assess the effects of zymosan on performance, immunity, heat shock protein, and apoptosis-related gene expressions of dairy cows under HS. In vitro study showed that proliferation, IL-2 production, and Bcl-2/Bax-alpha ratio of cow primary PBMC were reduced, whereas hsp70 mRNA and protein expressions, as well as Annexin V-bing, were increased when PBMCs were exposed to heat. In contrast, zymosan significantly reversed these above changes induced by the HS. In the in vivo study, 40 Holstein dairy cows were randomly selected and assigned into zymosan group (supplemental zymosan; n = 20) and control group (no supplemental zymosan, n = 20). The results showed that zymosan improved significantly the dry matter intake and milk yield, increased IgA, IL-2, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) contents in sera, as well as hepatic Bcl-2/Bax-alpha ratio, but decreased respiration rate and hepatic hsp70 expressions in the dairy cows under HS. Taken together, zymosan could alleviate HS-induced immunosuppression and apoptosis and improve significantly the productive performance and immunity of dairy cows under HS.
Daily milk consumption and all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease and stroke: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational cohort studies; Background: Observational studies and meta-analyses relating milk consumption by adults to all-cause mortality, coronary heart disease and stroke have obtained contradictory results. Some studies found a protective effect of milk consumption, whilst other found an increased risk.
<i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> <i>boulardii</i> CNCM I-1079 affects health, growth, and fecal microbiota in milk-fed veal calves; The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of one specific strain of yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii CNCM I-1079 (SCB), on the growth performance, health, and fecal bacterial profile of veal calves. A total of 84 animals were enrolled in an experiment at a commercial veal farm for a total of 7 wk. Calves were fed twice a day with a milk replacer meal during the entire experiment and were randomly assigned to receive daily either SCB supplementation (10 x 10(9) cfu/d) or a placebo (CON). Individual feed intake and body weight were monitored on a daily and weekly basis, respectively. Fecal samples were collected at arrival to the veal facility (wk 0) and additional samples were taken on d 14 (wk 2) and d 49 (wk 7). These samples were subjected to 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing using Illumina MiSeq (Illumina Inc., San Diego, CA) to examine the bacterial profiles and real-time quantitative PCR to quantify Saccharomyces cerevisiae and specific bacterial groups. The significant increase of S. cerevisiae in the feces of SCB calves at wk 2 and 7 compared with wk 0 (respectively 1.7 x 10(7), 1.2 x 10(7), and 2.2 x 10(5) copy number of S. cerevisiae/g of feces) indicates a good survival of that yeast strain along the gastrointestinal tract. Supplementation of SCB did not improve overall growth performance with regard to average daily gain (ADG), final body weight, and feed intake. Nevertheless, a total of 69.1% of nonsupplemented calves had diarrhea and 28.6% experienced severe diarrhea, whereas 50.0% of the calves supplemented with SCB had diarrhea and 9.5% experienced severe diarrhea. With respect to antibiotic use, 89.7% of the diarrheic calves recorded in the CON group were treated, whereas only 66.7% of the SCB diarrheic calves received an antibiotic. In addition, diarrheic calves supplemented with SCB maintained an ADG similar to nondiarrheic animals, whereas the CON diarrheic calves had a significantly lower ADG in comparison with nondiarrheic CON calves. Fecalibacterium was the most predominant bacterial genus in fecal samples of nondiarrheic and diarrheic calves supplemented with SCB, whereas fecal microbiota was predominated by Collinsella in diarrheic calves from the CON group. Live yeast supplementation in milk replacer led to a decrease of diarrhea in milk-fed veal calves and the fecal microbiota of diarrheic calves maintained a healthy community similar to nondiarrheic animals, with Fecalibacterium being the predominant genus.
Using a national dairy database to identify herds with poor welfare; This research project was carried out by the Swedish Dairy Association as part of the development of a 'Scheme for Animal Welfare'. As a first step, on-form, animal-based measurements on calves, young stock and cows in 55 randomly selected herds were performed. Nine animal-based measurements formed the basis for a classification of welfare at the herd level: cleanliness and body condition in calves, cows and young stock, in combination with lameness, injuries/inflammations and rising behaviour which were recorded for cows only. The threshold (gold standard) for being a case herd with poor welfare, was a score lying among the worst 10% on two or more of the nine welfare measurements. Thirteen of the 55 herds were cases fitting this criterion. As a second step, 65 potential welfare indicators from seven different focus areas in a pre-collected data register were identified by expert opinion. In the final step, the extent to which suggested potential welfare indicators predicted forms' risk of having poor welfare according to the definition was assessed. The final set of welfare indicators, taken from the national dairy database, included two fertility measures and calf mortality, and it correctly classified 77% of the herds, with a sensitivity of 0.62. The inclusion of cow and young stock mortality led to it correctly classifying 76% of the herds with a sensitivity of 0.77. We propose that this approach could be useful in helping to allocate advisory services to forms at risk of poor welfare.
Testing the acceptability and feasibility of a tablet-based supportive cancer platform for patients with metastatic breast cancer; Background Although metastatic breast cancer (MBC) survival is improving, symptoms remain a significant burden. Returning to a cancer center for symptom management can be challenging. Technology-enabled supportive care platforms are worth exploration. Methods Seventeen patients with MBC were randomized to immediate or delayed start for a 3-month intervention that included daily tablet-based guideline-concordant self-care for pain, distress, fatigue, and sleep disturbance, as well as weekly calls with a patient navigator. The primary outcome was patient acceptability. We also assessed feasibility, patient satisfaction, and cost and compared between group differences for symptoms. RM-ANOVA examined between group differences over time. Hedges' d effect sizes quantified magnitude of differences in change between immediate and delayed start. Results Sixty-eight percent of patients approached accepted the tablet-based intervention. Patients interacted with the tablet 48% of possible days. Patient satisfaction ranged from 83 for walking to 49% for the psychological interventions. The cost of delivering Nurse AMIE for 3 months was $570.23. Small nonsignificant improvements were found for fatigue (d=0.24). Nonsignificant, but potentially clinically meaningful, moderate reductions were found for sleep (d=0.65) and distress (d=0.74). Discussion A tablet-based supportive care platform that offers guideline-concordant self-care for pain, fatigue, sleep, and distress was observed to be highly acceptable and feasible for patients with metastatic breast cancer. Patient satisfaction scores and initial evaluation of efficacy are promising, and the platform warrants further investigation. Implications for Cancer Survivors Technology-based self-care is a promising option to address symptoms in patients with metastatic breast cancer.
The association between dairy food intake and the incidence of diabetes in Australia: the Australian Diabetes Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab); Objective: Several studies have suggested that dairy food may reduce the risk of obesity and metabolic abnormalities but few have been able to conclusively demonstrate that it reduces the risk of diabetes. The aim of the present analysis was to investigate if dairy food intake independently reduces the risk of diabetes.
SKIN PROTECTION BY SUCRALFATE CREAM DURING ELECTRON-BEAM THERAPY; Acute skin reactions, such as erythema and moist desquamation, constitute major problems during radiotherapy of superficially located tumours. There are no drugs available for the skin care. Sucralfate, a widely used anti-ulcer drug, has anti-inflammatory properties, and it activates cell proliferation. Based on these data and our previous experience of sucralfate cream on the aging skin we performed a double-blind randomized study to compare the efficacy of sucralfate cream to a base cream in 50 breast cancer patients receiving postoperative electron beam therapy to their chest wall. The acute radiation reaction of the skin was statistically significantly prevented by the sucralfate cream. The recovery of the skin was also significantly faster in the sucralfate cream group. Side-effects due to the cream were rare.
Influence of parturition and diets enriched in n-3 or n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on immune response of dairy cows during the transition period; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the functional properties of immunocompetent cells in dairy cows fed diets enriched in n-3 or n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids during the transition period. Six weeks before calving, 21 primiparous and 27 multiparous pregnant Holstein dairy cows were randomly allotted to 1 of 3 dietary fat treatments: calcium salts of palm oil (Megalac), micronized soybeans, or whole flaxseed, which are, respectively, rich in saturated, n-6, or n-3 fatty acids. On wk 6 and 3 before parturition, cows received a subcutaneous injection of ovalbumin to measure the antibody response in colostrum and serum. Colostrum samples were collected at the first milking after calving, and blood samples were taken 6, 3, and 1 wk before the expected calving date and 1, 3, and 6 wk after calving. Blood mononuclear cells were cultured to evaluate the proliferative response to concanavalin A and the in vitro productions of interferon-gamma, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide, and prostaglandin E-2. The serum antibody response to ovalbumin was unaffected by dietary fatty acids, but the response was lower in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows. A significant diet x parity interaction indicated that colostral antibody level against ovalbumin was significantly higher in multiparous cows fed soybeans than in those fed flaxseed or Megalac; there was no difference among treatments for primiparous cows. The lymphocyte response to concanavalin A was lower in cows fed soybeans than in those receiving flaxseed or Megalac when the cells were incubated with autologous serum. The proliferative response of mononuclear cells incubated with autologous serum was suppressed in the 1st wk after calving in both primiparous and multiparous cows, and multiparous cows showed a higher response than primiparous cows throughout the experiment. There was a significant interaction between parity and diet as a result of a greater production of interferon-gamma by mononuclear cells incubated with autologous serum in multiparous cows than in primiparous cows fed flaxseed; there was no difference among cows fed the other diets. Interferon-gamma production was reduced around calving while the inverse was observed for productions of nitric oxide and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Productions of nitric oxide, prostaglandin E-2, and tumor necrosis factor-gamma were greater in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows. In conclusion, functional properties of lymphocytes and monocyte/macrophage lineage of dairy cows during the transition period are modulated by parturition and the composition of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet.
RELATIONSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL MEASURES AMONG DAIRY HERDS IN VIRGINIA; Owners of 74 dairy herds (58 DH) chosen randomly from nine percentiles of size and production per cow were surveyed personally for management characteristics not available in DHI records, including financial including financial information. Management variables were related to production and financial measures on a per cow basis. Variables contributing to production per cow were parlor milking (+680 kg), regular herd health care (+448 kg), and corn silage as primary forage (+480 kg). Contributing to net cash income per cow were estrus detection aids (+$147), silages (-$470), high moisture corn (+$64), and feed analysis (+$227). Herringbone parlors were associated with 7% more frequent severe mastitis, which was reduced by .9% for each milking recommendation practiced. Estrus detection aids reduced days open by 11 d. Lowest calf mortality to freshening was 8.4% for calves housed individually in cold housing and weaned before 7 wk of age. Income minus feed cost from  survey and DHI were similar but lowly correlated (.35). Net cash income per cow was largest in large herds ($951) and smallest in medium-sized high producing herds ($308). Purchased feed accounted for 42% of expenses and 46% of variation in expenses. The DHI herds had $644/cow more debt than non-DHI herds but $991/cow more 5-yr debt capacity.
Milk tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1β), interferon (IFN-γ) and oxidative stress markers as new indicators for fascioliasis in dairy water buffaloes; Sixty Bubaline milk samples with corresponding blood samples were obtained from flocks at random in Cairo and Giza Governorates. The aerobic bacteria & somatic cells were counted and evaluated the physicochemical parameters of milk. Both milk and serum of buffaloes' were evaluated for tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), and interferon (IFN-gamma) by quantitative real-time PCR protocol, and oxidative stress markers were measured spectrophotometrically. There was a significant difference (p < 0.05) between the mean values of whole milk physicochemical aspects except the moisture % & pH values were recorded for infested and non-infested animals. For F. gigantica infested animals, the milk TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, interferon IFN-gamma, malondialdehyde (MDA), and total antioxidant capacity (TAC) values were 17.5 +/- 0.67, 18.5 +/- 0.71, 19.25 +/- 0.74, 7.75 +/- 0.29, and 1.1 +/- 0.04, respectively (lesser than serum values) with a significant difference (p < 0.05) between positive and negative samples for both examined serum and milk samples. There was also a significant (p < 0.05) negative relationship between MSCC & fat% and protein%, while a significant (p < 0.05) positive relationship between MSCC and the investigated milk cytokines in F. gigantica infested animals. This study is considered one of the fewest investigations of milk cytokines and oxidative stress markers in buffaloes fascioliasis diagnosis. Meanwhile, monitoring these genes modification that is active in the milk-producing gland is significant to typify the act technicality of the inherited immunity that helps the progress of schemes to retain the udder health.
The Effect of Topical Vitamin K1 on the Treatment of Cetuximab-Induced Skin Rashes in Metastatic Colorectal Cancer Patients; Background: Considering the prevalence of cetuximab-induced rashes in colorectal cancer patients and its impact on patient's quality of life and treatment, this study aimed at investigating the effect of topical vitamin K1 on the treatment of skin rashes in metastatic colorectal cancer patients treated with cetuximab.
HUMAN-LEUKOCYTE INTERFERON-ALPHA VERSUS PODOPHYLLOTOXIN IN CREAM FOR THE TREATMENT OF GENITAL WARTS IN MALES - A PLACEBO-CONTROLLED, DOUBLE-BLIND, COMPARATIVE-STUDY; Background: The incidence of overt genital warts, a common sexually transmitted disease of high prevalence, has been on the rise for the last few years. The infection is caused by several types of human papillomaviruses (HPVs), some of which have been accepted as a factor in the pathogenesis of genital squamous-cell carcinomas. Objective: The aim of this double-blind, placebo-controlled study was to compare and evidence differences in clinical efficacy and tolerance between human leukocyte interferon-alpha (2x10(6) IU/g) and podophyllotoxin (0.5%), incorporated in a hydrophilic cream base to cure genital warts in Asian males. Methods: Sixty patients, circumcised, who ranged in age from 18 to 40 years (mean 25.0), diagnosed with the evidence of penoscopy and HPV DNA (Southern dot blot) as harboring 396 lesions (mean 6.6), were randomized to three parallel groups. Each subject was allocated a preceded tube (40 g) containing one of two trial preparations or matching placebo for 3 days' (consecutive) usage, thrice daily. The study lasted 16 weeks with 4 weeks of active treatment. The patients were examined on a weekly basis, and a clinically and HPV-DNA-confirmed total regression of lesions was recorded as cured. Patients cured during the treatment were spared further therapy and were requested to visit us as scheduled for poststudy follow-up. Results: Findings indicated that patients treated with leukocyte interferon-alpha cream had shown comparatively better results than the podophyllotoxin-treated group (90 vs. 55%, p < 0.0285) or the placebo group (15%). Mild and transient localized erythema (8.3%), burning sensation (6.6%) and transitory increase in body temperature (> 38 degrees C; 6.6%) were the most frequent adverse symptoms with no dropout. The study was followed up for 1 year, and out of 32/60 (53.3%) cured patients 3 had a relapse after 10 months. Conclusion: Leukocyte interferon-alpha (2x10(6) IU/g) has shown comparatively better results than 0.5% podophyllotoxin and placebo in a hydrophilic cream base, thus leukocyte interferon-alpha in cream may provide an alternative and effective regimen to treat genital warts in males.
Probiotic Soy Milk Consumption and Renal Function Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Nephropathy: a Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is one the most important complications of diabetes leading to end-stage renal disease. Dietary approaches have been considered to control of the kidney function deterioration among these patients. The aim of the present study was to determine the effects of fortified soy milk with Lactobacillus plantarum A7 on renal function biomarkers in type 2 DN patients. Forty-eight DN subjects were attended to this parallel randomized trial study. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a diet containing 200mL/day probiotic soy milk in intervention group or soy milk in the control condition for 8weeks. An inflammatory adipokineProgranulin (PGRN), a cytokine receptor-soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (sTNFR1), and serum levels of Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) and cystatin C (Cys-C) as the new renal function biomarkers were measured after 8weeks of intervention according to the standard protocol. Our analysis showed that consumption of probiotic soy milk resulted in a significant reduction in the Cys-C and PGRN levels compared with the soy milk (P=0.01) in the final adjusted model. In addition, after adjustment for age, weight, and energy intake, a marginally significant in the NGAL level was seen between two groups (P=0.05). However, there was no significant differences on the sTNFR1concenteration between two groups (P=0.06). Overall, intake of probiotic soy milk may have a beneficial effect on the renal function in patients with DN.
The duration of fecal <i>Salmonella</i> shedding following clinical disease among dairy cattle in the northeastern USA; The objectives of this study were to determine the duration of fecal Salmonella shedding among dairy cattle in the northeastern United States following laboratory-confirmed clinical disease and to evaluate whether age group or serotype was associated with either shedding period or mortality. Study farms included 22 dairy herds that had at least two previous salmonellosis cases confirmed by fecal culture. Veterinarians continued to submit culture samples from clinical suspects following herd enrollment, and fecal samples from positive cattle were collected monthly until three sequential negative results were obtained or until loss to follow-up. There were 357 culture-positive clinical cases that each involved a single serotype during the shedding period. The Kaplan-Meier median duration of fecal Salmonella shedding was 50 days, and the maximum was 391 days. S. Newport was the predominant serotype, accounting for 51% of the cases. Age group and serotype were not significant predictors of Salmonella shedding duration in a Cox proportional hazards model, when stratifying by herd. However, the proportion of adult cows shedding for at least two consecutive monthly samples was significantly greater than the proportion of female calves shedding for this duration (Fisher's exact test p-value <0.01). Age group was also associated with mortality in this study; calves with salmonellosis were more likely to die than cows as estimated by a logistic regression model which controlled for herd as a random effect (p-value = 0.04). (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of intrauterine dextrose or antibiotic therapy on reproductive performance of lactating dairy cows diagnosed with clinical endometritis; The objectives of this study were to assess the responses to treatments (clinical cure and cow survival 14 d posttherapy) of cows with clinical endometritis (CE) that received intrauterine infusion of a hypertonic solution of 50% dextrose (DEX) or subcutaneous ceftiofur crystalline free acid (CCFA) and subsequent pregnancy per artificial insemination (P/AI) in cows with CE compared with cows without CE. Cows (n = 760) from 2 dairy herds were screened for CE using vaginoscopy and measurement of cervix diameters [exam 1; 26 3 d in milk (DIM)]. Cows with vaginal discharge scores of 2 or 3 (scale 0-3) were stratified by parity and randomly allocated into 1 of 3 treatment groups: (1) intrauterine infusion (similar to 200 mL) of 50% DEX solution (n = 79); (2) 6.6 mg/kg single-dose of subcutaneous administration of CCFA (n = 75); or (3) untreated control animals (CON, n = 83). Fourteen days posttherapy (at 40 +/- 3 DIM), cows with CE were re-examined (exam 2; 40 +/- 3 DIM) to assess the response to treatments. All cows were presynchronized with 2 injections of PGF(2 alpha) given 14 d apart (starting at 26 +/- 3 DIM) followed by Ovsynch (OV; GnRH-7 d-PGF-56 h-GnRH 16 h-timed-AI) 12 to 14 d later. Cows displaying signs of standing estrus any time during the protocol were inseminated, whereas the remaining cows were subjected to timed AI 16 h after the second GnRH of OV. Pregnancy diagnosis was performed via transrectal ultrasonography at 39 +/- 3 d post-AI followed by pregnancy reconfirmation 30 d after the first pregnancy diagnosis. Uterine swabs revealed that Arcanobacterium pyogenes and Escherichia coli were the most predominant bacteria isolated at the time of treatments. Mortality within 14 d posttherapy was not different among treatment groups. Cows with CE had greater cervical diameter at exam 1 and decreased P/AI compared with cows without CE. Treatment with CCFA or DEX increased the proportion of cows with clear vaginal discharge (score 0; clinical cure) 14 d posttherapy compared with CON cows. Pregnancy per AT from DEX (29.8 +/- 4%) cows tended to differ from that of CON (21.1 +/- 4%) or CCFA cows (19.7 +/- 4%), but it resulted in similar P/AI as those cows without CE (39.1 +/- 2%). The use of intrauterine DEX alone or as an adjunct of antibiotic therapy for the treatment of CE needs further investigation.
Efficacy of<i> Plantago</i><i> major</i> leaf extract cream compared to placebo in preventing acute radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients: A randomized clinical trial; Introduction: Dermatitis is a common side effect of radiotherapy (RT). Plantago major L. leaves (P. major) exhibit anti-inflammatory and wound-healing activities. This study aimed to evaluate the preventive effect of P. major on acute radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients. Methods: This randomized controlled trial involved 78 breast cancer patients who had undergone modified radical mastectomy and were scheduled for RT. After random allocation, the control group (n = 39) received a placebo and the intervention (n = 39) group received P. major cream. It was used as an external application twice per day from the first day of RT until two weeks after the completion of the radiation course. The patients were examined weekly by a physician. The primary outcome was the incidence and severity of acute radiodermatitis, graded according to Radiation Therapy Oncology Group and the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer (RTOG/EORTC) and National Center Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events, version 5 (NCI-CTCAE) toxicity scoring systems. Results: Radiodermatitis grades >= 2 according to the RTOG/EORTC and NCI-CTCAE scoring systems developed from the third week of RT, peaking in the sixth week in both groups. The incidence of grades >= 2 acute dermatitis was lower in patients treated with topical P. major than with the placebo (51.3% vs. 66.7%), but this difference was not statistically significant (relative risk = 0.769, 95% confidence interval, 0.429-1.373). Dermatitis grades >= 2 had no relationship with body mass index >= 30 and older age. Itching during the six weeks of follow-up was more common in the P. major group. Conclusion: This study revealed that 7% P. major cream did not significantly decrease the severity of acute radiodermatitis. Conducting multicenter trials with larger sample sizes and using different topical agents based on P. major are recommended for future studies. Trial registration: IRCT20150830023823N4.
Efficacy and safety of Jianpishengsui for chemotherapy-related fatigue in patients with non-small cell lung cancer: study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background Chemotherapy-related fatigue (CRF) is a common symptom in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. A Chinese herbal formula cream for oral application, called Jianpishengsui (JPSS), is extensively used in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine as an internal preparation for CRF and is associated with a promising response. Due to the lack of high-quality clinical evidence, a randomized placebo-controlled trial is required to assess the efficacy and safety of JPSS. Methods/design The efficacy and safety of JPSS herbal formula cream will be evaluated through a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted in the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine. NSCLC patients with CRF will be randomized into two groups at a ratio of 1:1. Each group will receive either 15 g of the oral JPSS herbal formula cream or placebo twice a day from day 6 to day 20 during two courses of paclitaxel + platinum/docetaxel + platinum/pemetrexed + platinum (TP/DP/AP) chemotherapy. The primary endpoint is the difference in the degree of fatigue between baseline (the day before the start of the intervention) and day 42, which will be assessed by the Revised Piper Fatigue Scale score. The secondary endpoints are quality of life (measured by the 43-item European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire-Lung Cancer C43), Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group Performance Status, and Traditional Chinese Medicine syndrome score. The toxicity of the treatments will also be evaluated at the same time. All outcomes will be measured at baseline, day 6, day 21, and day 42 of the treatment. Discussion This randomized trial will investigate the efficacy and safety of JPSS applied for CRF in patients with NSCLC.
Strategies to reduce embryonic mortality in buffalo cows; The aim of the present study was to examine whether treatment with a GnRH agonist, hCG or P-4 on Day 25 after AI increased P-4 concentrations and reduced the incidence of embryonic mortality (EM) in pregnant buffaloes mated in mid-winter in a Mediterranean environment. The trial was carried out in two farms characterized, in previous years, by low (LEM Group), 153 buffaloes (DIM=150 +/- 7 days), and high (HEM Group), 284 buffaloes (DIM=163 +/- 5 days), incidence of embryo mortality. Animals were synchronized by Ovsynch-TAI Program and artificially inseminated. On day 25, pregnant buffaloes were randomly assigned to four groups: Control (no treatment), GnRH agonist (buserelin acetate, 12.6 mu g), hCG (1500 IU) and P-4 (341 mg of P4 i.m. every 4 days for three times). Progesterone (pg/ml) was determined in milk whey on Days 10, 20 and 25 after AI in all buffaloes and in Days 30 and 45 only in buffaloes pregnant on day 25 and assigned to four groups of treatment. Pregnancy diagnosis was undertaken on Day 45 by ultrasound. All treatments increased P-4 milk whey and reduced embryonic mortality in buffalo cows bred in the farm characterized by high EM.
Topical application of a cream containing nanoparticles with vitamin E for radiodermatitis prevention in women with breast cancer: A randomized, triple-blind, controlled pilot trial; Purpose: Most topical agents for radiodermatitis prevention are not based on its pathophysiology, mainly caused by the indirect effects of radiation from reactive oxygen species release. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effect of vitamin E-containing nanoparticle cream as an antioxidant for radiodermatitis prevention.Method: A randomized, triple-blind, parallel pilot study conducted in an Oncology Hospital including 40 adult women with breast cancer, and healthy skin, submitted to radiotherapy, divided into three groups: Intervention (12; 30%) receiving cream with nanoparticles containing vitamin E; Control 1 (14; 35%) cream without nano-particles or vitamin E; Control 2 (14; 35%) cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. Incidence, grade and time to onset of radiodermatitis were primary outcomes; health-related quality of life, reported symptoms, and breast temperature were secondary outcomes.Results: All patients were followed until the end of the study. All had radiodermatitis. There were no significant differences between the study groups regarding radiodermatitis grade, health-related quality of life, and breast temperatures. A protective effect of vitamin E-containing nanoparticle cream was identified regarding the onset time of radiodermatitis in patients who did not receive a boosted radiation dose (p = .03) and the occurrence of mild inframammary erythema (p = .04). Itching was reported by 90% of the women. The definitive calculated sample is 108 volunteers. There were no identified side effects.Conclusions: A potential protective effect of a cream containing vitamin E nanoparticles was observed. This pilot study presents initial evidence about the role of a nanoencapsulated antioxidant in preventing radiodermatitis.Trial registration: No. RBR-784F3Y; UTN-U1111-1201-5923.
Vitamin and calcium supplement use is associated with decreased adenoma recurrence in patients with a previous history of neoplasia; INTRODUCTION: Although some have suggested that certain vitamins or calcium supplements may reduce adenoma recurrence, our own prior retrospective study found no such effects. The purpose of this case-control study was to further investigate whether regular vitamin or calcium supplement intake influenced the incidence of recurrent adenomatous polyps in patients with previous neoplasia who were undergoing follow-up colonoscopy. METHODS: This study enrolled 1,162 patients who underwent colonoscopy by one of three surgeons at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in New York City between March 1993 and February 1997. Of these patients 448 (250 males) had a previous diagnosis of colorectal neoplasia (cancer, adenomas, or dysplasia). Of these, 183 (40.8 percent) had an adenoma at the index colonoscopy. Information was collected on personal and family history of colonic diseases, cigarette smoking, medication, and vitamin and micronutrient supplement usage on a questionnaire that was completed by the patients before the colonoscopy. Odds ratios were obtained by unconditional logistic regression analysis, adjusting for age and gender, and used adenoma recurrence at index colonoscopy as the outcome. RESULTS: The mean interval between colonoscopic examinations was 37 months for the recurrent adenoma group and 38 months for the nonrecurrent group of patients (P = not significant). In this case-control study we found a protective effect for the use of vitamin supplements in general (any vitamin) on the recurrence of adenomas (odds ratio, 0.41; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.27-0.61). Specifically, this protective effect was observed for the use of multivitamins (odds ratio, 0.47; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.31-0.72), vitamin E (odds ratio, 0.62; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.39-0.98), and for calcium supplementation (odds ratio, 0.51; 95 percent confidence interval, 0.27-0.96). Nonsignificant protective effects were noted for carotene/vitamin A, vitamin D, and vitamin C. CONCLUSIONS: The use of multivitamins, vitamin E, and calcium supplements were found to be associated with a lower incidence of recurrent adenomas in a population of patients with history of previous colonic neoplasia. Prospective, randomized trials are needed to better assess the impact of these agents and to determine whether the use of these supplements is associated with a protective effect against recurrent adenomas.
Dairy calcium intake, serum vitamin D, and successful weight loss; Background The role 01 dairy calcium intake and scrum vitamin D concentrations in weight loss is controversial
Milk intake is not associated with low risk of diabetes or overweight-obesity: a Mendelian randomization study in 97,811 Danish individuals; Background: High dairy/milk intake has been associated with a low risk of type 2 diabetes observationally, but whether this represents a causal association is unknown.
Sex differences in association of healthy eating pattern with all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality; BackgroundAlthough the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) is widely recommended to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause death, there are significant differences in physiological and nutritional factors between the sexes. The potential impact of sex on adult dietary health is still poorly understood. The study was designed to assess whether the health benefits of diet differed by sex.MethodsIn a prospective study of 39,567 U.S. adults (51.2% female, age 46.8 +/- 17.6 years), we examined sex-specific, multivariable-adjusted associations of HEI with all-cause mortality and cardiovascular disease mortality. Restricted cubic splines (RCS), subgroup analysis, propensity score matching (PSM), random forest feature importance, and sensitivity analysis were also used.ResultsDuring 328,403 person-years of follow-up, a total of 4754 all-cause deaths were recorded, including 1481 cardiovascular deaths. Compared to the lowest quartile of HEI, the all-cause mortality rate of females and males in the highest quartile array decreased by 34% (HR 0.66 [95% CI 0.55-0.8]) and 15% (HR 0.85 [95% CI 0.73-0.99]), respectively. The restricted cubic spline showed a linear inverse association between baseline HEI and all-cause mortality and CVD mortality, with similar sex-specific results. Similarly, component scores were sex-specific for mortality risk, with females benefiting more from diet. The benefits of dairy products, vegetables, and sodium scores on the risk of all-cause death were higher in males and females. However, the benefits of vegetable, sodium, and fatty acid scores on the risk of cardiovascular death were different.ConclusionsIn the adult population of the U.S., there are more opportunities for females to reduce the risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality from the same dose of healthy dietary intake than males. These findings could reduce the risk of death by motivating the population, especially females, to consume healthy dietary components, especially vegetables and dairy products.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial; Background Superficial basal-cell carcinoma is most commonly treated with topical non-surgical treatments, such as photodynamic therapy or topical creams. Photodynamic therapy is considered the preferable treatment, although this has not been previously tested in a randomised control trial. We assessed the effectiveness of photodynamic therapy compared with imiquimod or fluorouracil in patients with superficial basal-cell carcinoma.
Effect of two milk supplements and two ways of administration on growth performance, welfare and fecal microbial ecology of suckling piglets; Introduction: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of two MS formulas, DanMilk (TM) (AB Neo, Denmark) (MS1) and Neopigg((R)) RescueMilk (Provimi, Netherlands) (MS2) administered manually and to compare two ways of administration (manual vs automatic) of MS1 on growth performance, health, fecal microbial profile, behavior, and skin lesions of piglets during suckling and post-weaning.
A Phase 2a Study of Topical Perillyl Alcohol Cream for Chemoprevention of Skin Cancer; The chemopreventive and antitumor properties of perillyl alcohol (POH) that were studied preclinically indicate that topical POH inhibits both UVB-induced murine skin carcinogenesis (squamous cell tumor models) and 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene-induced murine melanoma (transgenic models involving tyrosinase-driven Ras). A previous phase 1 clinical trial in participants with normal-appearing skin showed that topical POH cream was well tolerated at a dose of 0.76% (w/w). Here, we performed a 3-month, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled phase 2a trial of two different doses of topical POH in individuals with sun-damaged skin. Participants applied POH cream twice daily to each dorsal forearm. Baseline and end-of-study biopsies were taken from each participant to evaluate whether the topical application of POH was effective in reversing actinic damage as evidenced by normalization of quantitative skin histopathologic scores and change in nuclear chromatin pattern as measured by karyometric analysis. There was a borderline reduction in the histopathologic score of the lower-dose POH group compared with the placebo (P = 0.1), but this was not observed in the high-dose group. However, in the high-dose group, a statistically significant reduction in the proportion of nuclei deviating from normal was observed by the use of karyometric analysis (P < 0.01). There was no statistical significance shown in the lower-dose group. No changes were observed in p53 expression, cellular proliferation (by proliferating cell nuclear antigen expression), or apoptosis in either treatment group compared with the placebo group. These results suggest that whereas our karyometric analyses can detect a modest effect of POH in sun-damaged skin, improved delivery into the epidermis may be necessary. Cancer Prev Res; 3(2); 160-9. (C) 2010 AACR.
Milk consumption and multiple health outcomes: umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses in humans; In order to recapitulate the best available evidence of milk consumption and multiple health-related outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of meta-analyses and systematic reviews in humans. Totally, 41 meta-analyses with 45 unique health outcomes were included. Milk consumption was more often related to benefits than harm to a sequence of health-related outcomes. Dose-response analyses indicated that an increment of 200 ml (approximately 1 cup) milk intake per day was associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension, colorectal cancer, metabolic syndrome, obesity and osteoporosis. Beneficial associations were also found for type 2 diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Conversely, milk intake might be associated with higher risk of prostate cancer, Parkinson's disease, acne and Fe-deficiency anaemia in infancy. Potential allergy or lactose intolerance need for caution. Milk consumption does more good than harm for human health in this umbrella review. Our results support milk consumption as part of a healthy diet. More well-designed randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Community-Based Upper Gastrointestinal Cancer Screening in a Randomized Controlled Trial: Baseline Results in a Non-high-incidence Area; A cluster-randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted to evaluate to the effectiveness of reducing mortality of upper gastrointestinal cancer (UGC) and feasibility of screening through a questionnaire combined with endoscopy in non-high-incidence urban areas in China. The trial design, recruitment performance, and preliminary results from baseline endoscopy are reported. Seventy-five communities in two urban cities with a nonhigh-incidence of UGC were randomized to a screening endoscopy arm (n = 38) or a control arm (n = 37). In the screening arm, individuals at high risk of UGC underwent endoscopic screening. The primary outcome was the UGC mortality, and secondary outcomes included the UGC detection rate, incidence rate, survival rate, and clinical stage at the time of diagnosis. A total of 10,416 and 9,565 individuals were recruited into the screening and control arms, respectively. The participation rate was 74.3%. In the screening arm, 5,242 individuals (50.3%) were estimated to be high-risk. Among them, 2,388 (45.6%) underwent endoscopic screening. Age and household income were associated with undergoing endoscopy. Three early esophageal cancer (0.13%), one gastric cancer (0.04%), 29 precancerous esophageal lesions (1.21%), and 53 precancerous gastric lesions (2.22%) were detected. Age, sex, a family history of cancer, intake of meat-egg-milk frequently, superficial gastritis, and clinical symptoms of gastric cancer were associated with the presence of precancerous lesions. The detection rate was low using endoscopic screening in non-high-incidence area given the relatively low compliance rate. These findings provide a reference for designing effective community-based UGC screening strategies in non-high-incidence urban areas.
Control of bovine respiratory disease, with and without co-morbidity by otitis media, in dairy heifers comparing gamithromycin, tulathromycin, or no medication at a commercial development facility; The objective of this study was to evaluate one strategy for control (metaphylaxis) of bovine respiratory disease, with and without co-morbidity with otitis media, in dairy heifers at a commercial development facility. Individual heifers were the experimental unit. At weaning, 1 of 3 experimental treatments (gamithromycin, tulathromycin, or no medication) was randomly assigned to 1,567 heifers from 11 different dairies. Gamithromycin was administered to 631 heifers, tulathromycin was administered to 621 heifers, and no medication was administered to 315 heifers (negative control). Heifers were then commingled and penned according to body weight. Each pen contained heifers from each group, and periodically, larger numbers of heifers were penned together. All heifers were observed for the subsequent 42 d and treated according to protocols prescribed for the facility. Morbidity due to respiratory disease was less for heifers medicated with gamithromycin than for heifers medicated with tulathromycin. Morbidity due to respiratory disease was less for heifers medicated with gamithromycin than for heifers in the negative control group. Fewer heifers medicated with either antimicrobial were subsequently treated because of co-morbidity with otitis media. Mortality was not different among the treatment groups. Heifers medicated with either antimicrobial had greater average daily gain than did heifers in the negative control group.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial; BackgroundPrevious studies of the health effects of low-fat milk or dairy consumption on the metabolic syndrome have yielded inconsistent results. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-fat milk consumption on traits associated with the metabolic syndrome, as well as inflammatory and atherogenic biomarkers, in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome.
Exploring the Effectiveness of Ajwain Cream in Treating Taxane-induced Peripheral Neuropathy in Cancer Patients: A Pilot, Randomised and Double-blind Clinical Trial; Objectives: Chemotherapy -induced peripheral neuropathy is a common disorder among cancer patients receiving various chemotherapeutic protocols. The present study aimed to explore the feasibility of ajwain (Trachyspermum ammi [L.] Sprague) cream in treating peripheral neuropathy symptoms triggered by taxane chemotherapeutic agents. Materials and Methods: This was a pilot, double-blind, and randomised clinical trial on patients with peripheral neuropathy attributable to chemotherapy with taxane drugs during 2021-2022 in Tehran. Patients received ajwain or placebo cream for four weeks and filled out the chemotherapy -induced peripheral neuropathy assessment tool (CIPNAT) at the start and end finale of the trial. Side effects were also noted. Results: Thirty patients suffering from breast, lung, gastro-intestinal, or prostate cancer were allocated to each of the drug and placebo groups. The mean difference in CIPNAT score between the groups was 0.83, demonstrating the statistical ineffectiveness of the drug compared with the placebo (P = 0.372). The safety profile showed promising outcomes at the end of the trial. Conclusion: Although the effectiveness of ajwain cream was unacceptable in treating chemotherapy -induced peripheral neuropathy symptoms, multicentre controlled trials with ample sample size are mandatory for an all-inclusive inference.
Effects of α-linolenic acid-enriched diets on gene expression of key inflammatory mediators in immune and milk cells obtained from Holstein dairy cows; Immune system and inflammatory responses are affected by alpha-linolenic acid (alpha LA: 18: 3.-3). The objective of this study was to determine the effects of alpha LA-enriched rations on gene expression of systemic (blood) and local (mammary gland) inflammatory markers in Holstein dairy cattle. Further, the effect of dietary treatments was evaluated on the concentration of alpha LA in serum phospholipids. Camelina (Camelina sativa) meal (containing 24.2% alpha LA) was fed at 0, 3, 6, and 9% (dry matter basis) replacing canola meal (rich in 18:1 omega-9) to provide rations with incremental concentrations of alpha LA. Lactating primiparous Holstein cows (n = 18) were randomly assigned to a treatment sequence in a 4 x 4 Latin square design. Each period lasted 16 d and milk and blood samples were collected during the final 2 d of each period. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and milk cells (MC) were harvested, and RNA extracted and converted to complementary DNA for quantitative real time PCR analysis. The effect of dietary treatments (alpha LA) on the relative abundance of pro and anti-inflammatory genes in the PBMC and MC was tested by the MIXED procedure of SAS. Expression of pro-inflammatory tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha in MC was linearly reduced (up to 40%) as dietary alpha LA increased. Expression of pro-inflammatory markers interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-8, and TNF-alpha was reduced (29, 20, and 27%, respectively) in PBMC isolated from cows fed 6% camelina meal ration as compared with cows fed 0% (control). Expression of IL-6 was, however, increased with inclusion of camelina meal. Greater dietary alpha LA linearly increased serum phospholipids alpha LA contents, and when fed up to 6% DM down-regulated expression of some of the local (milk) and systemic (blood) pro-inflammatory markers in vivo.
Smallholder dairy farming in the Chikwaka communal land, Zimbabwe: birth, death and demographic trends; A study of mortality, morbidity and productivity of cattle on smallholder dairy farms was conducted in Chikwaka communal land, Zimbabwe. We estimated the frequency and determinants of mortality in DDP cattle and explored demographic trends. Using Cox proportional-hazards modelling (with the farm as a random effect), the animal-level variables associated with mortality were age, sex and breed. Calf mortality was 35% of calves within the first year of life. This was nearly five-times higher than adult mortality (relative risk (RR) 4.73, 95% CI 2.12, 10.6). Females had lower mortality than males (RR = 0.25, 95% CI 0.11, 0.56). After adjusting for the confounding effects of age, Jersey breeding was associated with higher mortality (RR = 2.89, 95% CI 1.16, 7.22) whereas Red Dane breeding was associated with lower mortality (RR = 0.27, 95% CI 0.11, 0.69). Farms with a higher ratio of non-DDP:DDP cattle had higher mortality in their DDP cattle. Leslie-matrix models simulated population growth and showed that (at the current levels of mortality and fertility) the population would double in approximately 10 years. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Genetically proxied milk consumption and risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer: a two-sample Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundObservational studies have shown that milk consumption is inversely associated with colorectal, bladder, and breast cancer risk, but positively associated with prostate cancer. However, whether the associations reflect causality remains debatable. We investigated the potential causal associations of milk consumption with the risk of colorectal, bladder, breast, and prostate cancer using a genetic variant near the LCT gene as proxy for milk consumption.MethodsWe obtained genetic association estimates for cancer from the UK Biobank (n=367,643 women and men), FinnGen consortium (n=135,638 women and men), Breast Cancer Association Consortium (n=228,951 women), and Prostate Cancer Association Group to Investigate Cancer Associated Alterations in the Genome consortium (n=140,254 men). Milk consumption was proxied by a genetic variant (rs4988235 or rs182549) upstream of the gene encoding lactase, which catalyzes the breakdown of lactose.ResultsGenetically proxied milk consumption was associated with a reduced risk of colorectal cancer. The odds ratio (OR) for each additional milk intake increasing allele was 0.95 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.91-0.99; P=0.009). There was no overall association of genetically predicted milk consumption with bladder (OR 0.99; 95% CI 0.94-1.05; P=0.836), breast (OR 1.01; 95% CI 1.00-1.02; P=0.113), and prostate cancer (OR 1.01; 95% CI 0.99-1.02; P=0.389), but a positive association with prostate cancer was observed in the FinnGen consortium (OR 1.07; 95% CI 1.01-1.13; P=0.026).ConclusionsOur findings strengthen the evidence for a protective role of milk consumption on colorectal cancer risk. There was no or limited evidence that milk consumption affects the risk of bladder, breast, and prostate cancer.
Dairy Product Intake and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in EPIC-InterAct: A Mendelian Randomization Study; OBJECTIVE To estimate the causal association between intake of dairy products and incident type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The analysis included 21,820 European individuals (9,686 diabetes cases) of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-InterAct case-cohort study. Participants were genotyped, and rs4988235 (LCT-12910C>T), a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) for lactase persistence (LP) that enables digestion of dairy sugar, i.e., lactose, was imputed. Baseline dietary intakes were assessed with diet questionnaires. We investigated the associations between imputed SNP dosage for rs4988235 and intake of dairy products and other foods through linear regression. Mendelian randomization (MR) estimates for the milk-diabetes relationship were obtained through a two-stage least squares regression. RESULTS Each additional LP allele was associated with a higher intake of milk (beta 17.1 g/day, 95% CI 10.6-23.6) and milk beverages (beta 2.8 g/day, 95% CI 1.0-4.5) but not with intake of other dairy products. Other dietary intakes associated with rs4988235 included fruits (beta -7.0 g/day, 95% CI -12.4 to -1.7 per additional LP allele), nonalcoholic beverages (beta -18.0 g/day, 95% CI -34.4 to -1.6), and wine (beta -4.8 g/day, 95% CI -9.1 to -0.6). In instrumental variable analysis, LP-associated milk intake was not associated with diabetes (hazard ratio(per 15 g/day) 0.99, 95% CI 0.93-1.05). CONCLUSIONS rs4988235 was associated with milk intake but not with intake of other dairy products. This MR study does not suggest that milk intake is associated with diabetes, which is consistent with previous observational and genetic associations. LP may be associated with intake of other foods as well, but owing to the modest associations, we consider it unlikely that this caused the observed null result.
Comparison of a commercially available oral nutritional supplement and intravenous fluid therapy for dehydration in dairy calves; Calf scours is a primary cause of morbidity and mortality in the dairy industry. Effective treatments are needed to minimize death, maximize welfare, and maintain growth and productivity. The objective of this trial was to compare the efficacy of a commercially available nutritional supplement (Diaque, Boehringer-Ingelheim Vetmedica Inc., St. Joseph, MO) and i.v. lactated Ringer's solution (LRS) in rehydrating, preventing acidemia, and correcting electrolyte imbalances in an experimental model for calf scours. Twenty-four colostrum-fed suckling dairy calves were used in a modified crossover design. An osmotic diarrhea was induced by orally feeding commercial milk replacer modified with high level of sucrose to create a hypertonic milk solution, and administering oral hydrochlorothiazide and spironolactone for 48 h. The intention was to create a challenge sufficient to result in moderately dehydrated, standing calves without producing severe depression or loss of suckle. The efficacy of i.v. fluid therapy and a commercial nutritional supplement were subsequently compared for reversing the effects of the diarrheal disease. Treatment A consisted of administering the nutritional supplement according to label directions (100 g in 1.9 L of warm water, 3 times a day), and treatment B consisted of i.v. LRS (2 L, once a day). Clinical signs and laboratory results were obtained once daily by a blinded observer. The induction method was effective in creating the desired effect, as demonstrated by weight loss and subjective health and hydration scores. Both treatment groups experienced increases in body weight, base excess, and bicarbonate, and decreases in total protein and packed cell volume following treatment. Both i.v. LRS and Diaque are effective methods to correct hypovolemia and control derangements in acid base status in calves with diarrhea and dehydration.
Lipopolysaccharide challenge following intravenous amino acid infusion in postpartum dairy cows: I. Production, metabolic, and hormonal responses; Postpartum cows experience a nadir in energy and AA deficit early postpartum. At the same time, cows are challenged with inflammatory stimuli and often show heightened immune responsiveness, further increasing their metabolic needs during this critical time. This study investigated the response to a systemic inflammatory stimulus after a 4-d intravenous (IV) AA infusion designed to ameliorate the estimated metabolizable protein (MP) deficit in postpartum cows. Our objectives were to (1) describe the production and metabolic responses to early postpartum IV AA infusion, (2) determine the metabolic and hormonal responses to an acute IV lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge in early postpartum cows, and (3) compare these metabolic and hormonal responses between IV AA treated and control cows. Cows (n = 14, 4 +/- 1 d in milk) were continuously IV infused for 4 d in a matched-pair randomized controlled design and received IV AA (IVAA) or 0.9% NaCl (CTRL). Treatment with IV AA consisted of 1 g/kg of BW per day of combined essential AA (EAA) and nonessential AA (NEAA). After infusion ended, cows were challenged IV with LPS (0.0625 mu g/kg of BW over 1 h), and serial blood samples were collected to quantify AA, metabolite, and hormone concentrations. Amino acid infusion increased plasma EAA and NEAA concentrations and ameliorated the estimated MP deficit but not the metabolizable energy deficit in IVAA cows. Patterns of dry matter intake during infusion were different between groups. Milk yield and milk protein content and yield were unaffected, but IV AA was associated with increased milk fat content and yield of both de novo and preformed fatty acids. Before LPS infusion, plasma EAA and NEAA concentrations were greater in IVAA compared with CTRL. During LPS challenge, plasma AA concentrations decreased to a greater degree in IVAA than CTRL. Glucagon concentrations were greater and glucose concentrations lower in IVAA during challenge; however, previous AA infusion did not affect the time-dependent changes in concentrations of energy metabolites or glucoregulatory hormones. Plasma urea nitrogen concentration increased in both treatments following challenge, although the temporal pattern depended on treatment. Effects of AA infusion on milk fat response were pronounced and likely due to a combination of increased lipolysis and de novo milk fat synthesis. Despite differences in circulating concentrations of nutrients and hormones before challenge, metabolic responses to systemic inflammation did not differ between the 2 treatments. We conclude that AA infusion changed metabolic status and milk fat but did not appear to alter the metabolic response to subsequent systemic inflammation.
Clinical and metabolic indicators associated with early mortality at a milk-fed veal facility: A prospective case-control study; Antimicrobial use and resistance, in combination with high levels of mortality, are important challenges facing the veal industry. To improve both the economic sustainability of the industry and animal welfare, measures need to be taken to explore and address reasons for these challenges. Health status at arrival may be an important predictor of calf mortality because substantial mortality occurs early in the growing period on veal operations. The objective of this observational case-control study was to identify clinically measurable variables and metabolic indicators associated with mortality in the first 21 d following arrival at a veal facility. Calves were evaluated using a standardized health scoring system, blood was collected, calves were weighed, and the supplier of the calf was recorded at arrival. The calves were followed until death or 21 d after arrival. Cases were defined as calves that died <= 21 d following arrival. Two controls for every case were randomly selected from calves that survived >21 d, arrived on the same day, and were housed in the same barn as cases. Stored serum harvested at arrival from cases and controls was submitted for measurement of concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, glucose, cholesterol, urea, haptoglobin, and immunoglobulin G. A conditional logistic regression model was built to evaluate factors associated with mortality <= 21 d following arrival. A total of 4,825 calves were evaluated from November 2015 to September 2016. The mortality risk in the first 21 d was 2.8%, giving 135 cases, which were compared with 270 controls. Six variables were significant in the final multivariable model. Calves with a slightly enlarged navel with slight pain or moisture, and those with severe dehydration had increased odds of mortality <= 21 d following arrival. Drover-derived calves, calves that weighed more, and calves that had higher concentration of immunoglobulin G or cholesterol at arrival were less likely to die. The results demonstrate that calves at elevated risk for early mortality can be identified at arrival using both health and hematological factors. Early recognition of high-risk calves may allow for an intervention that could result in improvement in survival rates; however, prevention of these abnormalities before arrival at veal facilities needs to be further explored.
Effect of red clover isoflavones on hormone, immune, inflammatory, and plasma biochemistry in lactating dairy cows; This study was to conducted to investigate the effect of red clover isoflavones on the health indicated by immune status and blood biochemistry in dairy cows. Sixty-eight healthy Holstein lactating cows were randomly divided into four treatments (n = 17 per treatment) from 5 blocks according to milk yield using a randomized complete block design. No initial differences in parity (2.13 +/- 1.21), days in milk (165 +/- 21 d), and milk yield (33.93 +/- 3.81 kg/d) between groups. Cows were fed the basal diet supplemented with 0, 2, 4, or 8 g/kg red clover extract (RCE) in diet (dry matter based). Feeding, refusal feed weights, and milk yield were recorded three consecutive days in weeks 0, 4, 8, and 12. Blood was collected from the tail vein of the cows on the last day of weeks 4, 8 and 12, 1 h after the morning feeding, and analyzed for hormones, immunoglobulins, inflammatory markers, and markers of liver and kidney activities. The dry matter intake was significantly decreased by 3.7% in the 8 g/kg group (P < 0.05). The fat-corrected milk yield was significantly higher in both of the 2 and 4 g/kg groups (P < 0.01). Plasma estradiol and prolactin showed a quadratic effect with increasing RCE levels, with the highest in the 4 g/kg group (P < 0.05). Plasma tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-1 beta levels decreased linearly with increasing dietary RCE levels. Plasma IL-18 levels showed a quadratic effect with increasing dietary RCE levels, with significantly lower levels in both of the 2 and 4 g/kg groups (P < 0.05). Plasma immunoglobulin A and D-lactic acid levels showed a quadratic effect with increasing dietary RCE levels, with significantly higher level in the 4 g/kg group (P < 0.05). The liver function and kidney activity makers were similar (P > 0.05). These results recommend the supplementation of RCE at a level from 2 to 4 g/kg DM. (c) 2024 The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY -NC -ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/bync-nd/4.0/).
Natural Oil-Based Emulsion Containing Allantoin Versus Aqueous Cream for Managing Radiation-Induced Skin Reactions in Patients With Cancer: A Phase 3, Double-Blind, Randomized, Controlled Trial; Purpose: To investigate the effects of a natural oil-based emulsion containing allantoin versus aqueous cream for preventing and managing radiation-induced skin reactions.
Comparison of milk replacer composition and effects on growth and health of preruminant lambs, and health-associated costs of artificial rearing; Objective: This research evaluated the effects of 2 milk replacer (MR) formulations on lamb performance, morbidity, mortality, and antibiotic usage and health-associated costs of artificial lamb rearing.
Clinical protocol for the topical use of a cream with nanoparticles and vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer; Objective: Little is known about the efficacy of products that aim to prevent radiodermatitis, which affects between 90-95% of women with breast cancer. The use of antioxidants is promising, however, there is a lack of evidence on their effectiveness. Here, the authors present a clinical trial protocol to evaluate the potential effects of applying a nanoparticle cream with vitamin E to prevent radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Method: The protocol recommends that 108 women with breast cancer, who are receiving radiotherapy, be included in a triple-blinded, randomised, controlled study in an oncology hospital. Patients will be divided in three groups of 36 people each: group A will receive a cream with lipid nanoparticles and vitamin E, group B will obtain a cream without nanoparticles or vitamin E, and group C will receive a cream with nanoparticles without vitamin E. The primary endpoints will evaluate the incidence, degree and time of onset of radiodermatitis. The secondary endpoints will focus on quality of life, symptoms and local temperature. Patients will be assessed three times a week, from the start of their radiotherapy treatment to two weeks after the last session. This protocol was approved by the research ethics committee of the institutions involved.
Use of dairy products, lactose, and calcium and risk of ovarian cancer - Results from a Danish case-control study; Background. A number of epidemiological studies have examined the association between use of dairy products and risk of ovarian cancer, but results are conflicting. Using data from a large Danish population-based case-control study we here further examined the association between dairy consumption, lactose, and calcium and risk of overall ovarian cancer and histological types of ovarian cancer. Material and methods. In the period 1995-1999 we included 554 women with epithelial ovarian cancer and 1554 randomly selected age-matched controls (35-79 years). All women participated in a detailed personal interview that included questions about dairy consumption. Data were analysed using multiple logistic regression models. Results. Total dairy intake was associated with ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.11; 95% CI: 1.07-1.15 per 100 ml/day). The association was strongest for milk [OR = 1.14; 95% CI: 1.03-1.27 per glass (200 ml)/day], soured milk products [OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.22-1.81 per portion (250 ml)/day] and yoghurt [OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 1.22-2.23 per portion (250 ml)/day]. In contrast, intake of cheese was associated with a decreased risk [OR = 0.70; 95% CI: 0.55-0.89 for > 1 portion (100 ml)/day compared with no intake]. Intake of lactose, but not calcium, was also associated with an increased ovarian cancer risk (OR = 1.24; 95% CI: 1.10-1.40 per 10 g of lactose/day). Similar risk patterns were observed for the different histological types of ovarian cancer, indicating virtually identical aetiologies with regard to dairy intake, lactose, and calcium. Conclusions. Our results indicate that intake of dairy products is associated with a modest increased risk of ovarian cancer. In addition, ovarian cancer development was associated with lactose intake
Developmental changes in the milk fat globule membrane proteome during the transition from colostrum to milk; Shotgun proteomics, using amine-reactive isobaric tags (iTRAQ), was used to quantify protein changes in milk fat globule membranes (MFGM) that were isolated from d 1 colostrum and compared with MFGM from d 7 milk. Eight Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 2 groups of 4 cow sample pools for a simple replication of this proteomic analysis using iTRAQ. The iTRAQ labeled peptides from the experiment sample pools were fractionated by strong cation exchange chromatography followed by further fractionation on a microcapillary high performance liquid chromatograph connected to a nanospray-tandem mass spectrometer. Data analysis identified 138 bovine proteins in the MFGM with 26 proteins upregulated and 19 proteins downregulated in d 7 MFGM compared with colostrum MFGM. Mucin 1 and 15 were upregulated greater than 7-fold in MFGM from d 7 milk compared with colostrum MFGM. The tripartite complex of proteins of adipophilin, butyrophilin, and xanthine dehydrogenase were individually upregulated in d 7MFGM 3.4-, 3.2-, and 2.6-fold, respectively, compared with colostrum MFGM. Additional proteins associated with various aspects of lipid transport synthesis and secretion such as acyl-CoA synthetase, lanosterol synthase, lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase, and fatty acid binding protein were upregulated 2.6- to 5.1-fold in d 7 MFGM compared with colostrum MFGM. In contrast, apolipoproteins A1, C-III, E, and A-IV were downregulated 2.6- to 4.3-fold in d 7 MFGM compared with colostrum MFGM. These data demonstrate that quantitative shotgun proteomics has great potential to provide new insights into mammary development.
Clinical evaluation of safety and efficacy of <i>Boswellia-based</i> cream for prevention of adjuvant radiotherapy skin damage in mammary carcinoma: a randomized placebo controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: Acute radiation erythema and other skin reactions are common adverse effects experienced by breast carcinoma patients undergoing radiotherapy treatment. Boswellic acids are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata with strong anti-inflammatory properties. This study was designed to evaluate the safety and the efficacy of the application of a base cream contaning boswellic acids in a proprietary formulation (Bosexil(R)) for the prevention and relief of radiation-induced adverse effects in breast cancer patients.
Does milk intake promote prostate cancer initiation or progression via effects on insulin-like growth factors (IGFs)? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose To establish whether the association between milk intake and prostate cancer operates via the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) pathway (including IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3).
<i>Short communication</i>: Effect of feeding pooled and nonpooled high-quality colostrum on passive transfer of immunity, morbidity, and mortality in dairy calves; Pooling colostrum is commonly practiced on Irish dairy farms. Pooling can result in dilution when colostrums with high arid low IgG concentrations are mixed, thereby predisposing calves to failure of passive immunity. The objectives of this study were to compare IgG concentrations in colostrum from individual cows with colostrum pooled front several cows, and assess serum IgG concentrations, morbidity, and mortality among calves fed colostrum from their own dam, from a different cow, or pooled from several cows. We hypothesized that pooling colostrum reduces IgG concentration due to dilution compared with colostrum from individual cows, and that calves fed pooled colostrum achieve lower serum IgG concentrations than calves fed colostrum from individual cows. Calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: (1) fed colostrum from their own dam (n = 20); (2) fed colostrum from a different dam (n = 20); or (3) fed pooled colostrum (n = 18). A sample of colostrum fed to each calf was collected. Serum samples were collected from calves at birth (0 h) and at 24 h after colostrum feeding. Colostrum and serum IgG concentrations were measured by radial immunodiffusion. Calves were weighed at birth and at weaning, and the health status of each calf was assessed twice daily. Health assessment was based on general demeanor, rectal temperature, fecal consistency, respiratory rate, and the presence of cough, nasal, or ocular discharge. Colostrum and serum IgG concentrations, and weaning weights were compared using ANOVA. Associations between group and morbidity or mortality rates were compared using chi(2) or Fisher's exact tests. Median and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) of IgG concentrations of colostrum were 99.4 (81.8-111.5), 95.2 (84.1-107.2), and 100.7 (90.5-104.4) g/L for own dam, different darn, arid pooled groups, respectively. We did not find any differences in colostrum IgG concentrations among the colostrum sources. Median (95% CI) serum IgG concentrations at 24 h were 52.0 (45.6-65.9), 55.7 (51.2-65.9), arid 53.1 (46.2-63.7) g/L for calves that received colostrum from own dam, different dam, and pooled, respectively. All calves achieved adequate passive immunity. Serum IgG concentrations at 24 h, weaning weights, and proportions of morbidity and mortality were not different among the 3 groups. Our results suggest that on dairy farms where median colostrum IgG concentrations are high and colostrum management is optimal, pooling has a minimal effect on passive immunity and subsequent calf health.
Dairy propionibacteria as human probiotics: A review of recent evidence; Probiotics have been the subject of intensive research, mainly focusing on bifidobacteria and lactic acid bacteria. However, there is evidence that dairy propionibacteria also display probiotic properties, which as yet have been underestimated. The aim of this paper is to review recent data which report probiotic characteristics of dairy propionibacteria and to distinctly organise them based on the experimental strategy employed: ranked from in vitro evidence to in vivo trials, which is a new approach. In addition to the selection criteria for probiotics in areas such as food safety, technological and digestive stress tolerance, many potential health benefits have been described which include modulation of microbiota andmetabolic activity in the gut, modulation of intestinal motility and absorption, impact on intestinal inflammation, modulation of the immune system and potential modulation of risk factors for cancer development. The robust nature of dairy propionibacteria towards technological stresses should allow their future use in various fermented probiotic foods. Among the probiotic properties of dairy propionibacteria described in the literature, some of these properties are different from those reported for bifidobacteria and lactic acid bacteria. However, supplementation with dairy propionibacteria in randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind human trials has mainly involved mixtures of propionibacteria with probiotic bacteria from other genera. Clinical studies involving the use of dairy propionibacteria alone are lacking. Such studies will allow the specifically observed health benefits to be attributed to dairy propionibacteria. This, in turn, will allow the investigation of the synergistic effects with other probiotic bacteria or beneficial food components.
Substitution of animal-based with plant-based foods on cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; BackgroundThere is growing evidence that substituting animal-based with plant-based foods is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and all-cause mortality. Our aim was to summarize and evaluate the evidence for the substitution of any animal-based foods with plant-based foods on cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality in a systematic review and meta-analysis.MethodsWe systematically searched MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science to March 2023 for prospective studies investigating the substitution of animal-based with plant-based foods on CVD, T2D, and all-cause mortality. We calculated summary hazard ratios (SHRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) using random-effects meta-analyses. We assessed the certainty of evidence (CoE) using the GRADE approach.ResultsIn total, 37 publications based on 24 cohorts were included. There was moderate CoE for a lower risk of CVD when substituting processed meat with nuts [SHR (95% CI): 0.73 (0.59, 0.91), n = 8 cohorts], legumes [0.77 (0.68, 0.87), n = 8], and whole grains [0.64 (0.54, 0.75), n = 7], as well as eggs with nuts [0.83 (0.78, 0.89), n = 8] and butter with olive oil [0.96 (0.95, 0.98), n = 3]. Furthermore, we found moderate CoE for an inverse association with T2D incidence when substituting red meat with whole grains/cereals [0.90 (0.84, 0.96), n = 6] and red meat or processed meat with nuts [0.92 (0.90, 0.94), n = 6 or 0.78 (0.69, 0.88), n = 6], as well as for replacing poultry with whole grains [0.87 (0.83, 0.90), n = 2] and eggs with nuts or whole grains [0.82 (0.79, 0.86), n = 2 or 0.79 (0.76, 0.83), n = 2]. Moreover, replacing red meat for nuts [0.93 (0.91, 0.95), n = 9] and whole grains [0.96 (0.95, 0.98), n = 3], processed meat with nuts [0.79 (0.71, 0.88), n = 9] and legumes [0.91 (0.85, 0.98), n = 9], dairy with nuts [0.94 (0.91, 0.97), n = 3], and eggs with nuts [0.85 (0.82, 0.89), n = 8] and legumes [0.90 (0.89, 0.91), n = 7] was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality.ConclusionsOur findings indicate that a shift from animal-based (e.g., red and processed meat, eggs, dairy, poultry, butter) to plant-based (e.g., nuts, legumes, whole grains, olive oil) foods is beneficially associated with cardiometabolic health and all-cause mortality.
Topical Tretinoin Therapy and All-Cause Mortality; Objective: To evaluate the relation of topical tretinoin, a commonly used retinoid cream, with all-cause mortality in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial (VATTC). The planned outcome of this trial was risk of keratinocyte carcinoma, and systemic administration of certain retinoid compounds has been shown to reduce risk of this cancer but has also been associated with increased mortality risk among smokers.
Genetic determination of mortality rate in Danish dairy cows: A multivariate competing risk analysis based on the number of survived lactations; Dairy cow mortality has been steadily increasing during the last 2 decades in Denmark. This study aims to verify whether genetic mechanisms might be contributing to this increase. To do so, the records of 880,480 Holstein, 142,306 Jersey, and 85,206 Red Danish dairy cows calving from 1990 to 2006 were retrieved from the Danish Cattle register. Two causes of culling of cows were considered: death and slaughtering. Bivariate competing risk genetic models with a sire model structure were used to describe the death and the slaughtering rates simultaneously. The models included 2 random components: a sire random component with pedigree representing the sire genetic effects and a herd-year-season component. Moreover, the level of heterozygosity and the sire breed proportions were included in the models as covariates to account for potential nonadditive genetic effects due to the massive introduction of genetic material from other populations. The correlations between the sire components for death rate and slaughter rate were negative and small for the 3 populations, suggesting the existence of specific genetic mechanisms for each culling reason and common concurrent genetic mechanisms. In the Holstein population, the effects of the changes in the level of heterozygosity, breed composition, and the increasing genetic trend acted in the same direction, increasing the death rate in recent years. In the Jersey population, the effects of the level of heterozygosity and the breed proportion were small, and only the increasing genetic trend can be pointed as a genetic cause to the observed increase in the mortality rate. In the Red Danish population, neither the time-development pattern of the genetic trend nor the changes in the level of heterozygosity and breed composition could be causing the observed increase in the mortality; thus, nongenetic factors must be causing this negative development.
Photodynamic therapy versus topical imiquimod versus topical fluorouracil for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma: a single blind, non-inferiority, randomised controlled trial: a critical appraisal; Aim Arits etal. aimed to assess whether the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil is not inferior to methyl aminolaevulinic acid (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma.
Dietary-induced negative energy balance has minimal effects on innate immunity during a <i>Streptococcus uberis</i> mastitis challenge in dairy cows during midlactation; Ten multiparous Holstein cows were used to determine the effects of negative energy balance (NEB) on the immune response to a Streptococcus uberis (strain O140J) mastitis challenge during midlactation. Before the study, milk from all quarters of each cow was bacteriologically negative, with a composite somatic cell count of <200,000 cells/mL. Cows were paired based on parity, days in milk, and milk yield. At approximately 77 d in milk, half the cows (n = 5) were feed-restricted to 60% of calculated net energy for lactation requirements to induce NEB. Feed restriction lasted 7 d. Control cows (n = 5) were fed the same diet ad libitum (i.e., positive energy balance; PEB). After 5 d, one rear quarter in all cows was inoculated with 5,000 cfu of Strep. uberis. Jugular blood and aseptic quarter milk samples were collected daily until inoculation and every 6 h postinoculation for 36 h. Blood was analyzed for nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, insulin, cortisol, albumin, serum amyloid A (SAA), and haptoglobin (Hp). Periodically throughout the trial period, blood neutrophils were isolated for determination of cell morphology, chemotaxis, and phagocytosis capability in vitro. Quarter milk samples were analyzed for concentrations of SAA, Hp, cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-10 and IL-1 beta), and activity of respiratory burst enzymes (superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase). All cows developed local and systemic signs of mastitis and calculated NEB was similar to that of cows experiencing postpartal NEB. Serum glucose and insulin concentrations increased in both groups after challenge, most likely because of enhanced glycogenolysis and gluconeogenesis; results indicate that immune cell function may be glucose dependent. Serum cortisol concentration was higher in NEB than PEB cows during feed restriction only (before inoculation), and serum albumin concentration was higher in NEB than PEB cows during the infection period. Compared with PEB, cows in NEB had lower SAA concentrations in serum after 5 d of feed restriction but higher SAA concentrations in milk after Strep. uberis challenge. Serum Hp concentration was higher by 36 h postchallenge in NEB than in PEB cows. Phagocytic capability of neutrophils was lower in NEB than in PEB cows at 0 h of infection but decreased in both PEB and NEB cows through 36 h postinfection. Our results indicate that cows subjected to dietary-induced NEB during midlactation had relatively minimal alterations in immune function.
Reducing Radiation Dermatitis Using a Film-forming Silicone Gel During Breast Radiotherapy: A Pilot Randomized-controlled Trial; Background/Aim: To evaluate whether topical use of a film forming silicone gel (StrataXRT (R)) could reduce radiation dermatitis compared to a moisturizing cream (X-derm (R)) in patients receiving whole breast radiotherapy. Patients and Methods: A total of 56 patients with breast cancer were randomized to use StrataXRT or X-derm. The severity of radiation dermatitis was graded using physiological skin parameters, clinician-assessed visual rating scales and patient-reported symptoms. Changes in these parameters from baseline to 4 weeks post-radiotherapy were evaluated every two weeks. Results: Two-way repeated-measures ANOVA revealed different patterns of changes in the erythema index (F=3.609, p=0.008) and melanin index (F=3.475, p=0.015). The post hoc analysis demonstrated a significantly lower erythema index and melanin index in the patients allocated to the StrataXRT group. Conclusion: The use of StrataXRT can reduce radiation dermatitis with respect to objectively measured physiological skin parameters. The results of the present study will support the feasibility of conducting a larger randomized controlled trial.
Technical Effects of Adding 1 % Lidocaine to Technetium Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymphatic Mapping in Early Breast Cancer: Analysis of Data from a Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial; A practice standard in sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping in breast cancer is intradermal injection of technetium-99m sulfur colloid (Tc-99m), resulting in significant patient discomfort and pain. A previous randomized controlled trial showed that adding lidocaine to Tc-99m significantly reduced radioisotope injection-related pain. We tested whether 1 % lidocaine admixed with Tc-99m affects feasibility of SLN mapping.
Dairy consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: an updated meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Epidemiological studies to-date provided inconsistent findings on the effects of dairy consumption on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to examine the association of dairy consumption and its specific subtypes with CVD risk, including the risk of stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD) by a meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for articles published up to February 2014 to identify prospective cohort studies. Random-effects, model or fix-effects model was used to compute the summary risk estimates. Results: A total of 22 studies were eligible for analysis. An inverse association was found between dairy consumption and overall risk of CVD [9 studies; relative risk (RR)=0.88, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.81, 0.96] and stroke (12 studies; RR-0.87, 95% CI: 0.77, 0.99). However, no association was established between dairy consumption and CHD risk (12 studies; RR=0.94, 95% CI: 0.82, 1.07). Stroke risk was significantly reduced by consumption of low-fat dairy (6 studies; RR=0.93, 95% CI: 0.88. 0.99) and cheese (4 studies; RR=0.91, 95% CI: 0.84, 0.98), and CHD risk was significantly lowered by cheese consumption (7 studies; RR=0.84, 95% CI: 0.71, 1.00). Restricting studies according to various inclusion criteria yielded similar results for CVD and CHD analyses, but showed attenuated results for stroke analysis. Heterogeneity across studies was found for stroke and CHD analyses, and publication bias was found for stroke analysis. Conclusion: This meta-analysis provided further evidence supporting the beneficial effect of dairy consumption on CVD. Low-fat dairy products and cheese may protect against stroke or CHD incidence.
Topical irniquimod can reverse vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia: A randornised, double-blinded study; Objective. To investigate the effect of topical imiquimod in patients with vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia, (VIN).
School Milk and Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A National Case-Control Study; To determine whether school milk consumption in childhood decreased the risk of adult colorectal cancer, the authors conducted a national population-based, case-control study of 562 cases and 571 controls. The authors identified new cases of colorectal cancer in 2007 among people aged 30-69 years from the New Zealand Cancer Registry. Controls were randomly selected from the electoral rolls and frequency matched to cases in 5-year age groups. Participation in school milk programs was associated with a reduced odds ratio for colorectal cancer (odds ratio (OR) = 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.51, 0.96). Odds ratios decreased with increasing numbers of bottles of milk drunk compared with no school milk (for 1-799 bottles, OR = 1.04, 95% CI: 0.66, 1.67; for 800-1,199 bottles, OR = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.51, 1.29; for 1,200-1,599 bottles, OR = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.93; for 1,600-1,799 bottles, OR = 0.57, 95% CI: 0.37, 0.90; and for 1,800 or more bottles, OR = 0.62, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.96). Participation in school milk programs in New Zealand was associated with a 2.1% reduction (95% CI: 0.7, 3.5) in the odds ratio for colorectal cancer for every 100 half-pint bottles drunk (1 half-pint bottle = 284 mL).
Efficacy of fulguration combined with imiquimod cream on condyloma acuminatum, and the effect on immune functions and serums levels of IL-2 and IL-10; The objective of the present study was to investigate the clinical efficacy of high-frequency fulguration combined with 5% imiquimod cream for condyloma acuminatum (CA), and the effect on T cell immune function and serum levels of interleukin (IL)-2 and IL-10. We enrolled 112 patients with CA between January 2014 and January 2016. Patients were randomly divided into the control group (n=56) and observation group (n=56). The control group received high-frequency fulguration combined with intramuscular injection of Bacillus Calmette-Guerin polysaccharide nucleic acid, and the observation group received high-frequency fulguration combined with external application of 5% imiquimod cream. In both groups, the course of treatment lasted for 12 weeks, and the follow-up period was 6 months. Clinical efficacy was compared between the groups. The total effective rate in the observation group was higher than that in the control group (p<0.05), but no significant differences were identified in comparisons of effectiveness and recurrence rate between the two groups (p>0.05). After treatment, the levels of CD3(+) and CD4(+) cells, and CD4(+)/CD8(+) ratio in both groups were increased compared with those before treatment (p<0.05), while no significant difference was identified in comparison of the levels of CD8(+) cells in both groups before and after treatment (p>0.05); in both groups before and after treatment, there was no significant difference in the comparison of T cells (p>0.05). After treatment in both groups, the serum levels of IL-2 were increased, and the levels of IL-10 were decreased compared with those before treatment; the improvement in the observation group was superior to that in the control group (p<0.05). In conclusion, good efficacy can be achieved with the combined treatment of high-frequency fulguration and 5% imiquimod cream for CA, which is correlated with enhanced immune functions of T cells, and improvements in the serum levels of IL-2 and IL-10.
Two Phase 3, Randomized, Controlled Trials of Ruxolitinib Cream for Vitiligo; To the Editor: Vitiligo is a depigmenting skin disorder that can have a substantial effect on patients' quality of life. In their report on two phase 3 trials of ruxolitinib cream (Topical Ruxolitinib Evaluation in Vitiligo Study 1 and 2), Rosmarin et al. (Oct. 20 issue)(1) found that ruxolitinib cream was effective for repigmentation of the skin in patients with vitiligo. The adverse events of ruxolitinib cream appeared to be limited, but the follow-up was restricted to 1 year. In patients who were treated with ruxolitinib for polycythemia vera and myelofibrosis, systemic exposure to oral ruxolitinib was associated with an . . .
The effect of dairy consumption on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases: A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Introduction: There is no global consensus on the relationship of dairy products with cardiovascular diseases. This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of the consumption of dairy products on cardiovascular diseases, including stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD).
Impact of unhealthy behaviors on cardiovascular mortality in Finland, 1978-1993; Background. Our aim was to study how combinations of three unhealthy behaviors (smoking, physical inactivity, and use of dairy fat) and an index describing their number were associated with the risk of cardiovascular mortality in a society showing remarkable improvement in health behaviors.
Mepitel Film is superior to Biafine cream in managing acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a randomised intra-patient controlled clinical trial; Introduction We previously showed that Mepitel Film decreased the severity of acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients. In the current study, we compared the effect of Mepitel Film and Biafine cream on skin reaction severity in a larger cohort of head and neck cancer patients.
Occurrence and Seasonal Variations of Aflatoxin M<sub>1</sub> in Milk from Punjab, Pakistan; The manifestation of aflatoxins in feed and food is a major issue in the world as its presence leads to some health problems. This study investigates the incidence of aflatoxin M-1 (AFM(1)) contamination in raw milk samples which were collected from Punjab, Pakistan. The Cluster Random Sampling technique was used to collect 960 milk samples from five different regions, and samples were collected every month. The AFM(1) level in raw milk was analyzed by the ELISA technique. The findings demonstrate that 70% of samples exceeded the United States permissible maximum residue limits (MRL 0.50 mu g/L), with an overall AFM(1) level that ranged from 0.3 to 1.0 mu g/L. AFM(1) contamination varied with the season: The highest average contamination was detected in winter (0.875 mu g/L), followed by autumn (0.751 mu g/L), spring (0.654 mu g/L), and summer (0.455 mu g/L). The Eastern region exhibited the highest average AFM(1) contamination (0.705 mu g/L). Milk samples from the Northern region were found to be widely contaminated, as 86.9% samples exceeded the US MRL, followed by the Eastern region, with 72.3% samples being contaminated with >0.5 mu g/L AFM(1). The study indicated that the raw milk supply chain was heavily contaminated. Recommendations and remedial measures need to be developed by regulatory authorities to improve the raw milk quality.
Impact of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Soy milk contains some beneficial components such as isoflavones which can exert favorable effects on the cardiovascular health. The current study aimed to comprehensively evaluate the potential effects of soy milk consumption on cardiometabolic risk factors in adults. Methods: Relevant articles published up to June 2020 were systematically retrieved from SCOPUS, PubMed/ MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases. In our study, we included all the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the impact of soy milk consumption on various cardiometabolic risk factors in adults (age >= 18 years). A meta-analysis of the eligible studies was performed using the random-effects model. Results: The quantitative meta-analysis of 18 eligible RCTs (665 participants, age range 18-65 years) demonstrated that the consumption of soy milk significantly reduced systolic (P < 0.001) and diastolic (P = 0.002) blood pressure, total (P = 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein (P = 0.041) cholesterol, waist circumference (P = 0.005), C-reactive protein (P < 0.001), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P = 0.016). Significant between-study heterogeneity was found for the pooled effect sizes of blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. In addition, the subgroup analyses indicated that the decrease in systolic blood pressure (SBP) was more pronounced when soy milk was consumed for <= 4 weeks. However, there were no significant differences between soy milk and control groups for the other factors, namely body weight, body mass index (BMI), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose (FBG), and fasting insulin, interleukin-6, and fibrinogen. Conclusions: The current systematic review and meta-analysis revealed that incorporating soy milk into the diet might favorably affect several cardiometabolic risk factors in both healthy and unhealthy individuals.
A potent steroid cream is superior to emollients in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant radiotherapy. A randomised study of betamethasone versus two moisturizing creams; Background and purpose: The aim was to investigate whether treatment with potent local steroids can reduce signs and symptoms of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients undergoing adjuvant radiotherapy (RT) compared to emollient creams.
Treatment of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia with topical imiquimod; Background: Alternatives to surgery are needed for the treatment of vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia. We investigated the effectiveness of imiquimod 5% cream, a topical immune-response modulator, for the treatment of this condition.
Health effects of milk consumption: phenome-wide Mendelian randomization study; Background We performed phenome-wide Mendelian randomization analysis (MR-PheWAS), two-sample MR analysis, and systemic review to comprehensively explore the health effects of milk consumption in the European population. Methods Rs4988235 located upstream of the LCT gene was used as the instrumental variable for milk consumption. MR-PheWAS analysis was conducted to map the association of genetically predicted milk consumption with 1081 phenotypes in the UK Biobank study (n=339,197). The associations identified in MR-PheWAS were examined by two-sample MR analysis using data from the FinnGen study (n=260,405) and international consortia. A systematic review of MR studies on milk consumption was further performed. Results PheWAS and two-sample MR analyses found robust evidence in support of inverse associations of genetically predicted milk consumption with risk of cataract (odds ratio (OR) per 50 g/day increase in milk consumption, 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.84-0.94; p=3.81x10(-5)), hypercholesterolemia (OR, 0.91, 95% CI 0.86-0.96; p=2.97x10(-4)), and anal and rectal polyps (OR, 0.85, 95% CI, 0.77-0.94; p=0.001). An inverse association for type 2 diabetes risk (OR, 0.92, 95% CI, 0.86-0.97; p=0.003) was observed in MR analysis based on genetic data with body mass index adjustment but not in the corresponding data without body mass index adjustment. The systematic review additionally found evidence that genetically predicted milk consumption was inversely associated with asthma, hay fever, multiple sclerosis, colorectal cancer, and Alzheimer's disease, and positively associated with Parkinson's disease, renal cell carcinoma, metabolic syndrome, overweight, and obesity. Conclusions This study suggests several health effects of milk consumption in the European population.
Phase III placebo-controlled trial of capsaicin cream in the management of surgical neuropathic pain in cancer patients; Purpose: A minority of cancer survivors develops long-term postsurgical neuropathic pain. Based on evidence that capsaicin, the pungent ingredient in hot chili peppers, might be useful for treating neuropathic pain, we developed the present clinical trial.
Medical interventions for high-grade vulval intraepithelial neoplasia; Background
Effect of probiotics and functional foods and their use in different diseases; The use of functional foods (probiotics and prebiotics) has been demonstrated to be effective for the treatment or control of several diseases. Further well designed trials to examine the effects of different probiotic components are required. It is important to establish separate functions and to gain further insight into the underlying mechanisms that include competitive exclusion and modification of colonic microflora. For a very long time Russians have used kefir for the treatment of a wide range of illnesses. This paper attempts to review the use of probiotic and functional foods in different diseases, with a special emphasis on kefir, (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Modelling dairy intake on the development of acute coronary syndromes: the CARDIO2000 study; Background Dairy consumption may be associated with a small but worthwhile reduction in cardiovascular disease risk, but results from epidemiological studies are inconsistent. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association between dairy consumption and the prevalence of a first, non-fatal event of an acute coronary syndrome, in a Greek sample.
Evaluation of serum protein-based arrival formula and serum protein supplement (Gammulin) on growth, morbidity, and mortality of stressed (transport and cold) male dairy calves; Previous studies with calves and other species have provided evidence that blood serum-derived proteins and fructooligosaccharides (FOS) may benefit intestinal health. We assessed the effects of supplementing products containing serum proteins as a component of arrival fluid support or serum proteins plus FOS (in addition to additional solids, minerals, and vitamins) in an early life dietary supplement on performance, morbidity, and mortality of stressed (transport, cold) male calves. Male Holstein calves (n = 93) <1 wk old were stratified by arrival body weight (BW) and plasma protein concentration, and then randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of one-time administration of fluid support [either control electrolyte solution (E) or the serum protein-containing arrival formula (AF)] and 14 d of either no supplementation (NG) or supplementation with Gammulin (G; APC Inc., Ankeny, IA), which contains serum proteins and FOS in addition to other solids, minerals, and vitamins. Upon arrival at the research facility, calves were orally administered either AF or E. At the next feeding, half of the calves from each fluid support treatment received either milk replacer (20% crude protein, 20% fat) or the same milk replacer supplemented with G (50 g/d during the first 14 d). Starter and water were freely available. Feed offered and refused was recorded daily. Calf health was assessed by daily assignment of fecal and respiratory scores. Stature measures and BW were determined weekly. Blood samples were obtained at d 0 (before treatments), 2, 7, 14, and 28. Calves were weaned at d 42 and remained in the experiment until d 56. After 2 wk of treatments, calves previously fed AF had greater body length (66.6 vs. 66.0 cm), intakes of dry matter (38.7 vs. 23.5 g/d) and crude protein (9.2 vs. 5.6 g/d) from starter, and cortisol concentration in blood (17.0 vs. 13.9 ng/mL) than calves fed E. Supplementation with G resulted in greater BW gain during the first 2 wk, increased intakes of dry matter and CP, and decreased respiratory scores. For the 8-wk experiment, G supplementation resulted in lower mean fecal score (1.6 vs. 1.8) and fewer antibiotic treatments per calf (1.5 vs. 2.5) than NG. Survival was greater in G than in NG calves (98 vs. 84%). Despite the marked reduction in morbidity and mortality, blood indicators of acute-phase response, urea N, and total protein were not affected by AF or G in transported cold-stressed male calves.
DAIRY CALF MANAGEMENT, MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN ONTARIO HOLSTEIN HERDS .2. AGE AND SEASONAL PATTERNS; Heifer calf management practices and clinical outcomes were studied on 104 randomly selected Holstein dairy farms in southwestern Ontario between October 1980 and July 1983. Data were collected at both the farm level (all farms) and the individual calf level (1968 calves, 35 farms). Age at death, and at first treatment for disease, during the first 20 weeks of life were described by life table methods and depicted graphically. Variations over calendar time in morbidity and mortality were described graphically. The percentage of calves at risk first treated for scours peaked during the second week of like, at 8.1% per week, then declined sharply, approaching zero by about six weeks. Pneumonia treatment rates peaked at about the sixth week of life, at 2.3% per week, but were more persistent than the rates for scours. Calves were at greater risk of dying during the first week of life than at any time thereafter; however, calf mortality in this population never exceeded 4% of the  total. Treatment rates for scours and pneumonia were generally lower in spring and summer than during the autumn and winter. The mortality rates remained at < 5% per month and appeared to fluctuate in a random fashion.
Efficacy of fermented milk and whey proteins in <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> eradication: A review; Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) eradication is considered a necessary step in the management of peptic ulcer disease, chronic gastritis, gastric adenocarcinoma and mucosa associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma. Standard triple therapy eradication regimens are inconvenient and achieve unpredictable and often poor results. Eradication rates are decreasing over time with increase in antibiotic resistance. Fermented milk and several of its component whey proteins have emerged as candidates for complementary therapy. In this context the current review seeks to summarize the current evidence available on their role in H. pylori eradication. Pertinent narrative/systematic reviews, clinical trials and laboratory studies on individual components including fermented milk, yogurt, whey proteins, lactoferrin, alpha-lactalbumin (alpha-LA), glycomacropeptide and immunoglobulin were comprehensively searched and retrieved from Medline, Embase, Scopus, Cochrane Controlled Trials Register and abstracts/proceedings of conferences up to May 2013. A preponderance of the evidence available on fermented milk-based probiotic preparations and bovine lactoferrin suggests a beneficial effect in Helicobacter eradication. Evidence for alpha d-LA and immunoglobulins is promising while that for glycomacropeptide is preliminary and requires substantiation. The magnitude of the potential benefit documented so far is small and the precise clinical settings are ill defined. This restricts the potential use of this group as a complementary therapy in a nutraceutical setting hinging on better patient acceptability/ compliance. Further work is necessary to identify the optimal substrate, fermentation process, dose and the ideal clinical setting (prevention/treatment, first line therapy/recurrence, symptomatic/asymptomatic, gastritis/ulcer diseases etc.). The potential of this group in high antibiotic resistance or treatment failure settings presents interesting possibilities and deserves further exploration. (C) 2014 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Combination Perianal-Intrarectal Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream and Periprostatic Nerve Block for Pain Control during Transrectal Ultrasound Guided Biopsy of the Prostate: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Purpose: Prostate biopsy for diagnosing cancer can be painful. The efficacy and safety of combination perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine (PILP) cream and periprostatic nerve block were compared with nerve block alone during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy (TRUS-Bx).
Roflumilast 0.3% Cream: a Phosphodiesterase 4 Inhibitor for the Treatment of Chronic Plaque Psoriasis; Background: Plaque psoriasis is a chronic dermatologic autoimmune disease that affects adults and children. Roflumilast 0.3% cream is currently the only topical phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of plaque psoriasis in patients 12 years or older.Pharmacodynamics and Pharmacokinetics: Roflumilast inhibits phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor enzyme leading to the accumulation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate, which suppresses the inflammatory mediators interferon-gamma and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Roflumilast, applied once daily, reaches steady state by day 15 and has a half life of approximately 4 days in adults. Roflumilast undergoes extensive hepatic metabolism by cytochrome P450 enzymes and conjugation. Roflumilast is 99% bound to plasma proteins.Clinical Trials: Roflumilast efficacy and safety were evaluated in the DERMIS-1 and DERMIS-2 clinical trials. These identically designed, double-blind, vehicle-controlled phase 3 trials randomized 881 patients to roflumilast 0.3% cream or vehicle, applied once daily for 8 weeks. In DERMIS-1, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 42.4% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.1% with the vehicle (32.3%-46.9%; P <0.001). Similarly, in DERMIS-2, the Investigator Global Assessment success rate was 37.5% with roflumilast 0.3% cream compared with 6.9% with the vehicle (20.8%-36.9%; P <0.001). Of 881 participants, 1% discontinued treatment with roflumilast cream due to adverse reactions compared with 1.3% treated with vehicle. Urticaria at the application site (0.3%) was the most common adverse reaction that led to discontinuation of roflumilast.Therapeutic Advance: To date, topical corticosteroids are the most commonly used agents to treat mild plaque psoriasis. Sensitive areas are often challenging to treat with existing topical therapy, including corticosteroids. Topical roflumilast has shown to be effective in treating sensitive areas, including skin folds, and may be an alternative to systemic therapy for some patients. The Food and Drug Administration approved topical roflumilast for the treatment of plaque psoriasis, including intertriginous areas, for patients 12 years or older.
Effects of a prebiotic supplement on health of neonatal dairy calves; Calf morbidity and mortality represent major financial losses for many dairy producers. The primary cause of calf mortality in the U.S. is diarrhea caused by intestinal bacterial infections. Traditionally, formulated antibiotics in milk replacer have been used as preventive treatments. However, as consumer concern about antibiotic resistance has increased, interest in alternative supplements has grown. Prebiotics, which are food ingredients not digestible by animal enzymes, and probiotics. which are beneficial bacteria, are two proposed alternatives for antibiotics to reduce diarrhea and improve immunity in calves. In this trial 75 Holstein heifer calves were randomly assigned to one of 3 treatments: control (C: no additive), antibiotic treatment (A; oxytetracycline 0.220 g/kg and neomycin base 0.441 g/kg), and prebiotic supplement (PB; 20 g/day Prebio Support(TM), Meiji Feed Co,, Ltd. Tokyo, Japan). Calf scours, respiratory, and general appearance scores were not affected by treatment. No statistical differences were detected in any of the health data collected; however, treatment C had nearly twice as many calves that scoured and refused feed than treatments A and PB. Populations of beneficial and pathogenic bacteria in feces were generally not affected by treatments. However, PB treatment calves had an overall trend for more Lactobacilli in their feces than calves fed A (P = 0.08), and Enterobacter population was greater in C calves than in calves on treatment A in week 4 (P<0.05). There was a tendency for the PB treatment to have elevated populations of beneficial species of bacteria during week 2. Populations of lymphocytes carrying CD4 and CD8 markers were not affected by treatment. Fecal IgA concentration decreased as calf age increased, with the greatest concentration in week 2 (P<0.01) for all calves. Fecal IgA levels were numerically greater for the PB group in weeks 2 and 4. Both PB and A treatments affected fecal parameters with PB having positive effects in several areas. Since calves in this study were generally healthy, observable benefits from the treatments were likely minimized. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A Double-Blind Randomized Trial on the Effectiveness of Mometasone 0.1% Cream and Hydrocortisone 1% Cream on the Prevention of Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients following Breast Conserving Surgery; Background: Despite the high prevalence of acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in breast radiation treatment, data about its prevention is inconsistent. We conducted the present research to investigate whether the use of topical corticosteroids with different potencies or moisturizing cream could prevent ARD.
Empirically-derived food patterns and the risk of total mortality and cardiovascular events in the PREDIMED study; Background & aims: There is little evidence on post hoc-derived dietary patterns (DP) and all-cause mortality in Southern-European populations. Furthermore, the potential effect modification of a DP by a nutritional intervention has not been sufficiently assessed. We assessed the association between a posteriori defined baseline major DP and total mortality or cardiovascular events within each of the three arms of a large primary prevention trial (PREDIMED) where participants were randomized to two active interventions with Mediterranean-type diets or to a control group (allocated to a low-fat diet).
Influence of a Concurrent Exercise Training Program During Pregnancy on Colostrum and Mature Human Milk Inflammatory Markers: Findings From the GESTAFIT Project; Background: Although exercise reduces systemic inflammation, information regarding its influence on human milk is scarce or inexistent.
Effects of rumen-protected choline on the inflammatory and metabolic status and health of dairy cows during the transition period; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effects of rumen-protected choline (RPC) supplementation from 21 d pre- to 21 d postpartum on markers of metabolic status and inflammatory response, concentrations of liposoluble vitamins, and plasma total Ca in parous Holstein cows. The hypotheses were that supplementing RPC during the transition period would reduce hepatic triacylglycerol accumulation postpartum and attenuate markers of inflammatory response following parturition, and collectively, such responses were expected to benefit health of dairy cows. Parous cows at 241 d of gestation were blocked by parity group and 305-d milk yield, and within block, they were assigned randomly to receive either 0 g/d [no choline in transition (NT), n = 55] or 12.9 g/d choline ion [choline in transition (CT), n = 58] from 21 d pre- to 21 postpartum. The RPC product was individually top-dressed onto the total mixed ration once daily. Prepartum, treatments were supplemented (mean +/- standard deviation) for the last 18.8 +/- 5.7 and 19.2 +/- 5.0 d of gestation in NT and CT, respectively. Supplementing RPC prepartum did not affect concentrations of plasma metabolites and inflammatory markers during the last 3 wk of gestation. Postpartum, cows fed RPC had greater hepatic concentration of hepatic triacylglycerol (NT = 3.4 vs. CT = 4.4%) and tended to have increased concentration of beta-hydroxybutyrate (NT = 0.48 vs. CT = 0.53 mM) in plasma. In spite of the increased hepatic triacylglycerol in cows fed RPC, treatment did not affect the concentrations of the inflammatory marker tumor necrosis factor-alpha or of the positive acute phase proteins, haptoglobin and fibrinogen. Supplementing choline tended to increase the concentration of plasma triacylglycerol by 0.69 mg/dL in the first 21 d postpartum and reduced the incidence of subclinical hypocalcemia by 20.9 percentage units compared with NT. Supplementing transition cows with RPC did not affect the concentrations of liposoluble vitamins in the first 7 d postpartum or the incidence of individual diseases or morbidity in early lactation. The inability of supplemental choline to reduce hepatic triacylglycerol might have been a consequence of the increased productive performance without additional dry matter intake.
Effects of<i> Echinacea</i><i> purpurea</i> supplementation on markers of immunity, health, intake, and growth of dairy calves; Echinacea purpurea (EP) is an herb that has demonstrated immunostimulatory and anti-inflammatory effects with the potential to improve immunity, health, and performance in animals. The objective of this study was to investigate how supplementing calves with EP affects their blood immunity marker profile, health, intake, and growth. Male Holstein calves (n = 240), sourced from local dairy farms or auction, arrived at a rearing facility between 5 and 14 d of age and were kept in individual pens in 1 of 3 rooms (80/room) for 56 d, and then put into groups for the remaining 21 d of the trial. Calves received milk replacer (MR) 2x per day for 56 d (total = 36 kg of MR) and had ab libitum water and starter access. Within room, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: (1) control (n = 80), (2) 3g of dried (powder) EP extract per day split over 2 milk feedings from experiment d 14-28 (n = 80), and (3) 3 g of dried (powder) EP extract per day split over 2 milk feedings from experiment d 1-56 (E56; n = 80). The powdered EP treatments were mixed into the liquid MR. On d 1, 14, 28, and 57 rectal temperatures and blood were collected from a subset of calves (n = 117; 39 calves/treatment), and blood serum was assessed for serum total protein (d 1), haptoglobin, white blood cells, and cytokines. Failed transfer of passive immunity was defined as serum total protein <5.2 g/dL. Calves were health scored 2x per day, receiving fecal and respiratory scores until d 28 and 77, respectively. Calves were weighed on arrival and then weekly until d 77. Milk replacer and feed refusals were recorded. Supplementation of EP was associated with lower haptoglobin levels, segmented neutrophil counts, segmented neutrophil per lymphocyte ratio, respiratory scores in auction derived calves, and higher lymphocyte counts and d 28 rectal temperature. Of calves with heavier arrival body weight, E56 calves had greater postweaning weekly body weight. There was no detected effect of EP supplementation on total white blood cells, band neutrophil, monocyte, and basophil counts, IL-10, IL-6, and TNF-& alpha; levels, fecal scores, risk of receiving diarrhea and respiratory treatment, risk of bovine respiratory disease (calves were deemed at risk for bovine respiratory disease if they had at least 1 respiratory score & GE;5), risk of mortality, MR and feed intake, average daily gain, and feed conversion ratio. Overall, EP supplementation to dairy calves was associated with immunomodulation and reduced inflammation, evidenced through blood markers, although only few minor health and growth improvements were observed. Benefits were observed particularly when fed across the whole milk feeding period.
Silymarin (Milk Thistle) can revoke liver enzyme changes during chemotherapy of breast cancer with Taxanes; Introduction: Drug associated liver injury is common and anticancer agents have been associated with inducing liver dysfunction, too. The present study was designed to evaluate the effect of silymarin (Milk Thistle) in reducing the hepatic side effects of taxane when used in chemotherapy of breast cancer.
Mechanistic correlates of clinical responses to omalizumab in the setting of oral immunotherapy for milk allergy; Background: In our recent clinical trial, the addition of omalizumab to oral immunotherapy (OIT) for milk allergy improved safety, but no significant clinical benefit was detected.
A Paired, Double-Blind, Randomized Comparison of a Moisturizing Durable Barrier Cream to 10% Glycerine Cream in the Prophylactic Management of Postmastectomy Irradiation Skin Care: Trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) 04.01; Purpose: A previous, unblinded study demonstrated that an alcohol-free barrier film containing an acrylate terpolymer (ATP) was effective in reducing skin reactions compared with a 10% glycerine cream (sorbolene). The different appearances of these products precluded a blinded comparison. To test the acrylate terpolymer principle in a double-blinded manner required the use of an alternative cream formulation, a moisturizing durable barrier cream (MDBC); the study was conducted by the Trans Tasman Radiation Oncology Group (TROG) as protocol 04.01.
Herd management and welfare assessment of dairy goat farms in Northern Cyprus by using breeding, health, reproduction, and biosecurity indicators; This study describes the results of a farm-based welfare assessment, herd management, and some yield indicators in Northern Cyprus dairy goat farms. Out of 324 intensive milk goat farms which produce goats, only the 42 goat farms which had 7950 heads were chosen by random sampling in Northern Cyprus (2016), and face-to-face questionnaires and observations were conducted to collect data. Regarding the breeding techniques in these farms, of all the goats in these farms, 45.2% were cross-breed, 38.1% were Damascus, 11.9% were Saanen, and 4.8% were hair goats. The average of the total number of animals was 211.38 +/- 209 heads. The average number of pens and the number of animals per pen in the farms, which had 2 to 5 pens, were 67 +/- 49.5 heads. The barn types of these farms were observed to be semi-open and nearly open (95%). 45.5% of the farms made a single milking in a day. The most significant reason for this was that the suckling of the kids lasted 3 months or more in 73.8% of the farms. Natural random mating was applied to 69% of the farms. The 45.2% of the farms applied additional feeding before the mating season. The rate of multiple births was 24.76%. The mortality rate in kids was greater than 10% in the 57% of farms examined. The 75% of kids had diarrhea, 33% had umbilicus infections, and 33% suffered from respiratory problems. Among the adult goats of the surveyed farms, the most important problem was external parasites (100%). The second and third problems were overgrown claws (80.9%) and common abscesses (80.95%). Regarding the biosecurity indicators, the general disinfection percentage of farms was 78.57%. However, veterinarian controls were conducted only in the 26.9% of the farms on a regular basis. In these farms, there was no significant difference between the breeds regarding their breeding and reproduction techniques or health indicators. The entrance of the farms carries a high risk for biosecurity. Heat stress is quite important factor for the milk quality.
The Blood Immune Cell Count, Immunoglobulin, Inflammatory Factor, and Milk Trace Element in Transition Cows and Calves Were Altered by Increasing the Dietary n-3 or n-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Levels; Transition dairy cows experience sudden changes in both metabolic and immune functions, which lead to many diseases in postpartum cows. Therefore, it is crucial to monitor and guarantee the nutritional and healthy status of transition cows. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of diet enriched in n-3 or n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) on colostrum composition and blood immune index of multiparous Holstein cows and neonatal calves during the transition period. Forty-five multiparous Holstein dairy cows at 240 days of pregnancy were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 3 isoenergetic and isoprotein diets: 1) CON, hydrogenated fatty acid (control), 1% of hydrogenated fatty acid [diet dry matter (DM) basis] during prepartum and postpartum, respectively; 2) HN3, 3.5% of extruding flaxseed (diet DM basis, n-3 PUFA source); 3) HN6, 8% of extruding soybeans (diet DM basis, C18:2n-6 PUFA source). Diets containing n-3 and n-6 PUFA sources decreased colostrum immunoglobulin G (IgG) concentration but did not significantly change the colostrum IgG yield compared with those with CON. The commercial milk yield (from 14 to 28 days after calving) was higher in the HN3 and HN6 than that in the CON. Furthermore, the n-3 PUFA source increased neutrophil cell counts in blood during the prepartum period and increased neutrophil percentage during the postpartum period when compared with those with control treatment. Diets containing supplemental n-3 PUFA decreased the serum concentration of interleukin (IL)-1 beta in maternal cows compared with those in control and n-6 PUFA during prepartum and postpartum. In addition, the neonatal calf serum concentration of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) was decreased in HN3 compared with that in the HN6 treatment. The diet with the n-3 PUFA source could potentially increase the capacity of neutrophils to defend against pathogens in maternal cows by increasing the neutrophil numbers and percentage during the transition period. Meanwhile, the diet with n-3 PUFA source could decrease the pro-inflammatary cytokine IL-1 beta of maternal cows during the transition period and decline the content of pro-inflammatary cytokine TNF of neonatal calves. It suggested that the highest milk production in n-3 PUFA treatment may partially be due to these beneficial alterations.
The Effect of Metaphylactic Use of Tildipirosin for the Control of Respiratory Disease in Long-Distance Transported Dairy Calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of two metaphylactic strategies using tildipirosin for the control of bovine respiratory disease (BRD) in dairy calves transported to a heifer raising facility within their first week of life. A total of 2,100 calves were enrolled in the study. Animals were transported for similar to 1,715 km, from dairies located in Minnesota to a calf raising facility located in New Mexico, where they were housed in individual hutches until weaning. Three days after arrival, calves were randomly allocated into three groups: (1) META1: single subcutaneous (SO) injection of tildipirosin (Zuprevo (TM), Merck Animal Health) at enrollment at 4 mg/kg; (2) META2: SQ injection of tildipirosin at enrollment and 17 days later; (3) CON: untreated controls. The BRD incidence was 11.4, 10.8, and 9.4% for calves enrolled in the CON, META1, and META2, respectively (P = 0.44). Lung lesions diagnosed through ultrasonography was found in 21.0, 21.0, and 21.8% of calves enrolled in CON, META1, and META2, respectively (P = 0.99). Mortality tended to be greater for CON calves in comparison to META2 calves (1.5 vs. 0.6%, P = 0.06), but did not differ between calves enrolled in CON and META1 groups (1.5 vs. 1.2%, P = 0.55). Growth was not affected by metaphylaxis. The average daily gain for calves enrolled in CON, META1, and META2 was 517, 518 and 525 g, respectively (P = 0.25). Blood analysis revealed that some of the markers of inflammation assessed were influenced by metaphylaxis. At 27 days after enrollment, META2 calves had decreased concentrations of haptoglobin, serum amyloid A, and aspartate aminotransferase, compared to CON calves (P < 0.05). Additionally, CON calves had increased concentrations of globulins and lower albumin to globulin ratio than META2 calves at the end of the weaning period (P < 0.05). In conclusion, tildipirosin metaphylaxis did not decrease the incidence of BRD nor did it have an impact on weight gain. However, metaphylaxis with two injections of tildipirosin at enrollment and 17 days later tended to reduce mortality and improved the systemic inflammatory status of calves during the preweaning period.
Performance and visceral tissue growth and development of Holstein calves fed differing milk replacer allowances and starch concentrations in pelleted starter; The objectives of this study were to investigate how milk replacer (MR) allowance and differing concentrations of starch and neutral detergent fiber in starter alters visceral tissue and overall growth of the calf. Calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments (n = 12 per treatment) arranged in a 2 x 2 factorial based on daily MR allowance (MRA) and amount of starch in pelleted starter (SPS) as follows: 0.691 kg of MR/d [dry matter (DM) basis] with starter containing low or high starch (12.0% and 35.6% starch, respectively) and 1.382 kg of MR/day (DM) with starter containing low or high starch. All calves were housed in individual pens with straw bedding until wk 5 when bedding was covered to minimize intake. Calves were fed MR twice daily (0700 and 1700 h) containing 24.5% crude protein (DM) arid 19.8% fat (DM), arid had access to pelleted starter (increased by 50 g/d if there were no refusals before weaning, and then 200 g/d during and after weaning) and water starting on d 1. Calves arrived between 1 and 3 d of age and were enrolled into an 8-wk study, with calves undergoing step-down weaning during wk 7. Intakes were measured daily, and body weight (BW) and blood samples were recorded and collected weekly. Calves were dissected in wk 8 for visceral tissue measurements. Overall, there was increased MR DM intake for the high- (0.90 +/- 0.01 kg/d; +/- Si) compared with the low-MRA (0.54 +/- 0.01 kg/d) calves, whereas starter DM intake increased in low- (0.47 +/- 0.05 kg/d) compared with high-MRA (0.20 +/- 0.05 kg/d) calves, which was driven by increases in wk 6, 7, and 8. High-MRA calves had increased BW during wk 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, arid 7. The difference in BW disappeared by wk 8, with overall average daily gain having a tendency to be increased in high (0.57 +/- 0.04 kg/d) compared with low-MRA (0.50 +/- 0.04 kg/d) calves, whereas average daily gain was increased in high-MRA calves during wk 2 and 3 and increased in low-MRA calves during wk 7 and 8. There were several differences throughout visceral tissue measurements, but most notably, an increase in rumen mass (i.e., full, empty, and digesta weights) in low- compared with high-MRA calves, as well as in low- compared with high-SPS calves was observed. The length, width, and 2-dimensional area of rumen papillae were also increased in low- (area: 0.88 +/- 0.03 mm(2)) compared with high-MRA (0.46 +/- 0.03 mm(2)) calves. The majority of differences were attributed to increased MR allowance, which contributed to reduced pelleted starter intake by more than 50% and reduced rumen development, whereas differences in starch intake from the completely pelleted starter had minimal effects on overall growth and tissue measurements.
Gastrointestinal nematode infection pattern of Greek dairy goats reared under extensive husbandry conditions and treated with anthelmintics at different times during the year; Gastrointestinal (GI) parasitism is of great importance in sheep and goats production because it results in lowered animal productivity (reduced nutrient utilisation, growth rate, milk and wool production), whereas severe infections can cause animal mortality. The objective of the current study was to determine the seasonal pattern of infection with nematode larvae naturally available on pasture of indigenous Greek dairy goats reared under extensive husbandry conditions throughout the year. A flock of indigenous Greek dairy goats were used. Starting in May, the goats were split into two groups, one (n = 20) that was designated as control and remained untreated and a second (n = 15) that was given a single dose of anthelmintic treatment (fenbendazole 10 mg/kg live weight). The same treatment was used in 11 subsequent groups, each of 15 goats, which were introduced into the experiment at monthly intervals. All goats in each group were of similar age and were selected randomly. Faecal egg counts (FEC) were performed monthly on each animal. There were significant (P < 0.001) differences in the levels of FEC between the different groups of goats with the highest FEC during the winter months. Faecal egg counts appeared to be influenced by the time of anthelmintic treatment. There were also differences in genera composition that were tested in pooled faeces. It is concluded that the results could be used to design management practices to minimize the need of anthelmintic drugs. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Natural antioxidant ice cream acutely reduces oxidative stress and improves vascular function and physical performance in healthy individuals; Objective: The formation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) contributes to the pathogenesis and progression of several diseases. Polyphenols have been shown to be beneficial against ROS. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a natural antioxidant ice cream on oxidative stress, vascular function, and physical performance.
Milk consumption and risk of twelve cancers: A large-scale observational and Mendelian randomisation study; Background & aims: Milk consumption is a modifiable lifestyle factor that has been associated with several cancer types in observational studies. Limited evidence exists regarding the causality of these relationships. Using a genetic variant (rs4988235) near the lactase gene (LCT) locus that proxies milk consumption, we conducted a comprehensive survey to assess potential causal relationships between milk consumption and 12 types of cancer. Methods: Our analyses were conducted using white British participants of the UK Biobank (n 1/4 up to 255,196), the FinnGen cohort (up to 260,405), and available cancer consortia. We included cancers with previous evidence of an association with milk consumption in observational studies, as well as cancers common in both UK Biobank and FinnGen populations (>1000 cases). We evaluated phenotypic associations of milk intake and cancer incidence in the UK Biobank, and then used a Mendelian randomisation (MR) approach to assess causality in the UK Biobank, FinnGen consortium, and combined analyses incorporating additional consortia data for five cancers. In MR meta-analyses, case numbers for cancers of breast, ovary, uterus, cervix, prostate, bladder and urinary tract, colorectum, and lung ranged between 6000 and 148,000 cases, and between 780 and 1342 cases for cancers of the liver, mouth, stomach and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Results: In observational analyses, milk consumption was associated with higher risk of bladder and urinary tract cancer (OR 1.23, 95% CI 1.03-1.47), but not with any other cancer. This association was not confirmed in the MR analysis, and genetically predicted milk consumption showed a significant association only with lower risk of colorectal cancer (0.89, 0.81-0.98 per additional 50 g/day). In the MR analyses conducted among individual cohorts, genetically predicted milk consumption provided evidence for an association with lower colorectal cancer in the FinnGen cohort (0.85, 0.74-0.97), and in the UK Biobank greater risk of female breast cancer (1.12, 1.03-1.23), and uterine cancer in pre-menopausal females (3.98, 1.48-10.7). Conclusion: In a comprehensive survey of milk-cancer associations, we confirm of a protective role of milk consumption for colorectal cancer. Our analyses also provide some suggestion for higher risks of breast cancer and premenopausal uterine cancer, warranting further investigation. (c) 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
The Effect of A2 Milk on Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Comparison to A1/A2 Milk: A Single-center, Randomized, Double-blind, Cross-over Study; beta-Casein, a major protein in cow's milk, is divided into the A1 and A2 type variants. Digestion of A1 beta-casein yields the peptide beta-casomorphin-7 which could cause gastrointestinal (GI) discomfort but A2 milk containing only A2 beta-casein might be more beneficial than A1/A2 (regular) milk. The aim of this study was to evaluate the differences in GI discomfort after ingestion of A2 milk and A1/A2 milk. A randomized, double-blind, cross-over human trial was performed with 40 subjects who experienced GI discomfort following milk consumption. For each intervention period, either A2 milk first (A2 -> A1/A2) or A1/A2 milk was first consumed for 2 weeks (A1/A2 -> A2) following a 2-week washout period. GI symptom rating scale (GSRS) scores, questionnaire for digestive symptoms, and laboratory tests including fecal calprotectin were evaluated. For symptom analysis, generalized estimating equations gamma model was used. A2 milk increased bloating (P = 0.041) and loose stools (P = 0.026) compared to A1/A2 milk in GSRS. However, A2 milk caused less abdominal pain (P = 0.050), fecal urgency (P < 0.001) and borborygmus (P = 0.007) compared to A1/A2 milk in questionnaire for digestive symptoms. In addition, fecal calprotectin also decreased or less increased after consumption of A2 milk compared to A1/A2 milk (P = 0.030), and this change was more pronounced in males (P = 0.005) than in females. There were no significant adverse reactions during the trial. A2 milk alleviated digestive discomfort in Koreans following A2 milk consumption (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT06252636 and CRIS KCT0009301).
Effect of Improving Dietary Quality on Arterial Stiffness in Subjects with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A 12 Months Randomised Controlled Trial; People with diabetes have accelerated arterial stiffening. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of increasing fruit, vegetable and dairy intake for 12 months on carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), augmentation index (AIx), and central blood pressure (cBP), compared to a usual diet control, in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In a 12 months randomised controlled trial, cfPWV, AIx and cBP were measured every 3 months. The intervention group received dietary counselling to increase consumption of fruit (+1 serving/day; 150 g/day), vegetables (+2 servings/day; 150 g/day) and dairy (+1 serving/day; 200-250 g /day) at baseline, 1, 3, 6 and 9 months. The control group continued on their usual diet. One hundred and nine participants were randomised and 92 (intervention n = 45; control n = 47) completed. At 3 months, fruit (184 g/day; p = 0.001) and dairy (83 g/day; p = 0.037) intake increased in the intervention group compared with the control group but this increase was not maintained at 12 months. After adjustment for baseline measurements there was no time by treatment effect for central systolic or diastolic BP, AIx or cfPWV. A time effect existed for AIx which modestly increased over time. Peripheral diastolic BP and central pulse pressure were improved in the intervention group compared with the control group at 12 months. In the cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, improving dietary quality by increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables and dairy did not improve cBP, AIx or cfPWV, compared with a control group continuing on their usual diet, after 12 months.
Exploiting genetic variability in the trajectory of lactation yield and somatic cell score with each progressing parity; The inclusion of reproductive performance in dairy cow breeding schemes has resulted in a cumulative improvement in genetic merit for reproductive performance; this improvement should manifest in longer productive lives through a reduced requirement for involuntary culling. Nonetheless, the average length of dairy cow productive life has not changed in most populations, suggesting that risk factors for culling, especially in older cows, are possibly more associated with lower yield or high somatic cell score (SCS) than compromised reproductive performance. The objective of the present study was to understand the dynamics of lactation yields and SCS in dairy cows across parities and, in doing so, quantify the potential to alter this trajectory through breeding. After edits, 3,470,520 305d milk, fat, and protein yields, as well as milk fat and protein percentage and somatic cell count records from 1,162,473 dairy cows were available for analysis. Random regression animal models were used to identify the parity in which individual cows reached their maximum lactation yields, and highest average milk composition and SCS; also estimated from these models were the (co)variance components for yield, composition, and SCS per parity across parities. Estimated breeding values for all traits per parity were calculated for cows reaching >= fifth parity. Of the cows included in the analyses, 91.0%, 92.2%, and 83.4% reached maximum milk, fat, and protein yield in fifth parity, respectively. Conversely, 95.9% of cows reached their highest average fat percentage in first parity and 62.9% of cows reached their highest average protein percentage in third parity. In contrast to both milk yield and composition traits, 98.4% of cows reached their highest average SCS in eighth parity. Individual parity estimates of heritability for milk yield traits, milk composition, and SCS ranged from 0.28 to 0.44, 0.47 to 0.69, and 0.13 to 0.23, respectively. The strength of the genetic correlations per trait among parities was inversely related to the interval between the parities compared; the weakest genetic correlation was 0.67 (standard error = 0.02) between milk yield in parities 1 and 8. Eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the additive genetic covariance matrices for all investigated traits revealed potential to alter the trajectory of parity profiles for milk yield, milk composition, and SCS. This was further demonstrated when evaluating the trajectories of animal estimated breeding values per parity.
A CASE-CONTROL STUDY OF WASHINGTON DAIRY HERDS EXPERIENCING DRUG RESIDUE VIOLATIONS IN MARKET CALVES; The purpose of this case-control study was to examine the association between management practices and the occurrence of violative drug residues in calves originating from Washington dairies. In 1992, 74 dairies were identified as first-time offenders sending to abattoirs calves less than 1 week of age that had violative residue levels. Of these, 56 answered a subset of previously validated management questions from the 1991-1992 US National Animal Health Monitoring System National Dairy Heifer Evaluation Program (NDHEP) study during a violation investigation and comprised the case group. The controls were the 51 randomly selected Washington dairies that participated in the NDHEP, completed the four NDHEP questionnaires, and had not been identified as having residue violations. Management factors investigated were those associated with maternity and pre-weaning hygiene, vaccination and preventive practices, type and management of liquid calf feed, and general management. Other factors included herd somatic cell count (SCC), the presence of clinical signs associated with diseases of body systems, and herd size. Significant associations were detected between violation occurrence and the management of calving cows, colostrum volume and management, and the person responsible for calf care. Significant associations but of the wrong direction were found between violation occurrence and type and management of liquid calf feed. No significant associations were detected between violation occurrence and the remaining management factors, herd size, animals entering the herd, or SCC.
Prophylactic treatment with a potent corticosteroid cream ameliorates radiodermatitis, independent of radiation schedule A randomized double blinded study; Background and purpose: The study will test the hypothesis that preventive topical steroid treatment instituted from start of radiotherapy can ameliorate acute radiation dermatitis. Subgroups of increased risk of dermatitis are included.
Milk thistle for the treatment of liver disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis; PURPOSE: Milk thistle, an herbal compound, is the dietary supplement taken most frequently by patients with chronic liver disease. We performed a systematic review of the literature to determine the efficacy and safety of this herb for the treatment of liver disease.
Thefta-Cream<SUP>®</SUP> versus Bepanthol<SUP>®</SUP> lotion in breast cancer patients under radiotherapy -: A new prophylactic agent in skin care?; Background and Purpose: In radiotherapy of the breast following breast-conserving surgery, the adverse reaction predominantly found is confined to the skin. After phase II studies, Theta-Cream(R), containing CM Glucan, Hydroxyprolisilan C und Matrixyl as active substances, was said to have prophylactic properties of preventing acute radiation side effects in skin tissue. In a prospective randomized study, Theta-cream(R) was compared with standard skin care using Bepanthol(R) lotion.
ECONOMIC-LOSSES DUE TO DISEASES AND CONSTRAINTS FOR DAIRY DEVELOPMENT IN KANGRA DISTRICT OF HIMACHAL-PRADESH; The study was carried out during 1990-91 mainly to examine the economic losses and constraints for dairy development following a multi-stage random-sampling technique. The analysis of data collected from 100 dairy farmers (61 small, 25 medium and 14 large) through personal interview method revealed that percentage of mortality increased due to increase in dairy herd size because of close contact of animals; in respect of morbidity no specific relationship was realised. The economic losses due to mortality and morbidity were higher on small and large farms respectively. These could be due to poor financial position of small farmers and easy access of large farmers to veterinary facilities. High cost of fodder and concentrates, scarcity of fodder, poor quality of agricultural land, illiteracy, scattered and fragmented holdings, lack of grazing lands and infestation of weeds and obnoxious grasses were reported to be the major problems for dairy development. The government must strengthen, extend, intensify the dairy development programme particularly with public involvement so that the equality between demand for and supply of mi Ik and milk products can be attained.
Medium chain fatty acid supplementation improves animal metabolic and immune status during the transition period: A study on dairy cattle; The transition period is the stage of the high incidence of metabolic and infectious diseases in dairy cows. Improving transition dairy cows' health is crucial for the industry. This study aimed to determine the effects of dietary supplementation medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) on immune function, metabolic status, performance of transition dairy cows. Twenty multiparous Holstein cows randomly assigned to two treatments at 35 d before calving. 1) CON (fed the basal 2) MCFA treatment (basal diet was supplemented at an additional 20 g MCFAs mixture every day) until 70 d after calving. The results showed that the serum amyloid A myeloperoxidase concentrations in the blood of cows in MCFA treatment significantly decreased during the early lactation (from 1 d to 28 d after calving) 0.03, 0.04, respectively) compared with the CON, while the tumor necrosis factor concentration was significantly decreased at 56 d after calving (P = 0.02). In addition, the concentration of insulin in the pre-calving (from 21 d before calving to calving) blood of cows in MCFA treatment was significantly decreased (P = 0.04), and concentration of triglyceride also showed a downward trend at 28 d after calving 0.07). Meanwhile, MCFAs supplementation significantly decreased the concentrations of lithocholic acid, hyodeoxycholic acid, and hyocholic acid in the blood at 1 d calving (P = 0.02, < 0.01, < 0.01, respectively), and the level of hyocholic acid taurocholic acid concentrations (P < 0.01, = 0.01, respectively) decreased dramatically at 14 d after calving. However, compared with the CON, the pre-calving dry matter intake and the early lactation milk yield in MCFA treatment were significantly decreased (P = 0.05, 0.02, respectively). In conclusion, MCFAs supplementation transition diet could improve the immune function and metabolic status of dairy cows, and the health of transition cows might be beneficial from the endocrine status.
Association between transfer of passive immunity and health disorders in multisource commingled dairy calves raised for veal or other purposes: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Inadequate transfer of passive immunity (ITPI) in newborn dairy calves remains an important risk factor for mortality and morbidity. Most available studies are focused on calves delivered and raised on the same farms. This setting is far different from calves transported and commingled from different farms to be raised as veal or for other purposes. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to describe the association between ITPI and important health outcomes (mortality, bovine respiratory disease, and diarrhea) in multisource commingled dairy calves raised for veal or other purposes. We searched studies through CAB abstracts (via CAB direct), PubMed, and Web of Science (via ISI) databases until September 2, 2021. Observational studies and randomized trials written in English or French assessing ITPI association with any of the selected outcomes were included. Young dairy calves transported to commercial facilities and explicitly stated as being raised for veal production or not (then considered as "other") were our populations of interest. If raw or adjusted data were available for =5 studies for a given outcome of interest, then random effect meta-analysis models were used to investigate ITPI effects on this outcome. Nineteen studies were selected from 6,221 abstracts retrieved in the initial search. We observed significantly higher odds of mortality in calves with ITPI compared with those with successful transfer of passive immunity [odds ratio (OR) = 2.46; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.43-4.22, n = 8 studies]. Calves with ITPI had higher odds of diarrhea (OR = 3.03; 95% CI: 1.2-7.62, n = 7 studies). A significant publication bias toward publishing studies with positive results was found in studies reporting on bovine respiratory disease (n = 5 studies), which revealed nonsignificant associations after correction of publication bias (OR = 1.40; 95% CI: 0.77-2.6). Heterogeneity could not be thoroughly investigated for mortality and diarrhea due to the limited number of studies. Therefore, the pooled estimates of the random models should be interpreted with caution despite their robustness to sensitivity analyses. In this study, we also observed that multiple definitions for transfer of passive immunity and outcomes were used in the literature. Moreover, the raising system definition was often limited. There seems, therefore, to be a need for standardized definitions of these parameters, as well as a better description of systems used for multisource commingled dairy calves raised for veal production or other production purposes.
Evaluation of GnRH treatment 12 days after AI in the reproductive performance of dairy cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of GnRH administered at Day 12 post-AI on the reproductive performance of dairy cows. Holstein-Friesian dairy cows (n = 103) on a large Hungarian dairy farm were allocated randomly to treated (n = 54) or control (n = 49) groups. Twelve days after AI, treated cows received a GnRH agonist i.m., while the control group received a placebo (physiological saline). Progesterone radioimmunoassay was used to determine the correct timing of artificial insemination (Day 0) and the incidence of luteal insufficiency on Day 12. Ultrasonography and radioimmunoassay for pregnancy-associated glycoprotein were used to detect pregnancy and late embryonic/fetal mortality between Days 32 and 55 after AI. Three cows from each group were inseminated when progesterone concentrations were > 1.0 ng/mL, and six cows (four from the treated and two from the control group) had luteal insufficiency (progesterone < 1.0 ng/mL) on Day 12. Late embryonic/fetal mortality occurred in three treated cows and in two control cows. When these cows were removed from the model, calving rates after first service were 59.6% (28/47) and 59.1% (26/44) for treated and control cows, respectively (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference between treated and control cows when they were inseminated before or after Day 100 from calving. In summary, administration of a GnRH agonist on Day 12 after AI did not improve reproductive performance in dairy cows. However, our approach may be used for the field evaluation of different treatment protocols. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparing efficacy and safety of potassium hydroxide 5% solution with 5-fluorouracil cream in patients with actinic keratoses: a randomized controlled trial; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre-cancerous skin lesion, associated with development of squamous cell carcinoma. Current treatment options are limited. Objectives To compare the efficacy and safety of topical 5-fluorouracil cream (5-FU) and potassium hydroxide 5% (KOH) in the treatment of AK. Methods Eighteen patients with AK applied KOH solution or 5-FU on each side of their scalp/face, randomly. The efficacy and safety of these treatments were compared. Results Thirteen (118 lesions) and ten (83 lesions) patients were successfully followed for one and three months, respectively. After one month, KOH showed a better clinical response (81% vs. 58%;p-value = 0.007) and dermoscopic response (KOH, 65% vs. 5-FU, 46%;p-value = 0.04); while no differences were noted after three months (clinical response, 83% vs.70%,p-value = 0.1; dermoscopic response, 76% vs. 59%,p-value = 0.1). No significant differences in the recurrence rate of the lesion between the two groups were noted at the end of the third month (p-value = 0.5). Regarding the safety of the treatments, the risk of developing erythema, scaling, sand swelling was higher in 5-FU group (p-value < 0.0001, for all), while more patients in KOH group had erosion and ulcer (p-value < 0.001 for both). KOH was up to 96% less expensive than 5-FU. Limitations Low number of patients and short-term follow-up limited the analysis. Conclusion KOH solution offers a faster and less expensive resolution of AK lesions than does 5-FU.
PERFORMANCE OF PRE-WEANED FEMALE CALVES CONFINED IN HOUSING AND OPEN ENVIRONMENT HUTCHES IN KUWAIT; Objective of the present study was to compare the responses of Holstein Friesian pre-weaned female calves confined in elevated metallic crates in closed-type of housing and polyvinyl hutches in an open environment of Kuwait. A total of 176 newborn Holstein Friesian female calves were randomly distributed to conventional confinement in closed-type calf houses (control) and individual calf hutch in open environment (treatment). These calves were monitored upto the weaning age of 90 days. The average daily live weight gain was significantly higher in calves housed in hutches than conventional housing system (413 versus 113 g/h/d; P <= 0.0001). Mean risk rates (RR) for mortality in hutch and conventional housing were 0.017 and 0.23, respectively. The results showed a significant positive impact of hutch housing with respect to growth, mortality and incidence of diseases in Kuwait's intensive dairy farming system.
Changes in conception rate, calving performance, and calf health and survival from the use of crossbred Jersey x Holstein sires as mates for Holstein dams; Differences in conception rates in matings of Holstein sires or F-1 Jersey x Holstein sires to Holstein dams in the University of Wisconsin - Madison experimental herd were evaluated, as were differences in birth weight, dystocia, serum protein, serum IgG, fecal consistency, respiratory disease, and perinatal and preweaning mortality among the resulting calves. When mated to randomly chosen, lactating Holstein cows, Holstein sires (n = 74) and crossbred sires (n = 7) did not differ in male fertility. Calves from Holstein sires and multiparous Holstein dams (n = 99) were 1.9 kg heavier than calves from crossbred sires and multiparous Holstein dams (n = 211), leading to greater likelihood (odds ratio of 1.24) of dystocia. Furthermore, calves from crossbred sires and multiparous Holstein dams had higher serum protein and serum IgG levels between 24 and 72 h of age, as well as lower rates of perinatal and preweaning morality than calves from Holstein sires and multiparous or primiparous Holstein dams. Mean fecal consistency scores from birth to 7 d of age and number of days with scours also tended to be lower among calves from crossbred sires, compared with calves from Holstein sires. No differences were observed in the incidence or severity of respiratory disease. Results of this study suggest that introduction of Jersey genes via crossbreeding may lead to a reduction in dystocia and improvements in calf health and survival in Holstein herds. Future studies should address other traits related to dairy farm profitability, including milk composition, female fertility, longevity, feed efficiency, and resistance to infectious and metabolic diseases.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases - art. no. CD003620.pub2; Background Alcohol and hepatotoxic viruses cause the majority of liver diseases. Randomised clinical trials have assessed whether extracts of milk thistle, Silybum marianum (L) Gaertneri, have any effect in patients with alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C virus liver diseases.
Therapeutic response of basal cell carcinoma to the immune response modifier imiquimod 5% cream; Background: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) responds to interferon therapy. Imiquimod is a cytokine and interferon inducer
Calcium and Vitamin D Intake and Mortality: Results from the Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study (CaMos); Context: Calcium and vitamin D are recommended for bone health, but there are concerns about adverse risks. Some clinical studies suggest that calcium intake may be cardioprotective, whereas others report increased risk associated with calcium supplements. Both low and high serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D have been associated with increased mortality.
Dairy attentuates oxidative and inflammatory stress in metabolic syndrome; Background: Oxidative and inflammatory stress are elevated in obesity and are further augmented in metabolic syndrome. We showed previously that dairy components suppress the adipocyte- and macrophage-mediated generation of reactive oxygen species and inflammatory cytokines and systemic oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in obesity.
Phase 1 study of topical perillyl alcohol cream for chemoprevention of skin cancer; Perillyl alcohol (POH) is a natural product derived from plants such as cherry and lavendin. Previous studies have indicated that topical POH inhibits ultraviolet (UV) B-induced skin carcinogenesis in vivo, and it may be an effective chemopreventive agent for skin cancer. We performed a 1-mo, first-in-man, Phase I trial of topically administered POH cream in human subjects. Endpoints included safety and evaluation of any histopathological changes in skin after 1 mo use of POH cream. We randomized 25 subjects with normal, healthy skin with little or no sun damage and no history of skin cancer in a double-blind fashion to receive topical POH (0.76% wt/wt) on 1 forearm with placebo cream applied to the other forearm twice daily for 30 days. Subjects were monitored for toxicity, and a 4 mm punch biopsy in the treated area was performed at the end of study for histopathological evaluation. The topical cream was well tolerated. No serious cutaneous toxicities, systemic toxicities, or histopathological abnormalities were observed. A total of 8 subjects (32%) reported mild adverse events possibly or probably related to use of cream including reversible appearance of 1 to 2 small papules. However, there was no significant difference between lesions appearing on the POH treated forearm vs. the placebo-treated forearm.
Randomized Pilot Study of a Keratin-based Topical Cream for Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients; Purpose: Radiotherapy (RT) is commonly used in the treatment of breast cancer and often, despite advances in fractionated dosing schedules, produces undesirable skin toxicity. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of using a keratin-based topical cream, KeraStat (R) Cream (KC; KeraNetics, Inc., Winston Salem, NC, USA) to manage the symptoms of radiation dermatitis (RD) in breast cancer patients undergoing RT. Materials and Methods: A total of 24 subjects were enrolled on this single-center, randomized, open-label study. Participants were randomly assigned to KC or standard of care (SOC, patient's choice of a variety of readily available creams or moisturizers). Patients were asked to apply the assigned treatment to the irradiated area twice daily, beginning with day 1 of RT, through 30 days post-RT. The primary outcome was compliance of use. Secondary outcomes included safety and tolerability of KC, as well as RD severity assessed using the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) scale and the patient-reported Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI). Results: All subjects in the KC group were assessed as compliant with no adverse events. The rate of RTOG Grade 2 RD was lower in the KC group (30.8%) compared to the SOC group (54.5%, P = .408). At the final RT visit, the mean RTOG RD score was lower in the KC group (1.0) versus the SOC group (1.4). Similarly, patient-reported quality of life measured by the DLQI at the end of RT was improved in the KC group (mean 4.25, small effect) versus the SOC group (mean 6.18, moderate effect, P = .412). Conclusions: KC was safe and well tolerated with no adverse events. Though efficacy measures were not powered to draw definitive conclusions, trends and clinical assessments suggest that there is a benefit of using KC compared to SOC for breast cancer patients treated with RT, and a larger powered study for efficacy is warranted. Trial Registry: This clinical trial is registered as NCT03374995 titled KeraStat(R) Cream for Radiation Dermatitis.
Consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> DN-114001 reduces the duration of respiratory infections in the elderly in a randomised controlled trial; Common infectious diseases (CID) of the airways and the gastrointestinal tract are still a considerable cause of morbidity and mortality in elderly. The present study examined the beneficial effect of a dairy product containing the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei DN-114001 (fermented product) on the resistance of free-living elderly to CID. The study was multicentric, double blind and controlled, involving 1072 volunteers (median age = 76.0 years) randomised for consumption of either 200 g/d of fermented (n 537) or control (non-fermented) dairy product (n 535) for 3 months, followed by an additional I month's follow-up. The results showed that, when considering all CID, the fermented product significantly reduced the average duration per episode of CID (6.5 v. 8 d in control group; P=0.008) and the Cumulative duration of CID (7 v. 8 d in control groups P=0.009). Reduction in both episode and Cumulative durations was also significant for all upper respiratory tract infections (URTI; P<0.001) and for rhinopharyngitis (P<0.001). This was accompanied with an increase of L. casei species in stools throughout the fermented product consumption (2-3.8 x 10(7) equivalents of colony-forming unit/g of stools, P<0.001). The cumulative number of CID (primary outcome) was not different between groups nor was the CID severity, fever, pathogens' occurrence, medication, immune blood parameters and quality of life. The fermented product was safe and well tolerated. In conclusion, consumption of a fermented dairy product containing the probiotic strain L. casei DN-114001 in elderly was associated with a decreased duration of CID in comparison with the control group, especially for URTI such as rhinopharyngitis.
Effect of passive transfer status and vaccination with <i>Escherichia coli</i> (J5) on mortality in comingled dairy calves; The effect of vaccination with a commercially available R-mutant coliform mastitis vaccine on the survival of comingled dairy calves on a farm with endemic salmonellosis was examined. A total of 864 calves were randomly assigned to either vaccine (n = 435) or control (n = 429) groups. Passive transfer status of each calf was determined using refractometer determination of serum total protein concentration. Logistic models were developed to determine the effects of vaccine group and passive transfer status on calf survival to 100 days of age, in a model in which serum protein concentration was treated as a categorical variable, increasing serum total protein concentrations were associated with decreased mortality until these concentrations exceeded 6.0 g/dL. Calves with serum protein concentrations >6.0 g/dL had increased risk for mortality compared with calves with serum protein concentrations >5.5 g/dL but less than or equal to 6.0 g/dL. This increased risk for mortality was supported by the results of a logistic model in which serum protein concentration was treated as a continuous variable. The increased risks associated with high serum protein concentration probably reflect the effect of dehydration in calves with occult disease. Neither model demonstrated any significant association between vaccination status and survival to 100 days of age. Based on these results, the routine immunization of calves cannot be recommended as a strategy to prevent mortality on farms with endemic salmonellosis.
The association between daily average feeding behaviors and morbidity in automatically fed group-housed preweaned dairy calves; Group housing and computerized feeding of pre weaned dairy calves is gaining popularity among dairy producers worldwide, yet disease incidence and detection remain a challenge in these systems. The aim of this prospective observational cohort study was to describe the relationship between morbidity and feeding behavior around the period of illness detection. Calves were enrolled upon entrance to the group pen on 10 farms in Minnesota (n = 4) and Virginia (n = 6) utilizing group housing and computerized feeding from February until October 2014. Morbidity and mortality events were recorded by the calf caregiver. Farms were visited either every week (Minnesota) or every other week (Virginia) to collect calf enrollment data, feeding behavior data, and health records. Daily average feeding behaviors (drinking speed, mL/min; daily consumption, L/d; rewarded visits to the feeder; and unrewarded visits to the feeder) were described both overall and for sick and healthy calf days. Multivariable mixed models were built to assess the differences in daily average feeding behaviors (drinking speed, daily consumption, rewarded visits, unrewarded visits) between matched sick and healthy calves around the time of an illness event (-10 to 10 d). Final models were controlled for calf age, region (Minnesota and Virginia), group size, disease diagnosis, the random effect of farm, and repeated measurements on calf. A stratified analysis was performed by both day from treatment event and disease diagnosis. We enrolled 1,052 calves representing 43,607 calf days over 9 mo. From these, 176 sick calves had a matched control and were carried forward to the matched pair analysis. Fifty-five percent of sick calves (97/176) were treated for diarrhea, 30% (53/176) were treated for pneumonia, and 15% (26/176) were treated for ill thrift. Sick calves drank 183 +/- 27 mL/min (mean +/- standard error) more slowly, drank 1.2 0.6 L/d less, and had 3.1 +/- 0.7 fewer unrewarded visits than control calves on the first day of treatment. These differences began up to 4 d before the calf was detected as sick, and persisted for 7 to 10 d after treatment. However, changes in feeding behaviors varied by disease diagnosed. Rewarded visits were not associated with morbidity status. The results of this study indicate that sick calves change their feeding behavior before and during an illness event, suggesting that feeding behavior may be a useful tool to detect disease onset.
Prophylactic strategies for hand-foot syndrome/skin reaction associated with systemic cancer treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Purpose Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) and hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) are common toxicities of several systemic cancer treatments. Multikinase inhibitor-induced HFSR is distinguished from chemotherapy-induced HFS in terms of pathogenesis, symptomatology, and treatment. Multiple trials have investigated the efficacy of preventive strategies such as COX-inhibitors, pyridoxine, and urea cream; however, no consensus has been made. This meta-analysis evaluated data from high-quality trials to provide strong evidence in forming recommendations to prevent systemic cancer therapy-induced HFS/HFSR. Methods A systematic search of PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, clinical trials databases, and hand searching were utilized to identify randomized trials (RCTs) investigating prophylactic strategies for HFS/HFSR in cancer patients receiving systemic treatment. Trials published until August 2021 were included. Using the random effects model, pooled odds ratios were calculated for rates of all-grade and severe HFS/HFSR. Subgroup analysis based on type of cancer treatment given was done. Results Sixteen RCTs were included (N=2814). For all-grade HFS/HFSR, celecoxib (OR 0.52, 95% CI 0.32-0.85, p=0.009) and urea cream (OR 0.48, 95% CI 0.39-0.60, p<0.00001) both showed statistically significant risk reduction. Celecoxib was effective in preventing HFS in patients who received capecitabine (50.5% vs 65%, p=0.05), while urea cream was effective in both capecitabine HFS (22.3% vs 39.5%, p=0.02) and sorafenib-induced HFSR (54.9% vs 71.4%, p<0.00001). Pyridoxine at higher doses showed a trend towards benefit in preventing all grade HFS (69.6% vs 74.1%, p=0.23). Conclusions Urea cream and celecoxib are both effective in preventing HFS/HFSR in patients receiving systemic cancer treatment. Particularly, celecoxib is more effective in preventing all-grade capecitabine-induced HFS, while urea cream shows more benefit in preventing moderate to severe sorafenib-induced HFSR. Studies investigating optimal dosing for celecoxib and urea cream are recommended. There is inadequate evidence to make recommendations regarding pyridoxine.
Milk Production in Goats on Veld Hay Supplemented with Selected Legume Forages; This study was designed to investigate the effects of supplementing silverleaf (Desmodium uncurtamm), velvet bean (Mucuna pruriens) and cowpea (Vigna unguiculata) forage legumes to low quality veld hay on milk production in indigenous goats. Sixteen Mashona indigenous lactating goats (weighing 30 +/- 2 kg) in their third parity were divided into four dietary treatment groups and used in a completely randomized design experiment. The daily feed intake on the treatment diets and hay was significantly (P <0.05) higher in goats supplemented with commercial concentrate feed (served as control) followed by cowpea, velvet bean and silverleaf. Total DM and ME intakes were not significantly (P > 0.05) different among the dietary groups. Milk yield was significantly different among the legume supplemented diets. Daily BW loss was significantly higher in goats supplemented with cowpea, as compared to those supplemented with commercial concentrate feed, silverleaf and velvet bean. The levels of milk production attained in this study implied that commercial concentrate feeds can be substituted with forage legumes without affecting either the milk yield or composition in goats and at lower cost especially for resource-constrained farming areas.
Three-Arm Randomized Phase III Trial: Quality Aloe and Placebo Cream Versus Powder as Skin Treatment During Breast Cancer Radiation Therapy; It has been proposed that aloe cream could reduce the severity of skin toxicity from radiation therapy for breast cancer. The present 3-arm study compared control powder with double-blind aloe or placebo cream and found that the patients who had used dry powder skin care during radiation therapy had a lower severity of skin toxicity than that of the patients who had used either the placebo or aloe cream. We recommend a dry powder regimen during radiation therapy to reduce the severity of skin toxicity.
Effects of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> and Oral Calcium Bolus on Lactation Performance, Ca Homeostasis, and Health of Multiparous Dairy Cows; Simple Summary Subclinical hypocalcemia severely affects the lactation and health of dairy cows. Subclinical hypocalcemia is still a concern with cows after postpartum oral Ca; thus, the single treatment approach gradually has shifted to a multitreatment approach in terms of subclinical hypocalcemia. Supplementing 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 could solve the problem of insufficient vitamin D-3 synthesis and blocked conversion in transition cows. The present study showed that feeding 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 combined with oral calcium not only improved serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 status and calcium homeostasis, but also had potential benefits on lactation performance and the health status during the transition period. Little information is available regarding the effect of supplementing 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 during the transition period combined with a postpartum oral calcium bolus on Ca homeostasis. The objectives of the current study were to evaluate the effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 combined with postpartum oral calcium bolus on lactation performance, serum minerals and vitamin D-3 metabolites, blood biochemistry, and antioxidant and immune function in multiparous dairy cows. To evaluate the effects of 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 combined with oral calcium, 48 multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to one of four treatments: (1) supplementing 240 mg/day vitamin D-3 without a postpartum oral Ca bolus (control), (2) supplementing 240 mg/day vitamin D-3 with an oral Ca bolus containing 90 g of Ca immediately post-calving (Ca + VitD), (3) supplementing 6 g/day 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 without an oral Ca bolus (25D), and (4) supplementing 6 g/day 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 with an oral Ca bolus containing 90 g of Ca immediately post-calving (Ca + 25D). Lactation performance during the first 21 days was measured. Blood was collected at the initiation of calving and then 1, 2, 7, 14, and 21 days relative to the calving date. The yield of milk (0.05 < p < 0.10), energy-corrected milk (p < 0.05), 3.5% fat-corrected milk (p < 0.05), and milk protein (p < 0.05) were significantly higher in 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3-treated groups within 3 weeks of lactation than in vitamin D-3-treated cows. The iCa (p < 0.05) and tCa (p < 0.05) were higher in both Ca and 25D + Ca cows than in the control and 25D groups within 48 h. The concentrations of serum tCa (p < 0.05), tP (p < 0.05), and 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 (p < 0.05) in 25D and 25D + Ca cows were higher than those in control and Ca cows within 21 days postpartum. Feeding 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 also showed a lower concentration of malondialdehyde (p < 0.05), interleukin 6 (p < 0.05), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (p < 0.05), as well as a higher concentration of alkaline phosphatase (p < 0.05), total antioxidant capacity (p < 0.05), and immunoglobulin G (p < 0.05) than vitamin D-3. Supplementing Ca bolus also showed lower concentrations of alanine transaminase (p < 0.05) and TNF-alpha (p < 0.05). In conclusion, supplementing 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 during the transition period combined with a postpartum oral calcium bolus improved lactation performance, Ca homeostasis, and antioxidant and immune function of medium-production dairy cows within 21 days postpartum.
Placental transfusion in preterm neonates of 30-33 weeks' gestation: a randomized controlled trial; Objectives To compare effect of placental transfusion by delayed cord clamping (DCC) or cord milking (CM) with early cord clamping (ECC) on a composite of mortality or abnormal neurological status at 40 weeks' post-menstrual age (PMA) and 24-30 months' chronological age in neonates of 30-33 weeks' gestation.
Dairy Consumption and Risk of Conventional and Serrated Precursors of Colorectal Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Objective. The consumption of dairy is associated with decreased risk of colorectal cancer (CRC), but few studies have assessed the relationship between dairy consumption and precursors of CRC. Therefore, we performed the first meta-analysis to further evaluate this association. Methods. PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched through July 2020 for observational studies. Study-specific risk estimates for the highest versus lowest category were pooled using the random-effects and fixed-effects model. The methodological quality of included studies was assessed using the ROBINS-I Scale. Results. A total of 12 studies were included (3 cohort studies and 9 case-control studies). Compared with the lowest level consumption, fermented dairy products had a decreased risk of precursors of CRC in both cohort (RR = 0.92 95% CI: 0.87-0.97) and case-control studies (RR = 0.98 95% CI: 0.96-0.99). Total dairy (RR = 0.80 95% CI: 0.68-0.96) and cheese (RR = 0.96 95% CI: 0.93-0.99) consumption was inversely associated with the risk in case-control studies whereas yogurt consumption was inversely associated with the risk in cohort studies (RR = 0.91 95%CI: 0.86-0.96). No significant associations were found for consumption of total milk and non/low-fat milk. For dose-response analyses, evidence of linear association was found in total dairy and yogurt consumption. The risk decreased by 12% for an increment of 200 g/d total dairy consumption (RR = 0.88 95% CI: 0.81-0.95) and decreased by 8% for an increment of 50 g/d yogurt consumption (RR = 0.92 95% CI: 0.85-0.99). Conclusions. Fermented dairy products, specifically yogurt and cheese, were significantly associated with decreased risk of conventional and serrated precursors of colorectal cancer.
A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of pseudocatalase cream and narrowband ultraviolet B in the treatment of vitiligo; Background Pseudocatalase cream in conjunction with narrowband ultraviolet B (NB-UVB) has previously been reported to result in repigmentation of vitiliginous skin.
Soy and the exercise-induced inflammatory response in postmenopausal women; Aging is associated with increasing inflammation and oxidative stress in the body, both of which can have negative health effects. Successful attenuation of such processes with dietary countermeasures has major public health implications. Soy foods, as a source of high-quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although the effects in healthy postmenopausal women are not well delineated. A single-blind, randomized controlled trial was conducted in 31 postmenopausal women who were assigned to consume 3 servings of soy (n = 16) or dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Parameters of systemic inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), and interleukin-6 (IL-6)) and the oxidative defense system (superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase, cyclooxygenase-2) were measured post supplementation, before and after an eccentric exercise bout performed to elicit an inflammatory response. A significant group-by-time effect for plasma TNF-alpha was observed (p = 0.02), with values in the dairy group increased post supplementation and then decreasing into the postexercise period. Additionally, significant time effects were observed for plasma SOD (p < 0.0001) and IL-6 (p < 0.0001) in the postexercise period. Overall results from our study do not support the notion that 4 weeks of daily soy milk ingestion can attenuate systemic elevations in markers of inflammation or oxidative defense. However, data do suggest that the downhill-running protocol utilized in this study can be effective in altering systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative defense enzyme activity, and that the ingestion of soy may help prevent fluctuations in plasma TNF-alpha.
Bacteria in Normal Canine Milk Analyzed by Blood Agar Medium; Simple Summary Albeit being crucial for survival of offspring, milk in the canine species is relatively poorly investigated. Normal milk microbiota is a proven and important source of bacteria able to colonize the gut of newborns described in several species, including humans. Scientists now consistently find a range of bacterial species in milk from healthy individuals lacking any clinical signs of mastitis. To elucidate this matter, we analyzed milk of healthy dams who delivered healthy puppies naturally and investigated whether it contains bacteria using standard culture media for aerobic and anaerobic growth of microorganisms. Results from 210 samples collected twice with an interval of 7 days in the early postpartum period reported Staphylococcaceae and Enterococcaceae to be most represented. No significant difference in bacterial growth from milk sampled first or second time was noted. Every dam had bacteria in most mammary glands, and only 14% of total samples had no bacterial growth. The composition of bacteria from all milk samples did not differ significantly, indicating consistent occurrence of bacteria in normal, healthy milk, not mere contamination. Considering the global threat posed by antibiotic resistance, their application should be avoided in individuals without additional clinical signs of inflammation. Studies of microbiota in normal canine milk from healthy dams are sparse. As is the case with blood and urine, it was considered that milk contains no microbiota. Any discovery of bacteria in canine milk is, therefore, often noted to be a result of contamination during sampling or interpreted as mastitis and treated with antibiotics. Milk was collected twice within 19 days after natural parturition from 11 lactating dams, with no general or local clinical signs of mastitis or other disease. The skin and teats were prepared with an antimicrobial protocol prior to each milk sampling. In total, 210 milk samples were collected and assessed for a number of bacterial colonies grown on each plate. Bacterial growth was detected in 180 samples (86%). Staphylococcus pseudintermedius, Enterococcus spp., Clostridium spp., Coagulase-Negative Staphylococci (CoNS), Streptococcus spp., Streptococcus canis, Bacillus spp., Pasteurella spp., and Escherichia coli were identified from pure and/or mixed bacterial growth, listed in descending order of occurrence. Despite the small sample size, the consistent occurrence of bacteria in early postpartum dams indicates a genuine occurrence of bacteria in canine milk, rather than random contamination. The finding of bacteria in the milk of dams should not, therefore, be the sole argument for the diagnosis of mastitis.
Nephroprotective Effect of Camel Milk and <i>Spirulina platensis</i> in Gentamicin-Induced Nephrotoxicity in Rats; Background and Objective: The increasing number of patients with chronic kidney disease throughout the world has shifted global attention towards prevention of renal disease. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the nephroprotective effect of both camel milk and aqueous extract of Spirulina platensis against gentamicin-induced nephrotoxicity in rats. Materials and Methods: About 30 male wistar rats were randomly divided into 5 groups. One group served as normal control (NC), while the other four groups were injected intraperitoneally with 80 mg kg(-1)/day gentamicin (GM). One of these 4 groups was kept as injury control (IC) and the remaining three groups received orally spirulina extract (SP), camel milk (CM) or combination of spirulina extract and camel milk (SPCM) for 28 days. Results: Administration of GM increased urea, creatinine and malondialdehyde (MDA) levels and decreased glutathione (GSH) levels. Histological examination of kidney sections showed extensive tubular necrosis due to administration of GM. Administration of CM, SP and their combination (SPCM) resulted in a significant improvement (p<0.05) in kidney ratio and oxidative stress markers (MDA, GSH). These positive effects were more pronounced when rats were given a combination of camel milk and spirulina (SPCM). In addition, SPCM showed a normal histological appearance better than that of SP or CM alone. Conclusion: Induced nephrotoxicity in rats can be ameliorated by camel milk and spirulina.
Intake of dairy products and associations with major atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Specific types of dairy products may be differentially associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies to summarize findings on the associations between total dairy product intake and intake of dairy product subgroups and the risk of major atherosclerotic CVDs in the general adult population. Our protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42019125455). PubMed and Embase were systematically searched through 15 August 2019. For high versus low intake and dose-response meta-analysis, random-effects modelling was used to calculate summary risk ratios (RR). There were 13 cohort studies included for coronary heart disease (CHD), 7 for ischemic stroke and none for peripheral artery disease. High-fat milk was positively associated with CHD (RR 1.08 (95% confidence interval 1.00-1.16) per 200 g higher intake/day) and cheese was inversely associated with CHD (RR 0.96 (95% confidence interval 0.93-0.98) per 20 g higher intake/day). Heterogeneity, however, was observed in high versus low meta-analyses. Milk was inversely associated with ischemic stroke in high versus low meta-analysis only. In conclusion, this systematic review indicates a positive association of high-fat milk and an inverse association of cheese with CHD risk. The findings should be interpreted in the context of the observed heterogeneity.
A series of in vitro and human studies of a novel lip cream formulation for protecting against environmental triggers of recurrent herpes labialis; Purpose: These studies describe the testing of a novel, daily-use lip cream designed for individuals with lips prone to recurrent herpes labialis (RHL) that protects against environmental triggers.
Calf health monitoring in Norwegian dairy herds; The aims of this study were to estimate the incidence of calf diseases in Norwegian dairy herds, improve calf health recordings in the Norwegian Cattle Health Recording System (NCHRS), and investigate different methods for validation of calf health data. A longitudinal, cross-sectional survey of calf health in Norway was performed between September 1, 2004, and January 31, 2007. The participating dairy herds were randomly selected from among herds registered in the Norwegian Dairy Herd Recording System as having at least 15 cow-years. Each herd participated for 1 yr. Diseases and treatments of calves of up to 180 d of age in 135 dairy herds were reported using the NCHRS. In total, 6,668 calves were born in the participating dairy herds during the project period. A total of 573 (29.6%) of the 1,936 calf health recordings reported were recordings of diseases and 1,363 (70.4%) were events of preventive therapy, dehorning, or castration. The recorded incidence of diarrhea and respiratory disease was 3.8% and 2.9%, respectively. The median age of occurrence of diarrhea and respiratory disease was 17 and 37 d, respectively. Three different methods, based on sampling of diseased calves, dehorning as an indicator of a well-functioning recording system, or feedback on degree of commitment to calf health recording, were tested to assess validation of the calf health records. The 3 methods indicated an underestimation of calf health records in the NCHRS of approximately 40% and an estimated "true" incidence of diarrhea and respiratory disease of 5.5 and 4.1%, respectively. The results from this study demonstrate the importance of encouraging farmers to conduct calf health recordings. They also indicate that finding a standardized method for validation of health data is a considerable challenge.
Changes in serum pregnancy-associated glycoprotein, pregnancy-specific protein B, and progesterone concentrations before and after induction of pregnancy loss in lactating dairy cows; Lactating crossbred dairy cows were synchronized to receive a timed artificial insemination (TAI), and blood samples were collected from all cows from TAI until pregnancy diagnosis 39 d after TAI (period 1), and from pregnant cows from onset of treatment until the end of the experiment (period 2). Cows diagnosed pregnant 39 d after TAI were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments to receive (1) an i.m. injection of saline (CON, n = 10); (2) an i.m. injection of PGF(2 alpha) (PGF, n = 10); or (3) an intrauterine infusion of 120 mL of hypertonic saline (INF, n = 9). During period 1, serum pregnancy-associated glycoprotein (PAG) concentrations began to increase in pregnant cows by 25 d after TAI and differed from those in nonpregnant cows by 27 d after TAI, whereas serum pregnancy-specific protein B (PSPB) concentrations in pregnant cows differed from those in nonpregnant cows by 22 d after TAI. During period 2, time from treatment to cessation of the embryonic heartbeat was greater for PGF than for INF cows (36.0 +/- 5.7 vs. 0.2 +/- 0.1 h, respectively), and time from treatment to conceptus disappearance was greater for INF than for PGF cows (7.1 +/- 3.3 vs. 1.9 +/- 0.3 d, respectively). Overall, progesterone concentration was greater for CON and INF than for PGF cows (8.7 +/- 2.8, 8.2 +/- 3.1, and 1.0 +/- 2.3 ng/mL, respectively) due to luteal regression for PGF cows and corpus luteum maintenance for CON and INF cows. Serum PAG and PSPB concentrations differed among CON cows and PGF and INF cows beginning 1 and 2.5 d after treatment for PAG and PSPB, respectively. By 9.5 d after treatment, PAG and PSPB concentrations were similar to those of nonpregnant cows. We conclude that although timing of conceptus expulsion occurred 5.2 d later for INF than for PGF cows, serum PAG and PSPB concentrations decreased at a similar rate from the onset of treatment for both models of pregnancy loss evaluated.
Dairy farming in Kars district, Turkey: III. Neonatal calf health; The study was designed to determine the health status of neonatal calves on dairy farms in Kars district. It involved retrospective questioning (2001 calving season) and prospective follow up (2002 calving season). The localities and farms were selected from a list using a 2-stage stratified random sampling method. Farms were weekly visited by authors during the 2002 calving season for clinical problems. A total of 624 calves, born on 45 farms from 7 different localities, were followed up in the 2002 calving season. On the same farms data were collected regarding 582 neonatal calves in the 2001 calving season by questionnaire. The overall morbidity in 2002 and 2001 was 51.1% and 36.3%, respectively. The morbidity of diarrhoea, omphalitis, pneumonia, premature birth, omphalitis-enteritis complex, and pneumonia-enteritis complex were 24.4%, 13%, 3.4%, 2.4%, 2.4%, and 1% in 2002, and 17.4%, 1.4%, 6.2%, 0%, 2.7%, and 6% in the 2001 calving season, respectively. Clinical problems of trauma, umbilical hernia, complicated hernia, and an unknown reason were also diagnosed at low proportion. The overall mortality determined in 2001 and 2002 was 10.5% and 6.7%, respectively. The most common causes of mortality were diarrhoea (2.2%), premature birth (2.1%), and trauma (0.8%) in 2002 while diarrhoea (7.7%), pneumonia (0.7%), and Foot and Mouth Disease (1.4%) were most common in 2001. Additionally, deaths due to pneumonia, omphalitis, congenital deformation, and an unknown reason were also experienced. Age distribution of cases revealed that diarrhoea and omphalitis were common in the first 2 weeks of life while pneumonia was more frequent in the 4th week of neonatal life. A positive association between group size and disease existence was determined. Of the cases examined, 12.9% (12/93) had the failure of passive transfer while all controls had adequate colostrums (0/45).
Association between <i>Neospora caninum</i> seropositivity and perinatal mortality in dairy heifers at first calving; Associations between Neospora caninum infection and the reproductive performance of dairy heifers in their first and second pregnancy on 18 UK farms were examined. Six-month-old heifer calves were tested for N coninum-specific antibodies with a commercial ELISA, and were then monitored until their second calving. Random-effects regression analyses were performed on the data, using serological status as the explanatory variable. Of 460 heifers tested, 7.2 per cent were seropositive. Seropositive heifers were more likely to suffer gestational loss (late embryonic/early fetal loss and abortion) than seronegative heifers during their first (odds ratio [OR] 5.3, P<0.01) and second (OR 6.0, P<0.001) pregnancy. Seropositive heifers were also four times more likely to experience perinatal mortality (calf born dead or dying within 24 hours of parturition) at first (OR 3.9, P<0.01) and second (OR 4.5, P<0.1) calving. No significant association between seropositivity and the fertility parameters (age at first breeding and calving, days from calving to first service and conception, services per conception and calving interval) or conception failure was found. The results suggest that N caninum infection before pregnancy is a significant contributing factor to gestational loss and perinatal death, and thus serological screening of potential replacement heifers is recommended.
Effect of Topical Fluorouracil Cream on Photodamage Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Photoaging, which is premature skin aging caused by long-term UV exposure, is of aesthetic concern to many patients.& para;& para;OBJECTIVE To investigate the effect of topical fiuorouracil, 5%, cream on photoaging using validated photonumeric scales.& para;& para;DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial was a randomized clinical trial of 932 US veterans with a recent history of 2 or more keratinocyte carcinomas performed from September 30,2011, through June 30, 2014, to assess the chemopreventive effects of a standard course of topical fiuorouracil. Photographs were taken at baseline and at numerous time points for up to 4 years. In our secondary analysis, 2 independent dermatologists graded these photographs using 4 validated photonumeric scales. A total of 3042 photographs from 281 participants randomized to apply topical fiuorouracil or placebo were evaluated at baseline, 6 months, 12 months, and 18 months using 4 photonumeric scales (Griffiths scale, Allergan forehead lines scale, melomental folds scale, and crow's feet scale). Data analysis was performed from November 1, 2016, to January 1,2017.& para;& para;INTERVENTIONS Participants were randomized to apply topical fiuorouracil, 5%, cream or a vehicle control cream to the face and ears twice daily for 2 to 4 weeks for a total of 28 to 56 doses.& para;& para;MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Effect of a standard course of fiuorouracil on the extent of photodamage as measured using 4 photonumeric scales.& para;& para;RESULTS The study population was predominantly male (274 [97.5%]) and white (281 [100%]), with a mean (SD) age of 71.5 (0.57) years. No statistically significant changes were found in photodamage between baseline and 6 months (Griffiths scale: chi(2 )= 0.01, P = .93; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi(2 )= 0.18, P = .67; melomental fold scale: chi(2 )= 0.03, P = .87; crow's feet scale: chi(2 )= 2.41, P = .12), 12 months (Griffiths scale: chi(2) = 1.39, P = .24; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi(2) = 0.64, P = .43; melomental fold scale: chi(2) = 0.12, P = .73; crow's feet scale: chi(2) = 1.07, P = .30), and 18 months (Griffiths scale: chi(2) = 3.11, P = .08; Allergan forehead lines scale: chi(2) = 0.89, P = .34; melomental fold scale: chi(2) = 1.64, P = .20; crow's feet scale: chi(2)= 0.46, P = .50).& para;& para;CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This study did not demonstrate improvement in photoaging with a standard course of topical fiuorouracil, 5%, cream, a finding that may be attributable to a true lack of effect in photodamage or limitations of the photonumeric scales in capturing the effect. The development of photonumeric scales that include manifestations of photoaging other than rhytids, such as lentigines, hyperpigmentation, and telangiectasias, should be considered.
Topical Imiquimod for the Treatment of High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions of the Cervix A Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the histologic response rate of high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix after topical application of 5% imiquimod cream. METHODS: In this phase II trial, women with cervical HSIL (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia [CIN] 2-3) were randomly assigned to 250 mg of 5% imiquimod cream applied to the cervix weekly for 12 weeks, followed by loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) without preceding treatment. The sample size was calculated based on the HSIL regression rates previously reported by Grimm et al. The primary outcome was rate of histologic regression (to CIN 1 or less) in LEEP specimens. Prespecified secondary endpoints included surgical margin status and adverse events. Outcomes were stratified by human papillomavirus type and lesion grade (CIN 2 or CIN 3). Results were reported according to per protocol (PP) and intention-to-treat (ITT) analyses. RESULTS: Ninety women were enrolled: 49 in the experimental group and 41 in the control group. In the PP population, histologic regression was observed in 23 of 38 participants (61%) in the experimental group compared with 9 of 40 (23%) in the control group (P=.001). Surgical margins were negative for HSIL in 36 of 38 participants (95%) in the experimental group and 28 of 40 (70%) in the control group (P=.004). In the ITT population, rates of histologic regression also were significantly higher in the experimental group. Rates of adverse events in the experimental group were 74% (28/38) in the PP population and 78% (35/45) in the ITT population. Adverse events were mild, with abdominal pain being the most common. Three patients in the experimental group had grade 2 adverse events, including vaginal ulcer, vaginal pruritus with local edema, and moderate pelvic pain. CONCLUSION: Weekly topical treatment with imiquimod is effective in promoting regression of cervical HSIL.
Mortality in East African shorthorn zebu cattle under one year: predictors of infectious-disease mortality; Background: Infectious livestock diseases remain a major threat to attaining food security and are a source of economic and livelihood losses for people dependent on livestock for their livelihood. Knowledge of the vital infectious diseases that account for the majority of deaths is crucial in determining disease control strategies and in the allocation of limited funds available for disease control. Here we have estimated the mortality rates in zebu cattle raised in a smallholder mixed farming system during their first year of life, identified the periods of increased risk of death and the risk factors for calf mortality, and through analysis of post-mortem data, determined the aetiologies of calf mortality in this population. A longitudinal cohort study of 548 zebu cattle was conducted between 2007 and 2010. Each calf was followed during its first year of life or until lost from the study. Calves were randomly selected from 20 sub-locations and recruited within a week of birth from different farms over a 45 km radius area centered on Busia in the Western part of Kenya. The data comprised of 481.1 calf years of observation. Clinical examinations, sample collection and analysis were carried out at 5 week intervals, from birth until one year old. Cox proportional hazard models with frailty terms were used for the statistical analysis of risk factors. A standardized post-mortem examination was conducted on all animals that died during the study and appropriate samples collected.
The amount and type of dairy product intake and incident type 2 diabetes: results from the EPIC-InterAct Study; Background: Dairy product intake may be inversely associated with risk of type 2 diabetes, but the evidence is inconclusive for total dairy products and sparse for types of dairy products.
Biomarkers of dairy fat intake and risk of cardiovascular disease: A systematic review and meta analysis of prospective studies; Background: Circulating biomarkers of dairy fat provide objective measures of dairy fat intake and facilitate conclusions relevant to populations with different diets and susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases (CVD).
Combined perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine-prilocaine (LP) cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel provide better pain relief than combined PI LP cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal prostate biopsy; What's known on the subject? and What does the study add? Study Type Harm Reduction RCT Level of Evidence 1b The combination of perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block effectively counteracts probe and sampling related pain during transrectal prostate biopsy, but not pain due to periprostatic infiltration. The novel combination of lidocaine-prilocaine cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel, both administered perianal-intrarectally, provides the same probe and sampling-related pain relief than combined perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block and prevents the non-negligable pain due to periprostatic infiltration, thus leading to better overall patients' compliance to the procedure.
Combination of Perianal-Intrarectal Lidocaine-Prilocaine Cream and Periprostatic Nerve Block for Pain Control During Transrectal Ultrasound Guided Prostate Biopsy: A Randomized, Controlled Trial; Purpose: To our knowledge the optimal analgesia during prostate biopsy remains undetermined. We tested the efficacy and safety of combined perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine cream and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy.
Efficacy of an aloe vera, chamomile, and thyme cosmetic cream for the prophylaxis and treatment of mild dermatitis induced by radiation therapy in breast cancer patients (the Alantel study); Objectives: Radiation -induced dermatitis (RD) is one of the most common toxicities in radiation therapy (RT) patients. Corticosteroids, immunosuppressants, and natural products (NPs) have been used as treatment. The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of a NPs -based cream (Alantel (R)) to reduce the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer undergoing RT treatment. Design: We conducted a controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Setting: Radiation Oncology Unit of the Reina Sofia Hospital and 5 Primary Care centers of the Cordoba and Guadalquivir Health District (Spain). Interventions: Patients assigned to the experimental group (GTA) were treated with Alantel, while those in the control group (GTE) were treated with a moisturizer and emollient cream. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome variable was the incidence of RD. RD -free time, duration of RD, quality of life, and product safety were also assessed. Results: Seventy patients were included in the study, 35 in the GTA and 35 in the GTE. The incidence of RD was lower in the GTA (71.4%) than in the GTE (91.4%) after 4 weeks of follow-up (RR = 0.78; NNT = 5; p < 0.031). The Skindex-29 questionnaire showed differences in the statement: " My skin condition makes it hard to work or do hobbies " (17.1% in the GTE vs. 2.9% in GTA; p = 0.024). Conclusions: The higher efficacy of Alantel (R) compared to the control cream in reducing the incidence of RD in women with breast cancer has been demonstrated.
Prostate cancer - evidence of exercise and nutrition trial (PrEvENT): study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial; Background: A growing body of observational evidence suggests that nutritional and physical activity interventions are associated with beneficial outcomes for men with prostate cancer, including brisk walking, lycopene intake, increased fruit and vegetable intake and reduced dairy consumption. However, randomised controlled trial data are limited. The 'Prostate Cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial' investigates the feasibility of recruiting and randomising men diagnosed with localised prostate cancer and eligible for radical prostatectomy to interventions that modify nutrition and physical activity. The primary outcomes are randomisation rates and adherence to the interventions at 6 months following randomisation. The secondary outcomes are intervention tolerability, trial retention, change in prostate specific antigen level, change in diet, change in general physical activity levels, insulin-like growth factor levels, and a range of related outcomes, including quality of life measures.
Japanese-Style Diet and Cardiovascular Disease Mortality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; This systematic review and meta-analysis elucidate the effects of the Japanese-style diet and characteristic Japanese foods on the mortality risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), cerebrovascular disease (stroke), and heart disease (HD). This review article followed the PRISMA guidelines. A systematic search in PubMed, The Cochrane Library, JDreamIII, and ICHUSHI Web identified prospective cohort studies on Japanese people published till July 2020. The meta-analysis used a random-effects model, and heterogeneity and publication bias were evaluated with I-2 statistic and Egger's test, respectively. Based on inclusion criteria, we extracted 58 articles, including 9 on the Japanese-style diet (n = 469,190) and 49 (n = 2,668,238) on characteristic Japanese foods. With higher adherence to the Japanese-style diet, the pooled risk ratios (RRs) for CVD, stroke, heart disease/ischemic heart disease combined (HD/IHD) mortality were 0.83 (95% CI, 0.77-0.89, I-2 = 58%, Egger's test: p = 0.625, n = 9 studies), 0.80 (95% CI, 0.69-0.93, I-2 = 66%, Egger's test: p = 0.602, n = 6 studies), and 0.81 (95% CI, 0.75-0.88, I-2 = 0%, Egger's test: p = 0.544, n = 6 studies), respectively. Increased consumption of vegetables, fruits, fish, green tea, and milk and dairy products decreased the RR for CVD, stroke, or HD mortality. Increased salt consumption elevated the RR for CVD and stroke mortality. Increased consumption of dietary fiber and plant-derived protein decreased the RR for CVD, stroke, and HD/IHD mortality. The Japanese-style diet and characteristic Japanese foods may reduce CVD mortality. Most studies conducted diet surveys between 1980 and the 1990s. This meta-analysis used articles that evaluated the same cohort study by a different method. A new large-scale cohort study matching the current Japanese dietary habits is needed to confirm these findings.
Factors associated with daily weight gain in preweaned calves on dairy farms; The preweaning period is vital in the development of calves on dairy farms and improving daily liveweight gain (DLWG) is important to both financial and carbon efficiency; minimising rearing costs and improving first lactation milk yields. In order to improve DLWG, veterinary advisors should provide advice that has both a large effect size as well as being consistently important on the majority of farms. Whilst a variety of factors have previously been identified as influencing the DLWG of preweaned calves, it can be challenging to determine their relative importance, which is essential for optimal on-farm management decisions. Regularised regression methods such as ridge or lasso regression provide a solution by penalising variable coefficients unless there is a proportional improvement in model performance. Elastic net regression incorporates both lasso and ridge penalties and was used in this research to provide a sparse model to accommodate strongly correlated predictors and provide robust coefficient estimates. Sixty randomly selected British dairy farms were enrolled to collect weigh tape data from preweaned calves at birth and weaning, resulting in data being available for 1014 calves from 30 farms after filtering to remove poor quality data, with a mean DLWG of 0.79 kg/d (range 0.49?1.06 kg/d, SD 0.13). Farm management practices (e.g. colostrum, feeding, hygiene protocols), building dimensions, temperature/humidity and colostrum quality/bacteriology data were collected, resulting in 293 potential variables affecting farm level DLWG. Bootstrapped elastic net regression models identified 17 variables as having both a large effect size and high stability. Increasing the maximum preweaned age within the first housing group (0.001 kg/d per 1d increase, 90 % bootstrap confidence interval (BCI): 0.000-0.002), increased mean environmental temperature within the first month of life (0.012 kg/d per 1 ?C increase, 90 % BCI: 0.002-0.037) and increased mean volume of milk feeding (0.012 kg/d per 1 L increase, 90 % BCI: 0.001-0.024) were associated with increased DLWG. An increase in the number of days between the cleaning out of calving pen (-0.001 kg/d per 1d increase, 90 % BCI: -0.001-0.000) and group housing pens (-0.001 kg/d per 1d increase, 90 % BCI: -0.002-0.000) were both associated with decreased DLWG. Through bootstrapped elastic net regression, a small number of stable variables have been identified as most likely to have the largest effect size on DLWG in preweaned calves. Many of these variables represent practical aspects of management with a focus around stocking demographics, milk/colostrum feeding, environmental hygiene and environmental temperature; these variables should now be tested in a randomised controlled trial to elucidate causality.
Prevention of radiation-induced moist desquamation in the tropics: A literature review of non-prescription skin care products; Introduction: Many patients undergoing radiation treatment experience moist desquamation, a severe acute skin reaction. The pain, discomfort and dressing applications subsequent to moist desquamation exacerbate the distress associated with the patients' cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Factors affecting the size of ovulatory follicles and conception rate in high-yielding dairy cows; Two studies were designed to determine (1) the effects of Heatsynch and Ovsynch protocols versus spontaneous ovulation and (2) the effects of calving problems, clinical uterine infections, and clinical mastitis on the size of the ovulatory follicle, conception rate, and embryonic/fetal (E/F) death in high-yielding dairy cows. In study 1, cows without the history of calving problems, clinical uterine infections, and clinical mastitis were randomly allocated to either an Ovsynch (n = 45) or Heatsynch (n = 39) ovulation synchronization protocol or spontaneous ovulation (n = 43) groups. Blood samples were collected on the day of artificial insemination (AI) to measure progesterone (P-4), estradiol-17 beta, and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and 7 days later to measure P-4. Study 2 consisted of cows (n = 351) with or without the history of calving problems, clinical uterine infections, and clinical mastitis which were artificially inseminated after a 55-day voluntary waiting period. Transrectal ultrasonography was performed at the time of AI to measure the ovulatory follicle size and on Days 30 and 68 after Al to diagnose pregnancy in both studies. In study 1, the mean (+/- standard error of the mean) diameter of the ovulatory follicle was greater (P = 0.0005) and E/F mortality was lower (P = 0.007) for the spontaneous ovulation group compared with Ovsynch and Heatsynch groups. Serum concentration of P-4 on Day 7 after Al was correlated with the size of the ovulatory follicle (P = 0.007). Conception rate at Days 30 and 68 was not significantly different between the three experimental groups in study 1. Cows with serum IGF-1 concentrations greater than 55 ng/mL at Al had significantly higher Day 68 conception rate (50% vs. 24%) and lower E/F death (16.6% vs. 40%) compared to cows with serum IGF-1 concentrations lower than 56 ng/mL at AI. The conception rate on Days 30 and 68 for follicles of 10 to 14 mm in diameter (34% and 21.8%) was significantly lower than follicles of 14.1 to 19 mm in diameter (60% and 50%), respectively (P < 0.05). In study 2, the ovulatory follicle in cows with clinical uterine infections was smaller than that in cows without clinical uterine infections (16.4 vs. 17.1 mm; P = 0.04). In conclusion, the size of the ovulatory follicle is affected by ovulation synchronizing protocols and postpartum clinical uterine infections. In addition, cows with higher serum IGF-1 concentrations on the day of AI had higher Day 68 conception rate and lower E/F death. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of soybean protein on novel cardiovascular disease risk factors: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in the United States and the world. Clinical trials have suggested that soybean protein lowers lipids and blood pressure. The effect of soybean protein on novel CVD risk factors has not been well studied. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of soybean protein on biomarkers of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction and adipocytokines.
Supplementation with <i>N</i>-carbamoylglutamate during the transition period improves the function of neutrophils and reduces inflammation and oxidative stress in dairy cows; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of N-carbamoylglutamate (NCG) supplementation during the transition period on the functions of blood polymorphonuclear neutrophils (PMN), inflammation, and oxidative stress in dairy cows. Thirty multiparous Chinese Holstein dairy cows at wk 4 before parturition were blocked into 2 groups by parity, body weight, and milk yield of previous lactation, and randomly allocated to 2 dietary treatments of basal diet supplemented without (control, n = 15) or with 20 g/d per cow of NCG (NCG, n = 15). The supplementation was carried out from d -21 to 21 relative to calving. Health incidents (mastitis, retained placenta, and lameness) were recorded, and blood samples were collected at d -21, -7, 0 (the calving date), 7, and 21 relative to parturition and analyzed for variables related to inflammation and oxidative stress. In addition, whole blood was collected at d 7 to isolate PMN and used for analysis of the expression of functional genes and from d -21 to 21 for determination of weekly hematological parameters. The number of lymphocytes was greater at d 7 in the blood of NCG cows. The plasma level of malondialdehyde was lower in the NCG group, and blood reactive oxygen species were lower at d 7, whereas total antioxidant capacity tended to be greater in the NCG group and glutathione peroxidase tended to be higher at d 21 in cows fed NCG, suggesting that NCG supplementation improved antioxidation in cows. In addition, the concentration of serum amyloid A was lower in NCG-fed animals during the postpartum stage. Blood concentrations of IL6 and tumor necrosis factor-a were lower and tended to be lower in NCG-fed animals at d 7, respectively. Meanwhile, the concentrations of IL6 tended to be lower in NCG-fed animals at d 21. Furthermore, the expression of S100A9 and MMP9 in the PMN was lower and tended to be lower, respectively, whereas the expression of ITGB2, XBP1 tended to be higher and expression of CLEC6A was higher in NCG-fed cows. Overall, our results indicated that supplementation with NCG during the transition period showed the beneficial effects on animal health, by improving PMN functions and alleviating inflammation status and oxidative stress in dairy cows.
Urinary excretion of sex steroid hormone metabolites after consumption of cow milk: a randomized crossover intervention trial; Background: Current cow milk production practices introduce considerable levels of pregnancy hormones into the milk. Humans are exposed to these hormones when cow milk is consumed, and this may explain the observed association between cow milk consumption and several hormone-sensitive cancers.
Long-term efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in medical monotherapy of complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas; Purpose: To study the long-term efficacy and safety of local application of imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% creams in complex eyelid basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Methods: A retrospective, non-comparative study in biopsy-proven, complex (involving canthi or >50% of eyelid length) eyelid BCC patients who were medically unfit for surgical procedures. All patients were medically treated with either of the creams using fixed-dose regimens for a minimum of 3 months. All received oral vitamin C 500 mg QID for 3 months as an adjunct for collagen healing. A minimum of "post-treatment" follow-up of 12 months was observed. Results: Of total 30 patients, imiquimod 5% and fluorouracil 1% were used in 16 and 14 patients, respectively. The mean age of our patients was 70.5 years. The co-morbidities included - severe coronary artery disease using blood-thinners (n = 19), poorly controlled diabetes (n = 12), poorly controlled hypertension (n = 6), on nebulization (n = 3), and tuberculosis with pulmonary fibrosis (n = 2). Complete clinical tumor resolution was noted in 10 and 8 patients over 12 and 16.5 weeks, respectively, in imiquimod and fluorouracil groups. Periocular skin erythema, chemical conjunctivitis, and skin depigmentation were seen in all the patients of imiquimod group. On the other hand, the local side-effect profile in fluorouracil patients was limited. Conclusion: The medical treatment of complex eyelid BCC is a useful alternative to surgery in the elderly with significant co-morbidities. It provides a promising long-term relief with a tolerable side-effect profile. A prospective, randomized, double-blinded trial would provide stronger evidence for the efficacy of these drugs.
Physical Activity and Prostate Cancer Mortality in Puerto Rican Men; Studies on the association between physical activity and fatal prostate cancer have produced inconclusive results. The Puerto Rico Heart Health Program was a cohort study of a randomly selected sample of 9824 men age 35 to 79 years at baseline who were followed for mortality until 2002. Multiple examinations collected information on lifestyle, diet, body composition, exercise, urban-rural residence, and smoking habits. Physical activity status was measured using the Framingham Physical Activity Index, an assessment of occupational, leisure-time, and other physical activities measured as usual activity over the course of a 24-hour day. Physical activity was stratified into quartiles. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the association of physical activity with prostate cancer mortality. Other covariates included age, education, urban-rural residence, smoking, and body mass index. Compared with the lowest level of physical activity (Q1), the risk of prostate cancer mortality was OR = 0.99 (95% CI = 0.64-1.55) for Q2, OR = 1.34 (95% CI = 0.88-2.05) for Q3, and OR = 1.19 (95% CI = 0.75-1.90) for Q4. Further analyses by age group, overweight status, or vigorous physical activity also did not show a significant association between physical activity and prostate cancer mortality. Physical activity did not predict prostate cancer mortality in this group of Puerto Rican men.
Pain relief for women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia undergoing colposcopy treatment; Background
Topical Imiquimod Treatment of High-grade Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia (TOPIC-3): A Nonrandomized Multicenter Study; Topical imiquimod could be an alternative, noninvasive, treatment modality for high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). However, evidence is limited, and there are no studies that compared treatment effectiveness and side effects of topical imiquimod cream to standard large loop excision of the transformation zone (LLETZ) treatment. A multi-center, nonrandomized controlled trial was performed among women with a histologic diagnosis of CIN 2/3. Women were treated with either vaginal imiquimod (6.25 mg 3 times weekly for 8 to 16 wk) or LLETZ according to their own preference. Successful treatment was defined as the absence of high-grade dysplasia at the first follow-up interval after treatment (at 20 wk for the imiquimod group and at 26 wk for the LLETZ group). Secondary outcome measures were high-risk human papillomavirus (hrHPV) clearance, side effects, and predictive factors for successful imiquimod treatment. Imiquimod treatment was successful in 60% of women who completed imiquimod treatment and 95% of women treated with LLETZ. hrHPV clearance occurred in 69% and 67% in the imiquimod group and LLETZ group, respectively. This study provides further evidence on topical imiquimod cream as a feasible and safe treatment modality for high-grade CIN. Although the effectiveness is considerably lower than LLETZ treatment, imiquimod treatment could prevent initial surgical treatment in over 40% of women and should be offered to a selected population of women who wish to avoid (repeated) surgical treatment of high-grade CIN.
The acute effects of milk intake on calcium homeostasis and cardiovascular outcome: A randomized crossover trial in postmenopausal women; Objective The importance of calcium intake from dairy in regard to cardiovascular health has been investigated in several studies with discrepant results. Hence, we aim to investigate the immediate effects of milk intake on cardiovascular function. Design A randomized crossover study with at least 10 days for washout between the two interventions, 500 ml of water with 200 mu g of cholecalciferol or 500 ml of semi-skimmed milk containing approximately 600 mg of calcium with 200 mu g of cholecalciferol. Patients Twenty community-based postmenopausal women aged 60-80 years. Measurements Parathyroid hormone and ionized calcium were measured at baseline and after 2 and 4 h on each study day. Pulse wave analysis and velocity were measured at baseline and after 4 h on each study day. Results Compared to water, milk intake increased ionized calcium levels by 0.02 mmol/L (p = .029) and decreased parathyroid hormone levels by 1.78 pmol/L (p < .001). The two interventions caused no changes as measured 4 h after the intervention in the following indices of cardiovascular health; pulse wave velocity, brachial diastolic or systolic blood pressure, central diastolic or systolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, pulse pressure, augmentation pressure, augmentation index, heart rate or pulse transit time. Conclusions Despite significant changes in calcium homeostasis with increased levels of ionized calcium following milk intake, no acute effects seem to occur on measures of cardiovascular health.
EFFECTIVENESS OF TOPICAL STEROIDS IN THE CONTROL OF RADIATION DERMATITIS - RANDOMIZED TRIAL USING 1-PERCENT HYDROCORTISONE CREAM AND 0.05-PERCENT CLOBETASONE BUTYRATE (EUMOVATE); Radiation dermatitis often presents as a problem for patients and radiotherapists during treatment. Tropical corticosteroids have an anti-inflammatory effect in the treatment of many skin diseases and are commonly prescribed during a course of radiation treatment. A comparison of 2 different steroid creams, 1% hydrocortisone cream and 0.05% clobetasone butyrate (Eumovate), in a double blind trial was carried out in 54 patients undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer. The cream was administered when patients reached a given dose of 2000 rad (or earlier if required) whether a skin reaction was present or not. The aim of the trial was to evaluate the general effectiveness of steroids in controlling radiation dermatitis and whether one type of cream was superior to the other. The majority of patients using either cream derived benefit in its soothing effect. There was a significant difference in the intensity of reactions seen, patients using clobetasone butyrate developed more severe radiation reactions despite both groups having similar radiation doses. The possibility of 2 differing populations having different responses to radiation is discussed as is the breakthrough phenomenon described in the literature. Neither cream should be used as 1st choice in the control of radiation dermatitis.
Effect of medium-chain fatty acids on growth, health, and immune response of dairy calves; It is necessary for the dairy industry to reduce calf morbidity and mortality, and the reliance on antibiot-ics to treat sick calves, to address the growing concern regarding antibiotic resistant bacteria. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the effect that feeding dairy calves medium-chain fatty acids (MCFA) has on growth performance and health, and the second-ary objective was to evaluate the effect of MCFA on en-ergy status around weaning and the adaptive immune response following a vaccine challenge. Thirty-three Holstein bull calves (5 +/- 1.6 d of age) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments. Control (CON) calves were fed milk replacer with no C8:0 or C10:0 oil added and MCFA calves were fed milk replacer with 0.5% of a combination of C8:0 or C10:0 oil added. Body weight and average daily gain were measured weekly. Feed efficiency (gain/feed) and the change in body condition score, hip width, hip height, heart girth, and paunch girth were calculated for the duration of the study. Fecal scores were recorded daily and all medical treat-ments were documented for the duration of the trial. On d 42, 49, and 56 of the study, a serum sample was collected from each calf and used to measure nonesteri-fied fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyric acid, insulin, and glu-cose concentrations to evaluate energy status around weaning. A subset of 11 calves per treatment were enrolled in a vaccine challenge. At 21 +/- 1.9 d of age (mean +/- standard deviation) calves were vaccinated intramuscularly with 1 mL of endotoxin-free ovalbu-min (OVA) mixed with aluminum hydroxide adjuvant. At 42 d of age ( +/- 1.9 d), blood samples were collected and used to analyze OVA-specific IgG(1) and IgG(2), and calves were vaccinated a second time. At 56 d of age (& PLUSMN;1.9 d), blood samples were collected to analyze IgG(1) and IgG(2) as well as IFN-gamma and IL-4 secreted from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) treated with OVA or phytohemagglutinin. Data were analyzed as a completely randomized design with repeated measures when applicable. A tendency for greater daily fecal score was observed for MCFA calves compared with CON. At d 42 of the study, nonesterified fatty acid concentrations were greater in CON calves compared with MCFA. At 42 and 56 d of age, anti-OVA IgG1 concentrations for CON and MCFA calves were greater than prevaccination samples. This study suggests that feeding MCFA to calves affects the energy status of calves around weaning and vaccinating dairy calves with ovalbumin combined with an aluminum hydroxide adjuvant is an effective way to evaluate the adaptive immune responses.
Evaluation and Comparison of the Effects of Xyla-P Cream and Cold Compress on the Pain Caused by the Cannulation of Arteriovenous Fistula in Hemodialysis Patients; This study aimed to investigate and compare the effects of Xyla-P cream and cold compress on the pain caused by the insertion of a needle into the arteriovenous fistula (AVF) in hemodialysis (HD) patients. This clinical trial was conducted on HD patients who were selected using simple random sampling method. Using a visual analog scale, pain intensity was measured during two HD sessions in three stages including after the application of a placebo, after application of Xyla-P cream, and after the application of cold compress. The collected data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and repeated measures analysis of variance. Our results showed that there were statistically significant differences between the pain scores of the control group and Xyla-P cream group (P < 0.001) and cold compress group (P < 0.001) and between the pain scores of the Xyla-P cream group and cold compress group (P < 0.001). The cannulation of an AVF causes moderate pain in HD patients. Cold compress is more effective than Xyla-P cream in reducing the intensity of the pain. Therefore, the nurses are recommended to use this pain relief method instead of medicinal methods.
Dairy goats' management and performance under smallholder farming systems in Eastern Africa: the systematic review and meta-analysis; The systematic review and meta-analysis study was conducted to describe dairy goat management practices among smallholder farmers in Kenya and Tanzania. The study also evaluated the effects of breed and upgrade level (50%, 75% and > 75%) on growth and lactation performances. Google Scholar was used to search for dairy goats' studies followed by an eligibility check. Eligible studies were assessed for risk of bias using RoB 2.0 (Cochrane risk-of-bias in randomised trial) and ROBINS-I (Risk of Bias Assessment in Non-Randomised Studies of Interventions). Smallholder farmers were mainly stall-feeding natural pasture and crop residues to goats with supplementation limited by the high costs of concentrate feeds. Forage cultivation and conservation were limited by the scarcity of land and improved forage planting materials, low technical know-how and high labour demand. Similarly, farmers had limited access to formal market, veterinary and extension services. Prevalence of infectious diseases, antibiotic resistance and pre-weaning kid mortality were high. Nevertheless, there were breed effects (p < 0.05) on pre-weaning growth and weaning weight but not lactation parameters. However, Saanen goats had relatively higher lactation length (252 days) and yield (637 l) than other goat breeds. Daily milk and lactation yields, pre-weaning growth and growth rate (post-weaning) varied significantly among upgrade levels (p < 0.05) and were highest in > 75% level. It was concluded that Saanen goats and > 75% were the best breed and upgrade level for goat milk production in smallholder farms due to high lactation performance. Improving the different managerial aspects of smallholder dairy goat farming is of paramount importance if the dairy goats' performance, farm income, food safety and security are to be improved in Eastern Africa.
Calcium and Vitamin D and Risk of Colorectal Cancer: Results From a Large Population-based Case-control Study in Newfoundland and Labrador and Ontario; Background: Previous epidemiological studies have been suggestive but inconclusive in demonstrating inverse associations of calcium, vitamin D, dairy product intakes with risk of colorectal cancer (CRC). We conducted a large population-based comparison of such associations in Newfoundland and Labrador (NL) and Ontario (ON).
Effects of high-protein diet combined with exercise to counteract frailty in pre-frail and frail community-dwelling older adults: study protocol for a three-arm randomized controlled trial; Background: The proportion of older citizens is increasing worldwide. A well-known syndrome in old age is physical frailty which is associated with a greater risk of disabilities in activities of daily living, greater reliance on in-home services, hospitalization, institutionalization, and premature mortality. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of an intervention with high-protein diet alone or in combination with power training in pre-frail and frail old adults.
Thiamine supplementation facilitates thiamine transporter expression in the rumen epithelium and attenuates high-grain-induced inflammation in low-yielding dairy cows; An experiment was conducted to uncover the effects of increasing dietary grain levels on expression of thiamine transporters in ruminal epithelium, and to assess the protective effects of thiamine against high grain-induced inflammation in dairy cows. Six rumen-fistulated, lactating Holstein dairy cows (627 +/- 16.9 kg of body weight, 180 +/- 6 d in milk; mean +/- standard deviation) were randomly assigned to a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design trial. Three treatments were control (20% dietary starch, dry matter basis), high grain diet (HG, 33.2% dietary starch, DM basis), and HG diet supplemented with 180 mg of thiamine/kg of dry matter intake. On d 19 and 20 of each period, milk performance was measured. On d 21, ruminal pH, endo-toxic lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and thiamine contents in rumen and blood, and plasma inflammatory cytokines were detected; a rumen papillae biopsy was taken on d 21 to determine the gene and protein expression of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) signaling pathways. The HG diet decreased ruminal pH (5.93 vs. 6.49), increased milk yield from 17.9 to 20.2 kg/d, and lowered milk fat and protein from 4.28 to 3.83%, and from 3.38 to 3.11%, respectively. The HG feeding reduced thiamine content in rumen (2.89 vs. 8.97 mu g/L) and blood (11.66 vs. 17.63 mu g/L), and the relative expression value of thiamine transporter-2 (0.37-fold) and mitochondrial thiamine pyrophosphate transporter (0.33-fold) was downregulated by HG feeding. The HG-fed cows exhibited higher endotoxin LPS in rumen fluid (134,380 vs. 11,815 endotoxin units/mL), and higher plasma concentrations of lipopolysaccharide binding protein and pro-inflammatory cytokines when compared with the control group. The gene and protein expression of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), IL1B, and IL6 in rumen epithelium increased when cows were fed the HG diet, indicating that local inflammation occurred. The depressions in ruminal pH, milk fat, and protein of HG-fed cows were reversed by thiamine supplementation. Thiamine supplementation increased thiamine contents in rumen and blood, and also upregulated the relative expression of thiamine transporters compared with the HG group. Thiamine supplementation decreased ruminal LPS (49,361 vs. 134,380 endotoxin units/mL) and attenuated the HG-induced inflammation response as indicated by a reduction in plasma IL6, and decreasing gene and protein expression of pro inflammatory cytokines in rumen epithelium. Western bottling analysis showed that thiamine suppressed the protein expression of TLR4 and the phosphorylation of nuclear factor kappa B (NF kappa B) unit p65. In conclusion, HG feeding inhibits thiamine transporter expression in ruminal epithelium. Thiamine could attenuate the epithelial inflammation during high-grain feeding, and the protective effects may be due to its ability to suppress TLR4-mediated NF kappa B signaling pathways.
The effect of new bovine viral diarrhea virus introduction on somatic cell count, calving interval, culling, and calf mortality of dairy herds in the Dutch bovine viral diarrhea virus-free program; Bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV) infection has a major effect on the health of cows and consequently on herd performance. Many countries have implemented control or eradication programs to mitigate BVDV infection and its negative effects. These negative effects of BVDV infection on dairy herds are well documented, but there is much less information about the effects of new introduction of BVDV on dairy herds already participating in a BVDV control program. The objective of our study was to investigate the effect of a new BVDV introduction in BVDV-free herds participating in the Dutch BVDV-free program on herd performance. Longitudinal herd-level surveillance data were combined with herd information data to create 4 unique data sets, including a monthly test-day somatic cell count (SCC) data set, annual calving interval (CIV) and culling risk (CR) data sets, and a quarterly calf mortality rate (CMR) data set. Each database contained 2 types of herds: herds that remained BVDV free during the whole study period (defined as free herds), and herds that lost their BVDV-free status during the study period (defined as breakdown herds). The date of losing the BVDV-free status was defined as breakdown date. To compare breakdown herds with free herds, a random breakdown date was artificially generated for free herds by simple random sampling from the distribution of the breakdown month of the breakdown herds. The SCC and CIV before and after a new introduction of BVDV were compared through linear mixed-effects models with a Gaussian distribution, and the CR and CMR were modeled using a negative binomial distribution in generalized linear mixed-effects models. The explanatory variables for all models included herd type, BVDV status, year, and a random herd effect. Herd size was included as an explanatory variable in the SCC, CIV, and CMR model. Season was included as an explanatory variable in the SCC and CMR model. Results showed that free herds have lower SCC, CR, CMR, and shorter CIV than the breakdown herds. Within the breakdown herds, the new BVDV introduction affected the SCC and CMR. In the year after BVDV introduction, the SCC was higher than that in the year before BVDV introduction, with a factor of 1.011 [2.5th to 97.5th percentile (95% PCTL): 1.002, 1.020]. Compared with the year before BVDV breakdown, the CMR in the year of breakdown and the year after breakdown was higher, with factors of 1.170 (95% PCTL: 1.120; 1.218) and 1.096 (95% PCTL: 1.048; 1.153), respectively. This study reveals that a new introduction of BVDV had a negative but on average relatively small effect on herd performance in herds participating in a BVDV control program.
A randomized, open, controlled trial of tretinoin 0.05% cream vs. low-dose oral isotretinoin for the treatment of field cancerization; Background Sun exposure may lead to actinic keratoses (AKs), field cancerization, and skin cancer. Effective treatment of AKs and field cancerization is important. Oral and topical retinoids can be used for this purpose. To compare clinical, histological, and immunohistochemical effects of oral and topical retinoid for AKs and field cancerization on face and upper limbs of immunocompetent patients, as well as the impact on quality of life, safety, and tolerability. Methods This study compared 10 mg/day oral isotretinoin (ISO) to 0.05% tretinoin cream (TRE) every other night, associated with sunscreen (SPF 60). Patients of both genders, aged 50-75 years, underwent cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen for AKs at baseline and after 120 days when they were randomized into two groups, TRE (n = 31) and ISO (n = 30), for 6 months. Outcome measures were: number of AKs, histological (thickness of stratum corneum and epithelium) and immunohistochemical parameters (p53, Bcl-2 and Bax), dermatology life quality index (DLQI), and adverse events. Results Both treatments reduced the number of AKs (around 28%), the thickness of stratum corneum, and expression of p53 and Bax. By contrast, the epithelium thickness and Bcl-2 expression increased. There was no difference in the outcomes between TRE and ISO. Both treatments improved quality of life and were well tolerated with minimal side effects. Conclusions Retinoids are effective and safe for field cancerization. Classical treatments for field cancerization (imiquimod and ingenol mebutate) are used for a short period; retinoids may be a good choice to intercalate with them and can be used continuously.
The comparison between random forest and boosted trees for dystocia detection in dairy cows; The aim of the present study was to compare the predictive performance of random forest (RF) and boosted trees (BT) used for dystocia detection in dairy heifers and cows. In order to get a better insight into the predictive abilities of these two models, several datasets with a varying proportion of easy and difficult calvings were utilized. Moreover, the most important predictors of calving difficulty were identified. A total of 362,635 and 883,744 calving records of Polish Holstein-Friesian heifers and cows of the Black-and-White and Red-and-White strains, respectively, were used. Five or seven predictors were included in the models for heifers and cows, respectively. Calving difficulty (two classes: easy and difficult or original six classes) was an output (dependent) variable. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the RF and BT models for heifers evaluated on the test set (with an original proportion of easy and difficult calvings) were 0.0%, 100.0% and 93.9% as well as 55.5%, 54.9% and 55.0%, respectively. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the RF and BT models for cows were 0.0%, 100.0% and 97.2% as well as 41.5%, 78.6% and 77.5%, respectively. ST had better sensitivity than RF when trained on the sets with an increasing percentage of easy calvings, although their overall accuracy was lower. The performance of the models predicting six classes of calving difficulty was generally worse than that for two classes. Unfortunately, none of the models investigated in the present study was good enough for practical application under field conditions. Although BT were more accurate in detecting difficult calvings, they also generated a large number of false alarms. The most important predictors of calving difficulty determined in the present study (calving age, gestation length and previous calving difficulty) were in agreement with previous reports.
Calcium does not protect against colorectal neoplasia; Calcium could decrease risk of colorectal neoplasia by binding bowel irritating compounds and diminishing mucosal proliferation. This study quantitatively summarizes epidemiologic studies addressing this hypothesis and aims to explain heterogeneity between studies.
Milk Consumption and Bladder Cancer Risk: A Meta-Analysis of Published Epidemiological Studies; Studies investigating the association of milk consumption with bladder cancer risk have reported inconsistent findings. We conducted a meta-analysis of published cohort and case-control studies to pool the risk estimates of the association between milk intake and bladder cancer. We quantified associations with bladder cancer using meta-analysis of odds ratio (OR) associated with the highest vs. the lowest category of milk intake using fixed- or random-effect models depending on the heterogeneity of effects among studies. Nineteen cohort and case-control studies were eligible for inclusion. High milk intake was significantly associated with decreased risk of bladder cancer (OR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.71-0.97) when comparing the highest with the lowest category of milk intake. The inverse association was stronger in Asia (OR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.40-0.81) than North America (OR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.76-1.03), and no association was observed in Europe (OR, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.85-1.26). This relationship also varied significantly by specific dairy products. Our results suggest that milk may be related to the reduction of bladder cancer risk. Further studies need to clarify the biological mechanisms.
Administration of a multistrain probiotic product (VSL#3) to women in the perinatal period differentially affects breast milk beneficial microbiota in relation to mode of delivery; Probiotic supplementation to a mother during the perinatal period can have a positive impact on the breast milk composition. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effect of oral supplementation with the probiotic VSL#3, during late pregnancy and lactation, on breast milk levels of beneficial bacteria and some functional components (oligosaccharides and lactoferrin) potentially able to have a positive influence on the microbiota. Breast milk microbiota was analyzed by conventional and quantitative real-time PCR. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial, 66 women took daily either the probiotic (n = 33) or a placebo (n = 33). Intergroup analysis demonstrated that the amounts of both lactobacilli and bifidobacteria were significantly higher in the colostrum and mature milk of the mothers taking VSL#3 in comparison to those taking placebo. The analysis of bacterial strains and species present in breast milk of VSL#3 supplemented mothers indicated that the administered probiotic microorganisms did not pass from maternal gut to mammary gland. In women with vaginal delivery, significantly higher amounts of lactobacilli and bifidobacteria were detected in colostrum and mature milk of probiotic treated group in comparison to placebo group, whereas no significant difference was observed between groups in women who had caesarean section, neither in colostrum nor in mature milk. Milk levels of oligosaccharides and lactoferrin were similar in placebo and probiotic supplemented groups at all timepoints and regardless of the mode of delivery. Our results indicate a probiotic-dependent modulation of breast milk microbiota in vaginally delivering women, possibly exerted through a systemic effect. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Acute phase reaction to lipopolysaccharide-induced mastitis in early lactation dairy cows fed nitrogenic, glucogenic, or lipogenic diets; The availability of certain macronutrients is likely to influence the capacity of the immune system. Therefore, we investigated the acute phase response to intramam-mary (i.mam.) lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in dairy cows fed a nitrogenic diet (n = 10) high in crude protein, a glucogenic diet (n = 11) high in carbohydrates and glu-cogenic precursors, or a lipogenic diet (n = 11) high in lipids. Thirty-two dairy cows were fed one of the dietary concentrates directly after calving until the end of trial at 27 + 3 days in milk (mean + standard deviation). In wk 3 of lactation, 20 mu g of LPS was i.mam. injected in one quarter, and sterile NaCl (0.9%) in the contralat-eral quarter. Milk samples of the LPS-challenged and control quarter were taken hourly from before (0 h) until 9 h after LPS challenge and analyzed for milk amyloid A (MAA), haptoglobin (HP), and IL-8. In ad-dition, blood samples were taken in the morning, and composite milk samples at morning and evening milk-ings, from 1 d before until 3 d after LPS challenge, and again on d 9, to determine serum amyloid A (SAA) and HP in blood, and MAA and HP in milk. The mRNA abundance of various immunological and metabolic factors in blood leukocytes was quantified by quantita-tive reverse-transcription PCR from samples taken at -18, -1, 6, 9, and 23 h relative to LPS application. The dietary concentrates did not affect any of the pa-rameters in blood, milk, and leukocytes. The IL-8 was increased from 2 h, HP from 2 to 3 h, and MAA from 6 h relative to the LPS administration in the milk of the challenged quarter and remained elevated until 9 h. The MAA and HP were also increased at 9 h after LPS challenge in whole-udder composite milk, whereas HP and SAA in blood were increased only after 23 h. All 4 parameters were decreased again on d 9. Similar for all groups, the mRNA abundance of HP and the heat shock protein family A increased after the LPS challenge, whereas the mRNA expression of the tumor necrosis factor alpha and the leukocyte integrin beta 2 subunit (CD18) were decreased at 6 h after LPS challenge. The glucose transporter (GLUT)1 mRNA abundance decreased after LPS, whereas that of the GLUT3 increased, and that of the GLUT4 was not detectable. The mRNA abundance of GAPDH was increased at 9 h after LPS and remained elevated. The acute phase protein response was detected earlier in milk compared with blood indicating mammary production. However, immunological responses to LPS were not affected by the availability of specific macronutrients provided by the different diets.
Dietary Intake in Association with All-Cause Mortality and Colorectal Cancer Mortality among Colorectal Cancer Survivors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; Simple Summary
Dairy consumption, systolic blood pressure, and risk of hypertension: Mendelian randomization study; OBJECTIVE To examine whether previous observed inverse associations of dairy intake with systolic blood pressure and risk of hypertension were causal.
Fatty acid intake alters growth and immunity in milk-fed calves; The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of supplementing milk replacer (MR) with NeoTec4 (Provimi North America, Brookville, OH), a commercially available blend of butyric acid, coconut oil, and flax oil, on calf growth, efficiency, and indices of immune function. In trial 1a, 48 male Holstein calves were fed either a control MR that contained only animal fat or the same MR with NeoTec4 (treatment) along with free-choice starter. The MR (28.7% crude protein, 15.6% fat) was fed at an average of 1 kg of dry matter (DM)/d. In trial 1b, weaned calves from trial 1a were all fed dry starter for 28 d without NeoTec4 (phase 1), and then half the calves were fed NeoTec4 for 28 d (phase 2). In trial 2, 40 male Holstein calves were fed a control MR with lard, coconut oil, and soy lecithin or the same MR supplemented with NeoTec4 (treatment). The MR (22.8% crude protein, 18.9% fat) was fed at an average of 1 kg of DM/d; no starter was fed. In trial 1a, NeoTec4 improved average daily gain, feed intake, and feed efficiency, reduced the number of days that calves experienced scours, and reduced the medical treatments for clostridium sickness. In trials 1a and 2, NeoTec4 altered the inflammatory response to vaccination with Pasteurella at 5 wk of age and to challenge with Salmonella toxin at less than 2 wk of age (fed NeoTec4 for 6 d), as observed by reduced hyperthermia and hypophagia, and altered the tumor necrosis factor-alpha response. In addition, NeoTec4 enhanced the response in IL-4 and globular protein estimates postchallenge and enhanced titers for bovine viral diarrhea and respiratory parainfluenza-3. Postchallenge serum concentrations of albumin were lower and urea nitrogen concentrations were greater in control calves than in calves fed NeoTec4. In trial 1b, performance did not differ during the first 28 d when no calves received NeoTec4, but calves receiving NeoTec4 in the second 28 d had greater average daily gain and feed efficiency. We conclude that supplementation of MR with NeoTec4 alters some immune and inflammatory responses, including increasing titers to bovine viral diarrhea and respiratory parainfluenza-3 vaccinations, reduces scours, reduces medical treatments for clostridium sickness, and improves growth rates and feed efficiency.
Fractionated 5-aminolaevulinic acid-photodynamic therapy vs. surgical excision in the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of a randomized controlled trial; Background Skin cancer incidence rates have been increasing for decades and this increase is expected to continue. Surgical excision (SE) is the treatment of first choice for nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) has proven to be an effective treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma. Its long-term efficacy in nBCC has not yet been established.
A randomized controlled trial on preweaning morbidity, growth and mortality in Holstein heifers fed a lacteal-derived colostrum replacer or pooled maternal colostrum; Background: The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effect of feeding a commercial lacteal-derived colostrum replacer (CR) or pooled maternal colostrum (MC) on preweaning morbidity, growth and mortality in Holstein heifer calves. A total of 568 calves were randomly assigned to be fed either 3.8 L of pooled MC or two doses (200 g IgG) of a CR. Calves were monitored daily for preweaning morbidity until weaning at 60 d old. Birth and weaning weights were measured to estimate growth rates.
Effects of Cow's Milk on Reproduction in ICR Male Mice; Objective To study the effects of Cow's milk on the reproduction in male mice. Methods Twenty-four male mice were divided randomly into two groups: milk group (M) and control group (C). Each mouse was given 10 mL milk per day from 4 to 16 weeks in the group M. At the age of 17 weeks, all the mice were sacrificed. Results Serum testosterone was decreased in the group M (P=0.037). No significant difference was found in weight of testes, seminal vesicle or adrenal gland of mice between the groups C and M. However, the weight of seminal vesicle decreased when expressed in g/100 g body weight in the group M. Epididymal sperm concentration, motility, morphology, and sperm head number were not affected by milk. Conclusion Cow's milk has adverse effects on the reproductive system in ICR male mice. Further studies are needed to clarify the specific effects of milk on reproductive health.
Milk intake is not associated with ischaemic heart disease in observational or Mendelian randomization analyses in 98 529 Danish adults; Background: Observationally, reports on the association between milk intake and risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) and myocardial infarction (MI) have produced conflicting results; and no previous large-scale study using the lactase persistent/non-persistent LCT-13910 C/T genotype as a largely unconfounded proxy for milk intake free of reverse causation has been conducted. We tested the hypothesis that milk intake observationally and genetically through the LCT-13910 C/T genotype is associated with risk of IHD and MI in a Mendelian randomization design.
Dietary supplementation with branched-chain amino acids enhances milk production by lactating sows and the growth of suckling piglets; Background Under current dietary regimens, milk production by lactating sows is insufficient to sustain the maximal growth of their piglets. As precursors of glutamate and glutamine as well as substrates and activators of protein synthesis, branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) have great potential for enhancing milk production by sows. Methods Thirty multiparous sows were assigned randomly into one of three groups: control (a corn- and soybean meal-based diet), the basal diet + 1.535% BCAAs; and the basal diet + 3.07% BCAAs. The ratio (g/g) among the supplemental L-isoleucine, L-leucine and L-valine was 1.00:2.56:1.23. Diets were made isonitrogenous by the addition of appropriate amounts of L-alanine. Lactating sows had free access to drinking water and their respective diets. The number of live-born piglets was standardized to 9 per sow at d 0 of lactation (the day of parturition). On d 3, 15 and 29 of lactation, body weights and milk consumption of piglets were measured, and blood samples were obtained from sows and piglets 2 h and 1 h after feeding and nursing, respectively. Results Feed intake did not differ among the three groups of sows. Concentrations of asparagine, glutamate, glutamine, citrulline, arginine, proline, BCAAs, and many other amino acids were greater (P < 0.05) in the plasma of BCAA-supplemented sows and their piglets than those in the control group. Compared with the control, dietary supplementation with 1.535% and 3.07% BCAAs increased (P < 0.05) concentrations of free and protein-bound BCAAs, glutamate plus glutamine, aspartate plus asparagine, and many other amino acids in milk; milk production by 14% and 21%, respectively; daily weight gains of piglets by 19% and 28%, respectively, while reducing preweaning mortality rates by 50% and 70%, respectively. Conclusion Dietary supplementation with up to 3.07% BCAAs enhanced milk production by lactating sows, and the growth and survival of their piglets.
Imiquimod cream efficacy in the treatment of periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma: a non-randomized trial; Background: The recurrence rate of periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma (PNBCC) following treatment with imiquimod (IMQ) has not yet been established. Previous studies did not include histological follow-up. The aim of this analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of topical immunotherapy with 5% IMQ cream for the treatment of PNBCC.
Exploring the effects of transport duration on the fecal microbial communities of surplus dairy calves; Transportation significantly affects the health and welfare of surplus dairy calves, largely due to the various stressors and pathogen exposures encountered during the process. Concurrently, an animal's microbiome is known to correlate with its health status, with stress-induced alterations in the microbiota potentially precipitating various diseases. This study aimed to compare the effects of transportation durations of 6, 12, or 16 h on the fecal microbiota in young surplus dairy calves. We used a randomized controlled design in which surplus dairy calves aged 1 to 19 d from 5 commercial dairy farms in Ontario were allocated into 1 of 3 transportation groups (6, 12, and 16 h of continuous transportation). Health assessments were conducted before, immediately after, and for 2 wk following transportation. Fecal samples were collected before, immediately after, and at 24 and 72 h after transportation and subjected to 16S rRNA sequencing. Alpha diversity metrics showed no significant differences between the 3 transportation groups at any of the sampling time points. Although beta diversity metrics revealed no clustering by transportation groups, they indicated significant differences across sampling time points within each group. The overall analysis revealed a total of 22 phyla and 353 genera, with Firmicutes, , Bacteroidetes, , Proteobacteria, , Actinobacteria, , and Fusobacteria being the most abundant phyla. Bacteroides, , Escherichia/Shigella, / Shigella , Lactobacillus, , Collinsella, , and Bifidobacterium were the most abundant genera. The reduction in Fusobacteria abundance before and after transport was significantly larger in the 16-h transportation group when compared with the 6-h transportation group. We also identified several genus-level and amplicon sequence variation-level taxa that displayed significant differences in their abundances across various transportation groups, observed at all sampling time points investigated. This research identifies microbiota changes due to varying transportation durations in surplus dairy calves, providing a broad understanding of the microbial shifts in surplus dairy calves after transportation across varying durations. Although these variations may not directly correlate with overall calf health or indicate dysbiosis, these results emphasize the importance of further investigating transportation practices to enhance calf health and well-being. Further studies are warranted to elucidate the relationship between microbiota and calf health.
Associations of Calcium and Milk Product Intakes with Incident, Sporadic Colorectal Adenomas; Calcium intake has been consistently, modestly inversely associated with colorectal neoplasms, and supplemental calcium reduced adenoma recurrence in clinical trials. Milk products are the major source of dietary calcium in the United States, but their associations with colorectal neoplasms are unclear. Data pooled from three colonoscopy-based case-control studies of incident, sporadic colorectal adenoma (n = 807 cases, 2,185 controls) were analyzed using multivariable unconditional logistic regression. Residuals from linear regression models of milk with dietary calcium were estimated as the noncalcium, insulin-like growth factor 1-containing component of milk. For total, dietary, and supplemental calcium intakes, the adjusted odds ratios (ORs) comparing the highest to the lowest intake quintiles were 0.94 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.69-1.30), 0.86 (CI 0.62-1.20), and 0.99 (CI 0.77-1.27), respectively. The corresponding ORs for consumption of total milk products, total milk, nonfat milk, total milk product residuals, and nonfat milk residuals were, respectively, 0.99, 0.90, 0.92, 0.94, and 0.95; all CIs included 1.0. For those who consumed any whole milk relative to those who consumed none, the OR was 1.15 (CI 0.89-1.49). These results are consistent with previous findings of modest inverse associations of calcium intakes with colorectal adenoma, but suggest that milk products may not be associated with adenoma.
Plasma and breast milk vitamin A as indicators of vitamin A status in pregnant women; Breast milk vitamin A is not well characterized as an indicator of vitamin A status in women with infections. A controlled trial of vitamin A, 3 mg retinol equivalent/day, was conducted among 697 pregnant women with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in Malawi which allowed comparison of plasma versus breast milk vitamin A as indicators of vitamin A status. Retinol concentrations were measured in plasma at baseline (18-28 weeks) and 38 weeks gestation and breast milk at 6 weeks post-partum. Plasam alpha (1)-acid glycoprotein (ACP) and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at baseline. Plasma retinol (geometric mean, SD) at 38 weeks was 0.72(0.44, 1.18) and 0.61 (0.38, 0.98) mu mol/L (P < 0.0002) and breast milk retinol was 1.32 (0.71, 2.43) and 0.95 (0.49, 1.82) mu mol/L ( P < 0.0001) in vitamin A and placebo groups, respectively. Women with elevated acute phase protein (AGP > 1 gm/L and/or CRP > 5 mg/L) at baseline who received vitamin A had significantly higher plasma and breast milk vitamin A at follow-up compared with placebo. Elevated acute phase proteins did not distinguish women with low body stores of vitamin A. Breast milk retinol appears to be a better indicator of vitamin A status than plasma retinol in women with infections.
The Factors That Affect Milk-to-Serum Ratio for Iron During Early Lactation; To determine the factors that affect milk iron content at the second week of lactation and whether the supplementation lactating mother with iron might increase breast milk iron content between 2 weeks and 4 months postpartum. Healthy mothers were enrolled 10 to 20 days postpartum, if their babies were term, normal gestational age, and exclusive breastfed. Maternal blood samples for hemoglobin (Hb), iron, iron binding capacity, serum ferritin, and breast milk samples for iron and zinc were taken and mothers were randomized into iron Supplemented Mid placebo groups. At the end of the fourth month, blood and milk samples were taken again. Forty-seven healthy mothers were included into file Study. Milk iron content was lower; however, milk-to-serum iron ratio was higher in cases with low maternal iron reserves than cases with adequate iron reserves. Mothers with low Hb level ((sic) 12g.dL) had higher milk zinc content and lower milk iron/zinc content than mothers with normal Hb value. Iron supplementation to lactating nonanemic mothers did not change milk iron content and the decline in milk iron content and milk-to-serum iron ratio. Milk iron content and milk-to-serum iron ratio of iron could be regulated by active transport in cooperation with maternal iron status.
Three-Year Follow-Up Results of Photodynamic Therapy vs. Imiquimod vs. Fluorouracil for Treatment of Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: A Single-Blind, Noninferiority, Randomized Controlled Trial; A randomized controlled trial including 601 patients previously showed that the effectiveness of imiquimod and fluorouracil cream were not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) in patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma after 1 year of follow-up. We now present the 3-year follow-up results. The probability of tumor-free survival at 3 years post-treatment was 58.0% for MAL-PDT (95% confidence interval [CI] = 47.8-66.9), 79.7% for imiquimod (95% CI = 71.6-85.7), and 68.2% for fluorouracil (95% CI = 58.1-76.3). The hazard ratio for treatment failure comparing imiquimod with MAL-PDT was 0.50 (95% CI = 0.33-0.76, P = 0.001). Comparison of fluorouracil with MAL-PDT and fluorouracil with imiquimod showed hazard ratios of 0.73 (95% CI = 0.51-1.05, P = 0.092) and 0.68 (95% CI = 0.44-1.06, P = 0.091), respectively. Subgroup analysis showed a higher probability of treatment success for imiquimod versus MAL-PDT in all subgroups with the exception of elderly patients with superficial basal cell carcinoma on the lower extremities. In this subgroup, the risk difference in tumor-free survival was 57.6% in favor of MAL-PDT. In conclusion, according to results at 3 years post-treatment, imiquimod is superior and fluorouracil not inferior to MAL-PDT in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma.
Promising effects of purslane cream on the breast fissure in lactating women: A clinical trial; Objectives: The traditional uses of Portulaca oleracea L. (purslane) with anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer activity as well as anti-oxidants properties were expressed previously. This is a double-blind randomized clinical trial to evaluate the protective effects of purslane cream on the nipple fissure.
The effects goat milk yoghurt casein on malondialdehyde (MDA) level of rats (<i>Rattus norvegicus</i>) exposured by 2,3,7,8 tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCCD); Dioxins are a group of compounds that are poisonous (toxic) and it was a factor to trigger cancer (carcinogenic substance). The most toxic dioxin was 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD). Dioxins can cause health problems due to the nature of persistent and can bioaccumulate in the fat body. Casein goat milk yogurt potential as an antioxidant. This study aimed was to determine the effect of goat milk yogurt to dioxin exposure were observed in the levels of Malondialdehyde (MDA) of heart rats (Rattus norvegicus). Itwas an experimental study by used a completely randomized design (CRD). The rats (Rattus norvegicus) were divided into 6 groups, the each namely were: the negative control group (K-), control casein group (KK), the positive control group (K+), treatment 1 group (K1), treatment 2 group (K2), and treatment 3 group (K3). Heart MDA levels measured by used thiobarbituric acid (TBA) with UV-Vis spectrophotometry method at a wavelength of 530 nm. MDA heart analysed by one-way Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) confidence level alpha = 5%. The results showed that the best yogurt casein dose used to inhibit MDA in TCDD-rats is 900 mg/kg. Casein goat milk yogurt can prevent the increase of MDA significantly (p<0.01) as a result of exposure to TCDD. Goat's milk yogurt casein dose of 900 mg/kg is the best dose. The conclusion is the provision casein goat milk yogurt can prevent the increase of MDA caused by exposure to TCDD.
Tretinoin (0.05% cream vs. 5% peel) for photoaging and field cancerization of the forearms: randomized, evaluator-blinded, clinical trial; BackgroundTopical tretinoin cream is the gold standard treatment for skin ageing, particularly photoaging. The purpose of tretinoin peel was to obtain similar results, but in a shorter time, however, there have been few controlled trials on its effectiveness.
Perinatal mortality in German dairy cattle: Unveiling the importance of cow-level risk factors and their interactions using a multifaceted modelling approach; Perinatal mortality (PM) is a common issue on dairy farms, leading to calf losses and increased farming costs. The current knowledge about PM in dairy cattle is, however, limited and previous studies lack comparability. The topic has also primarily been studied in Holstein-Friesian cows and closely related breeds, while other dairy breeds have been largely ignored. Different data collection techniques, definitions of PM, studied variables and statistical approaches further limit the comparability and interpretation of previous studies. This article aims to investigate the factors contributing to PM in two underexplored breeds, Simmental (SIM) and Brown Swiss (BS), while comparing them to German Holstein on German farms, and to employ various modelling techniques to enhance comparability to other studies, and to determine if different statistical methods yield consistent results. A total of 133,942 calving records from 131,657 cows on 721 German farms were analyzed. Amongst these, the proportion of PM (defined as stillbirth or death up to 48 hours of age) was 6.1%. Univariable and multivariable mixed-effects logistic regressions, random forest and multimodel inference via brute-force model selection approaches were used to evaluate risk factors on the individual animal level. Although the balanced random forest did not incorporate the random effect, it yielded results similar to those of the mixed-effect model. The brute-force approach surpassed the widely adopted backwards variable selection method and represented a combination of strengths: it accounted for the random effect similar to mixed-effects regression and generated a variable importance plot similar to random forest. The difficulty of calving, breed and parity of the cow were found to be the most important factors, followed by farm size and season. Additionally, four significant interactions amongst predictors were identified: breed-calving ease, breed-season, parity-season and calving ease-farm size. The combination of factors, such as secondiparous SIM breed on small farms and experiencing easy calving in summer, showed the lowest probability of PM. Conversely, primiparous GH cows on large farms with difficult calving in winter exhibited the highest probability of PM. In order to reduce PM, appropriate management of dystocia, optimal heifer management and a wider use of SIM in dairy production are possible ways forward. It is also important that future studies are conducted to identify farm-specific contributors to higher PM on large farms.
Adipose tissue fatty acids present in dairy fat and risk of stroke: the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort; PurposeThe role of dairy fat for the risk of stroke is not yet clear. Adipose tissue reflects long-term fatty acid intake and metabolism. We, therefore, investigated associations for percentages of adipose tissue fatty acids, for which dairy products are a major source (12:0, 14:0, 14:1 cis-9, 15:0, 17:0, 18:1 trans-11 and 18:2 cis-9, trans-11), with incident total stroke and stroke subtypes.MethodsWe conducted a case-cohort study within the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort, including all incident stroke cases (n=2108) and a random sample of the total cohort (n=3186). The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue biopsies was determined by gas chromatography and specific fatty acids were expressed as percentage of total fatty acids. Stroke cases were identified in the Danish National Patient Registry and the diagnoses were individually verified.ResultsWe recorded 2108 stroke cases of which 1745 were ischemic, 249 were intracerebral hemorrhages and 102 were subarachnoid hemorrhages. We observed a lower rate of ischemic stroke for a higher adipose tissue percentage of 12:0, 14:0, 15:0, 17:0, 18:1 trans-11 and 18:2 cis-9, trans-11. Adipose tissue percentages of 15:0 and 18:1 trans-11 were also inversely associated with intracerebral hemorrhage, whereas no associations between the adipose tissue fatty acids and subarachnoid hemorrhage were observed. No associations between 14:1 cis-9 and ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke were found.ConclusionsOur results suggest that a larger percentage in adipose tissue of fatty acids for which dairy products are a major source is associated with a lower rate of ischemic stroke.
Dietary patterns and mortality in Danish men and women: a prospective observational study; The analysis of dietary patterns emerged recently as a possible approach to examining diet-disease relation. We analysed the risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality associated with dietary patterns in men and women, while taking a number of potential confounding variables into account. Data were from a prospective cohort study with follow-up of total and cause-specific mortality. A random sample of 3698 men and 3618 women aged 30-70 years and living in Copenhagen County, Denmark, were followed from 1982 to 1998 (median 15 years). Three dietary patterns were identified from a twenty-eight item food frequency questionnaire, collected at baseline: (1) a predefined healthy food index, which reflected daily intakes of fruits, vegetables and wholemeal bread, (2) a prudent and (3) a Western dietary pattern derived by principal component analysis. The prudent pattern was positively associated with frequent intake of wholemeal bread, fruits and vegetables, whereas the Western was characterized by frequent intakes of meat products, potatoes, white bread, butter and lard. Among participants with complete information on all variables, 398 men and 231 women died during follow-up. The healthy food index was associated with reduced all-cause mortality in both men and women, but the relations were attenuated after adjustment for smoking, physical activity, educational level, BMI, and alcohol intake. The prudent pattern was inversely associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality after controlling for confounding variables. The Western pattern was not significantly associated with mortality. This study partly supports the assumption that overall dietary patterns can predict mortality, and that the dietary pattern associated with the lowest risk is the one which is in accordance with the current recommendations for a prudent diet.
Potent corticosteroid cream (mometasone furoate) significantly reduces acute radiation dermatitis:: results from a double-blind, randomized study; Purpose: Radiation-induced dermatitis is a very common side effect of radiation therapy. and may necessitate interruption of the therapy. There is a substantial lack of evidence-based treatments for this condition. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of mometasone furoate cream (MMF) on radiation dermatitis in a prospective, double-blind, randomized study.
Imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of HIV-negative Kaposi's sarcoma skin lesions: A phase I to II, open-label trial in 17 patients; Background: Kaposi's sarcoma (KS), a virus-associated neoplasm, can be treated locally or systemically with interferon alfa. Therefore, imiquimod, an immune response modifier able to induce interferon-a secretion in Situ, could prove a good local treatment for KS skin lesions.
Three Randomised Phase I/IIa Trials of 5% Cis-urocanic Acid Emulsion Cream in Healthy Adult Subjects and in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis; New treatment modalities are needed. in atopic dermatitis. We evaluated the pharmacokinetics, safety, tolerability, and efficacy of topical cis-urocanic acid (cis-UCA) cream in randomised vehicle-controlled double-blinded clinical trials. The subjects received 5% cis-UCA emulsion cream and control vehicle on volar forearms after right left randomisation. Study 1: 16 healthy subjects received one dose on the skin and, a week later, on DMSO-irritated skin. Study 2: 16 healthy subjects received 2 daily doses for 10 days. Study 3: 13 patients with mild to moderate disease were treated on selected skin lesions twice daily for 28 days. Study treatments were well tolerated. cis-UCA remained close to endogenous levels in plasma and urine. cis-UCA reduced transepidermal water loss (TEWL) both in healthy subjects and in the patients. Eczema area severity index and physician's global assessment improved from baseline with both treatments. cis-UCA cream improved skin barrier function and suppressed inflammation in the human skin.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma:: results from a randomized vehicle-controlled phase III study in Europe; Background Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts through toll-like receptor 7 to induce cytokine production and a subsequent innate and adaptive cell-mediated immune response. Clinical studies have demonstrated clinical and histological clearance of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream.
Effects of Dietary Milk Thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i>) Supplementation in Ducks Fed Mycotoxin-Contaminated Diets; Simple Summary Previous experiments have shown that the medicinal plant milk thistle (Silybum marianum) can be a potential feed additive protecting farm animals against the deleterious effects of various mycotoxins. The main objective of our study was to investigate the health protective effects of dietary milk thistle seed (0.5%), oil (0.1%), and seed cake (0.5%) in ducks fed diets naturally contaminated with deoxynivalenol (3.43-3.72 mg/kg feed) and zearalenone (0.46-0.50 mg/kg feed). The feeding of experimental diets did not result in mortality cases, clinical signs of mycotoxicosis, or in differences of clinical chemistry values of blood serum but led to histopathological alterations. The positive effects of milk thistle oil on histopathology parameters exceeded those of the seed and seed cake (vacuolar hepatocyte degeneration) or all of the treatments showed similar effectiveness (solitary cell death and infiltration of lympho- and histiocytes in the liver, lymphocyte depletion in the spleen and bursa of Fabricius). Based on our results, the applied milk thistle supplements have been proven effective in the prevention of histopathological changes caused by deoxynivalenol and zearalenone. The medicinal plant milk thistle (Silybum marianum) has been widely used due to its hepatoprotective properties. The main objective of our study was to investigate the health protective effects of dietary milk thistle seed (MS), oil (MO), and seed cake (MSC) in ducks fed diets naturally contaminated with deoxynivalenol (DON; 3.43-3.72 mg/kg feed) and zearalenone (ZEN; 0.46-0.50 mg/kg feed). Female White Hungarian ducks were randomly allocated to four dietary treatments consisting of the control diet (C), the control diet supplemented with 0.5% MS, 0.5% MSC, or 0.1% MO. The feeding of experimental diets did not result in mortality cases, clinical signs of mycotoxicosis, or in differences of clinical chemistry values of blood serum. The positive effect of MO on vacuolar hepatocyte degeneration exceeded that of the MSC on d14 and both MS and MSC on d42. Each treatment was equally effective in the decrease of the severity of solitary cell death and infiltration of lympho- and histiocytes in the liver on d28 as well as in the prevention of lymphocyte depletion in the spleen and bursa of Fabricius on d14. In conclusion, the applied treatments have been proven effective in the prevention of histopathological changes caused by DON and ZEN.
α-Tocopherol bioavailability is lower in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dairy fat co-ingestion: a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial; Background: Increasing dietary fat intake is expected to improve alpha-tocopherol bioavailability, which could be beneficial for improving alpha-tocopherol status, especially in cohorts at high cardiometabolic risk who fail to meet dietary alpha-tocopherol requirements.
Rationale and design of the TRANSFACT project phase I:: A study to assess the effect of the two different dietary sources of <i>trans</i> fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors in humans; Background: Detrimental effects of consumption of industrial trans fatty acids (TFA) from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVO) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are well documented. However, very little information is available on the effect of natural sources of TFA coming from milk fat, dairy products and ruminant meat. In fact, due to the naturally low level of TFA in milk fat, it is almost impossible to conduct a clinical trial with a limited number of subjects (< 200). Methodology: To compare the effects of industrial and natural dietary sources of TFA, two specific test fats have been designed and produced. A substantial amount of milk fat (130 kg) enriched in TFA has been produced by modification of the cow's diet and selection of cows with the highest TFA content. The level obtained was approximately 4- to 7-fold higher than typically present in milk fat (similar to 20 instead of 3-6 g/100 g of total fatty acids). The control fat is composed of PHVO balanced in saturated fatty acids (lauric, myristic and palmitic). Both experimental fats contain about 20-22% of monounsaturated TFA and the volunteers' daily experimental fat intake (54 g), will represent about 12.0 g/day of TFA or 5.4% of the daily energy (based on 2000 kcal/day). These two test fats have been incorporated into food items and will be provided to 46 healthy subjects under a randomised, double blind, controlled, cross-over design. The primary outcome is high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), which is an independent risk factor for CVD. Other parameters such as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), and HDL-C level and subclasses will be also to be evaluated. Conclusion: We have shown that it is technically feasible to perform a clinical trial on the comparative effects of natural and industrial sources of TFA isomers on CVD risk factors. Results are expected by mid-2006. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Phototoxic reactions in healthy volunteers following photodynamic therapy with methylaminolevulinate cream or with cream containing 5-aminolevulinic acid: a phase II, randomized study; Background: Photodynaminc therapy (PDT) is the selective destruction of abnormal cells through activation of a photosensitizer in the presence of oxygen. Local phototoxic reactions and pain are the most common limiting side effects.
Effects of camel milk in dyslipidaemia: A randomised clinical trial; Treating dyslipidaemia lowers the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Although statins stand as the first line agents used for CAD prevention, patients may not reach their recommended goals or they discontinue treatment due to adverse effects. Camel milk has been postulated to have an effect on dyslipidaemia. A single blind, randomised clinical trial was conducted with the aim of investigating the anti-dyslipidaemic effect of camel milk in patients with untreated dyslipidaemia. Study participants were recruited from the Family Medicine Clinics of the King Saud Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Blood levels of low density lipoprotein-cholesterol and total cholesterol dropped following three months of treatment with both statins and camel milk. The effects in both treatment groups were statistically equivalent. The results demonstrate that camel milk could be an alternative intervention to statin therapy for dyslipidaemia under some circumstances; however, further studies are needed to understand its efficacy. (c) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Food groups and risk of all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background: Suboptimal diet is one of the most important factors in preventing early death and disability worldwide.
Effects of recombinant bovine somatotropin during the periparturient period on innate and adaptive immune responses, systemic inflammation, and metabolism of dairy cows; The aim of this experiment was to determine effects of treating peripartum dairy cows with body condition score >= 3.75 with recombinant bovine somatotropin (rbST) on immune, inflammatory, and metabolic responses. Holstein cows (253 +/- 1 d of gestation) were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 treatments: untreated control (n 53), rbST87.5 (n = 56; 87.5 mg of rbST), and rbST125 (n = 57; 125 mg of rbST). Cows in the rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments received rbST weekly from -21 to 28 d relative to calving. Growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor 1, haptoglobin, tumor necrosis factor alpha, nonesterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, glucose, and cortisol concentrations were determined weekly from -21 to 21 d relative to calving. Blood sampled weekly from -14 to 21 d relative to calving was used for hemogram and polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMNL) expression of adhesion molecules, phagocytosis, and oxidative burst. Cows were vaccinated with ovalbumin at -21, -7, and 7 d relative to calving, and blood was collected weekly from -21 to 21 d relative to calving to determine IgG anti-ovalbumin concentrations. A subsample of cows had liver biopsied -21, -7, and 7 d relative to calving to determine total lipids, triglycerides, and glycogen content. Growth hormone concentrations prepartum (control = 11.0 +/- 1.2, rbST87.5 = 14.1 +/- 1.2, rbST125 = 15.1 +/- 1.3 ng/mL) and postpartum (control = 14.4 1.1, rbST87.5 = 17.8 +/- 1.2, rbST125 = 21.8 +/- 1.1 ng/mL) were highest for rbST125 cows. Cows treated with rbST had higher insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations than control cows (control = 110.5 +/- 4.5, rbST87.5 = 126.2 +/- 4.5, rbST125 = 127.2 +/- 4.5 ng/mL) only prepartum Intensity of L-selectin expression was higher for rbST125 than for control and rbST87.5 cows [control = 3,590 +/- 270, rbST87.5 = 3,279 +/- 271, rbST125 = 4,371 +/- 279 geometric mean fluorescence intensity (GMFI)] in the prepartum period. The PMNL intensities of phagocytosis (control =3,131 +/- 130, rbST87.5 = 3,391 +/- 133, rbST125 = 3,673 +/- 137 GMFI) and oxidative burst (control = 9,588 +/- 746, rbST87.5 = 11,238 +/- 761, rbST125 = 12,724 +/- 781 GMFI) were higher for rbST125 cows than for control cows during the prepartum period. Concentrations of serum IgG anti-ovalbumin tended to be higher for rbST125 cows than for control cows (control = 0.75 +/- 0.11, rbST87.5 = 0.94 +/- 0.10, rbST125 = 1.11 +/- 0.11 optical density) in the prepartum period. Haptoglobin concentration was significantly reduced 7 d postpartum for rbST125 treatment compared with control and rbST87.5 treatments (control = 2.74 +/- 0.28, rbST87.5 = 2.81 +/- 0.28, rbST125 = 1.87 +/- 0.28 optical density). Although treatment tended to affect postpartum beta-hydroxybutyrate (control = 747.5 +/- 40.2, rbST87.5 = 753.2 +/- 40.1, rbST125 = 648.8 +/- 39.7 mu mol/L), it did not affect liver contents of total lipids, triglycexides, or glycogen. Incidence of metritis among rbST125 cows was reduced compared with that in control cows (control = 23.1, rbST87.5 = 18.0, rbST125 = 7.8%). Treatment of dairy cows with 125 mg of rbST improved innate immune responses and IgG concentration, with limited effects on metabolism.
BAR SUTURE (TOGGLE PIN) VS OPEN SURGICAL ABOMASOPEXY FOR TREATMENT OF LEFT DISPLACED ABOMASUM IN DAIRY-CATTLE; Fifty-nine dairy cows with left displacement of the abomasum were randomly assigned to receive 1 of 2 treatments. Twenty-eight were treated by right paramedian abomasopexy via laparotomy, and 31 were treated by percutaneous fixation of the abomasum, using the bar suture or toggle pin technique. Comparisons of the 2 groups, at 4 follow-up examinations, yielded no significant differences in return to normal milk production, return to normal feed intake, mortality, culling rate, tissue reaction at  the surgical site, or redisplacement up to 60 days into the subsequent lactation.
Alternative Application Procedure with Imiquimod 5% Cream in Actinic Keratosis; Background: Empirically it is known from our work in resident medical office that the compliance for using Imiquimod 5% cream in actinic keratosis is low. Several difficulties are leading to shorter utilization or break up of therapy. Therefore a modified therapy with Imiquimod 5% cream had been performed and analysed retrospectively.
Supplemental effects of dietary lysophospholipids in lactation diets on sow performance, milk composition, gut health, and gut-associated microbiome of offspring; Dietary lysophospholipids (LPL) would influence milk composition of sows, thus positively affect intestinal health of offspring. The objective of this study was to determine effects of dietary LPL fed to lactating sows on performance, milk characteristics, gut health, and gut-associated microbiome of offspring. Sixty pregnant sows were allotted to 2 treatments in a randomized complete block design with parity and BW as blocks on day 110 of gestation. Treatments were CON (no added LPL) and LPL (0.05% LPL; Lipidol-Ultra, Pathway Intermediates, Shrewsbury, UK). Sows were fed 2 kg/d from day 110 of gestation until farrowing and ad libitum after farrowing. Diets were formulated to meet NRC requirement for lactating sows. Colostrum and milk samples from 12 sows per treatment were collected to measure nutrients and immunoglobulins on days 1 and 18 of lactation, respectively. Twelve piglets per treatment (1 piglet per litter) were euthanized on day 18 to collect tissues to measure tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-8 (IL-8), malondialdehyde, protein carbonyl, IgA, histomorphology, crypt cell proliferation rate, and microbiota in the jejunum and colon. Data were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS, and the mortality was analyzed using the GLIMMIX procedure of SAS. There was no difference in sow BW, parity, and litter size between treatments on day 0 of lactation. Sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) litter BW gain (53.9 vs. 59.4 kg) and decreased piglet mortality (13.9% vs. 10.6%) on day 18 of lactation. Sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) omega-6:omega-3 (22.1 vs. 23.7) and unsaturated:saturated (1.4 vs. 1.6) fatty acids ratios with increased oleic acid (29.1% vs. 31.4%) and tended to have increased (P = 0.092) IgG (1.14 vs. 1.94 g/L) and linoleic acid (17.7% vs. 18.7%) in the milk on day 18 of lactation. Piglets from sows fed LPL had increased (P < 0.05) IL-8 (184 vs. 245 pg/mg) and crypt cell proliferation rate (39.4% vs. 40.9%) and tended to have increased (P = 0.095) Firmicutes:Bacteroidetes ratio (1.0 vs. 3.5) in the jejunum. In conclusion, sows fed with LPL had milk with increased IgG, oleic acids, and linoleic acids without changes in BW and backfat during lactation. These changes could contribute to improved survivability and intestinal health of piglets by increasing IL-8 concentration, enhancing balance among gut-associated microbiome, and increasing enterocyte proliferation in the jejunum.
Impact of <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> fermentation product and subacute ruminal acidosis on production, inflammation, and fermentation in the rumen and hindgut of dairy cows; The effects of a Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation product (SCFP) on microbial fermentation in the digestive tract, milk production, and inflammation response were determined in Holstein dairy cows under normal and subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) conditions. Eight lactating dairy cows with ruminal and cecal cannulas were used in a cross-over design with 5 wk experimental periods. During the first experimental period, cows were randomly assigned to treatment, i.e. SCFP (Original XPC, Diamond V, Cedar Rapids, IA) or control. During the second experimental period, treatments were reversed. Experimental periods were separated by a two-week wash out period. During each period, the 4 cows on the SCFP treatment were supplemented with 14 g/d of SCFP in 126g of ground corn, whereas the other four cows received 140 g ground corn only. During the first 4 wk of each experimental period, all cows received a basal diet. During week 5 of both experimental periods, a SARA challenge was conducted in all cows by replacing 208 g/kg of the basal diet with pellets of ground wheat and barley (50:50 on a weight basis). This SARA challenge increased the duration of rumen pH below 5.6 from 11.1 to 311.1 min/d, indicating successful induction of SARA. Inducing SARA reduced milk fat from 3.24 to 2.82%, and lowered the acetate to propionate ratio from 3.07 to 1.74 in rumen fluid, from 5.13 to 4.57 in cecal digesta, and from 4.81 to 4.34 in feces. Induction of SARA increased milk protein content from 3.23 to 332%, without a concomitant effect on milk protein yield. Inducing SARA also increased endotoxic lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in rumen fluid, cecal digesta and feces from 15,389 to 123,296 endotoxin units (EU)/mL, from 31,982 to 77,380 EU/mL, and from 29,679 to 77, 371 EU/mL, respectively. Concentrations of LPS, serum amyloid A, haptoglobin, and LPS-binding protein increased by 215.0, 250.6, 181.6 and 47.5%, respectively, in peripheral blood when SARA was induced. The SCFP did not affect feed intake, yields of milk, milk fat, and milk protein but it reduced the variation in rumen pH during control feeding. During the SARA challenge, SCFP tended to reduce ruminal LPS at 6h after feed delivery, increased milk fat percentage (2.71 vs 2.92%, control vs SCFP), and reduced the extent of SARA-associated inflammation response as indicated by a reduction in the concentration of the pro-inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor a (0.09 vs 0.03 ng/mL, control vs SCFP). This shows that SCFP can attenuate some of the impact of SARA on production and health of dairy cows. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Ovary response and embryonic mortality in buffaloes treated with GnRH or hCG; The aim of the present study was to examine whether treatment with a GnRH agonist or hCG in pregnant buffaloes on Day 25 after AT induce ovulation and increased P-4 concentrations. The trial was carried out on 98 pluriparous buffaloes (DIM = 163 +/- 75 days) diagnosed pregnant by ultrasound on day 25 after AI, and randomly assigned in two treatment groups GnRH (12 mu g of Buserelin Acetate i.m) and hCG (1500 I.U. i.m.) after measurements of follicular diameter and evaluated ovulation. Milk samples were collected on Days 30 and 45 after AI, to assess P-4 concentrations in whey. Differences between the follicular diameters of ovulation and P-4 were tested by ANOVA. The incidences of animals which responded to the two treatments were analysed by Chi square test. The treatments on day 25 after AT induced ovulation respectively in 68.6% (GnRH) and 57.4% (hCG) of the buffaloes. No differences were found between diameter of follicle ovulated. Ovulation increased milk whey progesterone levels and reduced embryonic mortality in buffalo cows.
Euthanasia of Danish dairy cows evaluated in two questionnaire surveys; Background: Mortality risk in Danish dairy cows has more than doubled since 1990 (from 2% in 1990 to 5% in 2005). Until now, registrations about dead cows in the Danish Cattle Database have not included information about whether the cow died unassisted or was euthanized.
Recurrence of vulval intraepithelial neoplasia following treatment with cidofovir or imiquimod: results from a multicentre, randomised, phase II trial (RT3VIN); ObjectiveTo compare the recurrence rates after complete response to topical treatment with either cidofovir or imiquimod for vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (VIN) 3.
Supplementation with Combined Additive Improved the Production of Dairy Cows and Their Offspring with Maintenance of Antioxidative Stability; Oxidative stress damage in periparturient cows decreases both production and their health; supplementation with complex additives during the periparturient period has been used as an important strategy to enhance the antioxidant status and production of dairy cows. The periparturient cows not only risk a negative energy balance due to reduced dry matter intake but also represent a sensitive period for oxidative stress. Therefore, we have developed an immunomodulatory and nutritional regulation combined additive (INC) that hopefully can improve the immune status and production of cows during the periparturient period and their offspring health and growth by improving their antioxidant stress status. The INC comprised a diverse array of additives, including water-soluble and fat-soluble vitamins, Selenomethionine, and active dry Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Forty-five multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to three treatments: CON (no INC supplementation, n = 15), INC30 (30 g/d INC supplementation, n = 15), and INC60 (60 g/d INC supplementation, n = 15) based on last lactation milk yield, body condition score, and parity. Newborn calves were administered 4 L of maternal colostrum originating from the corresponding treatment and categorized based on the treatment received by their respective dams. The INC not only served to maintain the antioxidative stress system of dairy cows during the periparturient period but also showed a tendency to improve the immune response (lower tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6) during the perinatal period. A linear decrease in concentrations of alkaline phosphatase postpartum and beta-hydroxybutyrate was observed with INC supplementation. Milk fat yield, milk protein yield, and energy-corrected milk yield were also increased linearly with increasing additive supplementation. Calves in the INC30 group exhibited greater wither height and chest girth but no significant effect on average daily gain or body weight. The diarrhea frequency was linearly decreased with the incremental level of INC. Results indicate that supplementation with INC in peripartum dairy cows could be a major strategy to improve immune response, decrease inflammation, maintain antioxidant stress status in transition dairy cows, and have merit in their calves. In conclusion, this study underlines the benefits of INC supplementation during the transition period, as it improved anti-inflammatory capacity, could positively impact antioxidative stress capacity, and eventually enhanced the production performance of dairy cows and the health and growth of calves.
Long-term Efficacy of Topical Fluorouracil Cream, 5%, for Treating Actinic Keratosis A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Topical fluorouracil was demonstrated to be effective in reducing the number of actinic keratoses (AKs) for up to 6 months, but no randomized trials studied its long-term efficacy.
Effect of calfhood vaccination on transmission of bovine viral diarrhea virus under typical drylot dairy conditions; Objective-To estimate transmission of bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV) and crude morbidity and mortality ratios in BVDV-vaccinated and unvaccinated dairy heifer calves managed under typical dairy drylot conditions.
The effects of a prebiotic supplement (Prebio Support) on fecal and salivary IgA in neonatal dairy calves; The newborn calf's gastrointestinal tract is sterile at birth, but by 3 days of age coliforms. Lactobacilli, and Bifidobacteria are the predominant flora in the feces. During the preweaning period, calves are susceptible to diarrhea that can lead to high levels of morbidity and mortality. Diarrhea has been related with a decrease of beneficial microbiota and an increase of coliform counts in feces. Prebiotic supplements are believed to decrease diarrhea and positively affect some parameters of the immune system. In calves, these supplements have shown some promising effects on intestinal microbial populations but there is limited information about effects on immunity. The main objectives of this study were to evaluate effects of a prebiotic supplement containing fermentation products of lactic acid bacteria on the mucosal immune system by measuring fecal and salivary IgA and to evaluate calf health and growth performance. In this trial 40 Holstein calves were randomly assigned to receive milk replacer with a prebiotic supplement (20 g/day Prebio Support (TM); Meiji Feed Co., Ltd. Tokyo, Japan) or the same milk replacer with no prebiotic (control). Fecal and salivary IgA, calf health, plasma IgG, and lymphocyte counts were not affected by treatment. Lactobacilli count in feces was higher (P=0.05) and Bifidobacteria tended to be higher (P = 0.07) in calves fed prebiotic. Prebiotic supplement increased beneficial bacteria in calves, but did not decrease overall incidence of diarrhea in this trial. Calves in this study were all affected by cryptosporidiosis and some were treated with antibiotics, so it is possible that this limited some of the effects of the prebiotic product. Fecal IgA seemed to be a good measure of mucosal immunity, and more studies are needed to develop methods to measure this type of immunity in calves. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Protocol for a 4-arm randomized controlled trial testing remotely delivered exercise-only, diet-only, and exercise plus diet interventions among men with prostate cancer treated with radical prostatectomy (Prostate 8-II); Background: Nutrition and physical activity are associated with prostate cancer recurrence and mortality. Few randomized controlled trials (RCT) have examined the effects of long-term exercise and diet changes on prostate cancer clinical, biological, and patient-reported outcomes.Methods: Prostate 8-II is a 4-arm RCT among 200 men with prostate cancer who chose radical prostatectomy (RP) as their primary treatment. Men are enrolled prior to RP and randomized to exercise-only, diet-only, exercise + diet, or usual care (50/arm). Participants begin their assigned intervention 0-5 weeks prior to RP and continue for 24-months following surgery. The 3 active intervention arms receive access to a web-portal and text mes-sages, coaching calls, and other intervention resources (e.g., heart rate sensor and resistance bands and/or recipe booklet). Weekly exercise goals for the exercise intervention groups are 150 min moderate or 75 min vigorous aerobic exercise, 2 strength sessions, and 2 flexibility sessions. Diet intervention groups work with a dietitian to customize their goals (e.g., increase cruciferous vegetables, cooked tomatoes, healthy fats, fish; limit processed meats, whole milk). The primary endpoint is biochemical recurrence. Secondary endpoints include change in tumor biomarkers from biopsy to RP as well as patient-reported outcomes (e.g., quality-of-life), blood and urine biomarkers, and anthropometry at 0, 6, 12, and 24 months.Conclusion: This 4-arm RCT will examine the impact of change in exercise and diet (alone or in combination) on prostate cancer recurrence, biology, and quality-of-life.
Narrowband UVB and cream psoralen-UVA combination therapy for plaque-type psoriasis; Background: Psoralen-UVA (PUVA) and narrowband UVB (311-nm) therapy are considered to be first-line phototherapies for patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. To reduce side effects as a result of systemic resorption of psoralens, topical PUVA therapies have been developed and proven to be effective in the treatment of psoriasis.
Evaluation of EMLA cream for relieving pain during needle insertion on totally implantable venous access device; Purpose: Needle insertion is a routine procedure performed on cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device. Although this procedure is painful for most of the patients, it is regularly performed without topical application of local anesthetics. In our study, we assess the degree of pain associated with different duration times of EMLA cream. Methods: A total of 361 cancer patients with totally implantable venous access devices were randomly divided into three groups: group 1-placebo, group 2-30 min after application of EMLA, and group 3-60 min after application of EMLA. In this double-blinded prospective study, the efficacy of EMLA cream was compared with a placebo cream by comparing the degree of pain experienced by the patient who was evaluated during and after needle insertion on a numeric rating scale. Results: The mean +/- standard deviation of pain experienced by the patients was significantly (p < 0.05) lower in group C (0.69 +/- 0.98) than groups B (1.11 +/- 1.14) and A (1.91 +/- 1.40). No significant (p > 0.05) difference was found in mean scores from inexperienced and experienced procedures of needle insertions among three groups. Comparing male patients, the female patients in group 1 and group 2 had lower numeric rating scale (1.59 +/- 0.94, 1.39 +/- 1.35; p < 0.01). Conclusion: The present results review that the application of EMLA cream for 30 min is suitable, acceptable, and convenient in cancer patients with totally implantable venous access device undergoing needle insertion.
Supranutritional selenium intake from enriched milk casein impairs hepatic insulin sensitivity <i>via</i> attenuated IRS/PI3K/AKT signaling and decreased PGC-1α expression in male Sprague-Dawley rats; Selenium (Se)-enriched milk provides antioxidant benefits and has therapeutic potential against cancer. However, both antidiabetic and prodiabetic effects have been attributed to Se. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of Se -enriched milk casein on insulin sensitivity in rats when given at the requirement of 0.25 ppm Se and supranutritionally on both low-and high-fat diets. Two hundred sixteen male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed low-or high-fat diets containing one; two or eight times the Se requirement in a randomized block design. After 7 weeks, 72 rats were subjected to the hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp with [3-H-3]glucose infusion to estimate glucose fluxes. Tissues were collected from the remaining 144 rats 8 min after ip saline or insulin injection. During hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps, glucose infusion rate was 22% lower (P=.058), and endogenous glucose production was 76% higher (P=.054) when Se content increased from one to eight times the requirement on low -fat diets, indicating impaired hepatic insulin sensitivity. Se also decreased the ability for insulin to stimulate Akt phosphorylation at Thr308. Hepatic oxidation state and expression of selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase-1 were unaffected while expression of insulin receptor substrate (IRS) -1 and-2 and PPARy coactivator-alpha (PGC-1 alpha) decreased with supranutritional Se and high -fat intake. In addition, hepatic expression of regulatory and catalytic subunits of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) decreased with supranutritional intake of Se. Se intake from enriched casein up to eight times the requirement impairs hepatic insulin sensitivity in a mechanism similar to fat feeding, via attenuated IRS/PI3K/Akt signaling and decreased PGC-1 alpha expression. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparison of imiquimod 5% cream versus radiotherapy as treatment for eyelid basal cell carcinoma; Background To compare the efficacy, cosmesis and tolerance of two non-surgical treatments-dimiquimod (IMQ) 5% cream and radiotherapy (RT)-to combat periocular nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC).
Tacrolimus 0.03% ointment in labial discoid lupus erythematosus: A randomized, controlled clinical trial; In this randomized, controlled clinical trial to compare efficacy and safety, 41 patients with labial discoid lupus erythematosus (DLE) were randomized to 2 groups, either receiving tacrolimus 0.03% ointment (n=22) or triamcinolone acetonide 0.1% cream (n=19). Each patient was treated with 3, 2, and 1 daily doses in the first, second, and third weeks, respectively, for 1 course. After the 3 week treatment, patients with complete disappearance of erosion were followed up for 3 months. After the 3 week application, 20 participants in the tacrolimus group and 19 in the triamcinolone acetonide group completed the study. The rates of complete response were 70% and 89.5% in tacrolimus-treated and triamcinolone acetonide-treated patients, respectively, with no significant difference (P=.235). Reduction in erosion and erythema showed no significant difference between groups (P>.05). Final reduction in reticulation areas and numeric rating scale scores were significantly greater in the tacrolimus group than in the triamcinolone acetonide group (P=.013; P=.048, respectively). Only 1 patient receiving tacrolimus presented with slight discomfort. There was no significant difference in 3 month recurrence rate between the groups (P>.05). Topical tacrolimus is considered as effective as triamcinolone acetonide for the management of labial DLE.
Coffee consumption and cardiovascular diseases and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims: To evaluate the long-term consequences of coffee drinking in patients with type 2 diabetes. Data synthesis: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences were searched to November 2020 for prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of coffee drinking with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. Two reviewers extracted data and rated the certainty of evidence using GRADE approach. Random-effects models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Dose-response associations were modeled by a one stage mixed-effects meta-analysis. Ten prospective cohort studies with 82,270 cases were included. Compared to those with no coffee consumption, the HRs for consumption of 4 cups/ d were 0.79 (95%CI: 0.72, 0.87; n = 10 studies) for all-cause mortality, 0.60 (95%CI: 0.46, 0.79; n = 4) for CVD mortality, 0.68 (95%CI: 0.51, 0.91; n = 3) for coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality, 0.72 (95%CI: 0.54, 0.98; n = 2) for CHD, and 0.77 (95%CI: 0.61, 0.98; n = 2) for total CVD events. There was no significant association for cancer mortality and stroke. There was an inverse monotonic association between coffee drinking and all-cause and CVD mortality, and inverse linear association for CHD and total CVD events. The certainty of evidence was graded moderate for all-cause mortality, and low or very low for other outcomes. Conclusions: Drinking coffee may be inversely associated with the risk of mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, more research is needed considering type of coffee, sugar and cream added to coffee, and history of CVD to present more confident results. Registry and registry number: The protocol of this systematic review was registered at Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/8uaf3, registered form: osf.io/xur76, registration DOI: 10.17605/ OSF.IO/8UAF3). (c) 2021 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
'Efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for basal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trial': a critical appraisal; Aim Jia and He aimed 'to compare the efficacy and safety of imiquimod with other treatments in patients with basal cell carcinoma' (BCC).
Impact of topical fluorouracil cream on costs of treating keratinocyte carcinoma (nonmelanoma skin cancer) and actinic keratosis; Background: It is unknown whether treatment costs for keratinocyte carcinoma (KC) and actinic keratosis (AK) can be lowered by spending more on chemoprevention.
Phase 2 trial of talactoferrin in previously treated patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma; BACKGROUND. Talactoferrin (TLF), a recombinant form of human lactoferrin (hLF), is an immunomodulatory iron-binding glycoprotein first identified in breast milk. Its immunomodulatory functions include activation of natural killer (NK) and lymphokine-activated killer cells and enhancement of polymorphonuclear cells and macrophage cytotoxicity. Studies in animal models have shown promising anticancer activity, and clinical antitumor activity has been observed in nonsmall cell lung cancer and other tumor types. The purpose of the current study was to evaluate the activity and safety of TLF in patients with refractory metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC).
The effect of consumption of milk fermented by <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> strain Shirota on the intestinal microflora and immune parameters in humans; Objective: To determine the effect of consumption of milk fermented by Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (L. casei Shirota) on the composition and metabolic activities of the intestinal microflora, and immune parameters in humans.
Topical Treatment of Melanoma In Situ, Lentigo Maligna, and Lentigo Maligna Melanoma with Imiquimod Cream: A Systematic Review of the Literature; IntroductionThe classical management of melanoma is surgery, but this can be challenging because of several factors, such as age, body area, lesion size, among others. Topical imiquimod may be a therapeutic option for the treatment of melanoma in situ and lentigo maligna melanoma due to its efficacy, tolerability, and non-invasiveness. The purpose of this systematic review is to assemble current evidence on the treatment of non-metastatic melanoma with topical imiquimod.MethodsThe PubMed/MEDLINE and Cochrane Library databases were searched as the primary sources using the main search terms "imiquimod" combined with "lentigo maligna" and "melanoma" with the command "AND." Articles were identified, screened, and extracted for relevant data, following the PRISMA guidelines.ResultsA total of 87 studies covering 1803 lesions treated with imiquimod cream were identified and included in this sytematic review. Forty-nine studies were case reports, 16 were retrospective analyses, 3 were open label trials, six were case series; one study was a controlled randomized trial, one was a randomized trial, and one was a single-arm phase III trial. Because of the high number of low-evidence studies, the overall risk of bias resulted high. In 55 studies, imiquimod 5% was used in monotherapy as the primary treatment; only in one study was imiquimod 3.75% introduced. In most cases, the topical treatment was applied once daily, with the exception of nine cases where an increased daily dosage was prescribed. The total duration of the treatment regimen was extremely variable and depended on body area and tolerability, with differences among patients of the same study. In six studies, imiquimod was used as neoadjuvant therapy before the surgical excision, and in 11 studies it was used after surgery as complementary or adjuvant therapy. In total, 1133 of the 1803 (62.8%) lesions were reported to be cleared after the treatment, taking into account that not all of the patients completed the treatment. Of these 1133 lesions, histological clearance was achieved in 645 (56.9%) lesions and clinical clearance only was achieved in 490 (43.2%) lesions; relapse occurred in 107 lesions.ConclusionsThe heterogeneity of the studies included in this systematic review precludes the drawing of any relevant conclusions regarding the application of imiquimod. Its efficacy in melanoma in situ and lentigo maligna melanoma has been demonstrated, but further evidence from controlled studies concerning the modalities is missing.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: A double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled study; Background Imiquimod 5% cream may provide an effective nonsurgical treatment for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) based on results of previous studies.
Protective Effects of Milk Thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i>) against Aflatoxin B1 in Broiler Chicks; Aflatoxin-contaminated feed cause mortality, suppression of the immune system, reduced growth rates and losses in feed efficiency. This research study was planned to investigate the immunomodulatory and growth promoting effect of milk thistle as feed additive against aflatoxin B-1 in broiler chicks at NWFP Agricultural University Peshawar, Pakistan. Two hundred and forty (240) day old broilers chicks were randomly assigned into four major groups AfF, aflatoxin free feed; Aflatoxin B-1 was present in the feed at the levels of 80-520 mu g/kg of the feed in the remaining three groups. Aflatoxin contaminated feed was provided for 5 weeks. Group AfB was supplemented with toxin binder "Mycoad" at 3 g/kg of feed and group AfT was supplemented with milk thistle at 10 g/kg of feed. Each group was further sub divided into two sub-groups, vaccinated against ND (Newcastle disease), IB (Infectious bronchitis) and IBD (Infectious bursal diseases) according to recommended schedule of vaccination or non vaccinated. Each sub group carried three replicates with 10 chicks per replicate. Chicks were reared in pens in an open sided house. Supplementary heat was provided to all the chicks during brooding period. Mean body weight gain and dressing percentage were significantly (p<0.05) higher in group AM, followed by AfT, AfB and Af. Weight gain and dressing percentage was the same in group AfB and AfT, while it was significantly lower in group Af. Feed intake, breast, thigh and leg weight were found significantly (p<0.05) higher in group AM, followed by AfB, AfT and Af. Significantly lower (better) FCR value was recorded in group AfT. Water intake was significantly (p<0.05) higher in group AfT and AM as compared to other groups. Mortality was significantly (p<0.05) higher in group Af. Mean bursa and thymus weights were found significantly (p<0.05) higher in group Air, AfB and AfT followed by Af, while higher spleen weight was recorded in group AfT. Mean antibody titer against ND, IB and IBD was significantly (p<0.05) higher in group AfT, as compared to other groups. It is concluded that milk thistle at 10 g/kg of feed could effectively be utilized as immunostimulant and growth promotant in the presence of immunosuppressant aflatoxin B-1 in the feed.
Effect of feeding yeast culture on performance, health, and immunocompetence of dairy calves; Objectives were to determine effects of feeding a culture of Saccharomyces cerevisiae on performance, health, and immunocompetence of calves in the first 70 d of age. Holstein calves (n = 512) at 2 +/- 1 d of age were randomly assigned to yeast culture (YC, 218 females and 37 males) or control (223 females and 34 males). Yeast culture was fed at 2% of the grain dry matter. All calves received colostrum during the first 24 h, pasteurized milk thereafter until 60 d of age, and grain was fed ad libitum for the first 70 d of age. Calves were housed in individual hutches, and grain intake was measured 5 d/wk. Body weight was measured at 5, 30, and 68 d of age, and attitude and fecal consistency were scored daily. Incidence and duration of health disorders and treatments were recorded. Neutrophil phagocytic and killing activities and antibody response to immunization with ovalbumin were measured. Concentrations of glucose and 3-hydroxybutyrate were measured in plasma. Grain intake did not differ between treatments and averaged 908 g/d throughout the study. Body weight change, concentrations of glucose, and 3-hydroxybutyrate did not differ between YC and control. Minor effects on neutrophil function were observed, and YC tended to increase the number of phagocytized bacteria and killing of phagocytized bacteria but did not influence humoral immune response. Attitude scores were similar between treatments throughout the study. Almost all calves experienced mild diarrhea during the study, but feeding YC improved fecal scores, reduced days with watery feces, incidence of fever and diarrhea, and risk of health disorders. Because of the high incidence of diarrhea, mortality preweaning was also high, but YC improved survival of calves by decreasing mortality rate past 13 d of age. Income at the end of the study was improved by $48/calf with YC. Feeding yeast culture in grain improved health, minimized frequency of health treatments, and reduced risk of morbidity and mortality in dairy calves.
Impact of reproductive traits on productive life in Iranian Holstein dairy cows; Enhancing reproductive performance is a key strategy to mitigate involuntary culling rates, thereby extending productive life (PL) and ultimately improving profitability in dairy cattle herds. A piecewise Weibull proportional hazards model was used to investigate the effect of several important reproductive traits on PL in Holstein dairy cows. Data comprised 200,747 lactation records from 82,505 cows sired by 1952 bulls across 36 dairy herds. PL was defined as the number of days from the first calving to the last milk record or censoring. The statistical model accounted for the time-dependent fixed effects of changes in herd size, year-season, milk production, fat and protein contents, and the time-independent fixed effect of age at first calving. Herd-year and sire effects were also included as random effects. Reproductive traits include calving traits such as calving ease (CE), calf size (CZ), and calf survival (CS), as well as female fertility traits such as number of inseminations per conception (NI), days from calving to first service (CFS), days from first service to conception (FSC), and days open (DO). All reproductive traits had a significant effect on PL (p < 0.001). Each reproductive trait was analysed separately. The relative risk (RR) of being culled increased as the severity of calving difficulties increased in both primiparous and multiparous cows. Cows that calved small or large calves showed a higher risk of being culled compared with those that calved medium size calves. The increased RR of culling was observed only for primiparous cows that gave birth to dead calves. In addition, cows that required more NI, a longer CFS, FSC, and DO had shorter longevity. These insights can deepen our comprehension of the factors affecting PL and provide information for refining management and breeding strategies, which could lead to increased profitability and sustainability in Iranian dairy farming.
Calcium, vitamin D, milk consumption, and hip fractures: a prospective study among postmenopausal women; Background: Short trials of calcium supplementation show that it reduces loss of bone density in postmenopausal women; longer observational studies do not generally find a lower risk of hip fracture with higher-calcium diets. Fewer studies have focused on vitamin D in preventing postmenopausal osteoporosis or fractures.
Feeding rumen-protected gamma-aminobutyric acid enhances the immune response and antioxidant status of heat-stressed lactating dairy cows; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of rumen-protected gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) on immune function and antioxidant status in heat-stressed dairy cows. Sixty Holstein dairy cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments according to a completely randomized block design. The treatments consisted of 0 (control), 40, 80, or 120 mg of GABA/kg DM from rumen-protected GABA. The trial lasted 10 weeks. The average temperature-humidity indices at 0700,1400 and 2200 h were 78.4, 80.2 and 78.7, respectively. Rectal temperatures decreased linearly at 0700, 1400, and 2200 h with increasing GABA. As the GABA increased, the immunoglobulin (Ig) A and IgG contents and the proportions of CD4(+) and CD8(+) T lymphocytes increased linearly (P < 0.05), whereas concentrations of interleukin (IL)-2, IL-4, IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) decreased linearly (P < 0.05). The activities of superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-peroxidase (GSH-PX) and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) increased linearly (P < 0.05), whereas malondialdehyde (MDA) content decreased linearly (P < 0.05) with increasing GABA. These results indicate that rumen-protected GABA supplementation to heat-stressed dairy cows can improve their immune function and antioxidant activity. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cross-sectional study of the G and P genotypes of rotavirus A field strains circulating in regularly vaccinated dairy cattle herds; Neonatal diarrhea is the main cause of morbidity and mortality in calves up to 30days old, and rotavirus A (RVA) is the main viral etiology. RVA vaccines are one of the main tools for diarrhea control in neonates. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to monitor by RT-PCR the G and P genotypes of RVA strains identified in dairy cattle herds regularly vaccinated with the RVA UK strain (G6P[5]). Of the 14 randomly selected herds, two were excluded because no calf was diagnosed with diarrhea on the day of fecal collection. Another six herds were also excluded from the study because all 20 diarrheic fecal samples evaluated were RT-PCR-negative. In the remaining six herds, 17 (25.4%) of the 67 diarrheic samples were RVA-positive. One G and P amplicon from each herd were selected for nucleotide sequencing. In the phylogenetic analysis, five RVA strains presented the G6P[11] genotype, and one presented the G10P[11] genotype. The G6 genotype present in all RVA field strains clustered into a distinct phylogenetic arrangement (lineage III) of the UK vaccine strain (lineage IV), characterizing the emergence of a phylogenetically distant G6 strain. In addition, we observed the emergence of strains with G10 and P[11] genotypes characterizing failure in heterologous immune protection. These results show the epidemiological importance of constant monitoring of RVA strains in vaccinated cattle herds and the low frequencies of diarrhea and diagnosis of RVA suggest that a regular vaccination program reduces the frequency and severity of RVA diarrhea in suckling calves.
The relationship between the density of flies and the management of livestock waste with the incidence of diarrhea in the community of dairy farmers in Pudak Kulon Village, Ponorogo, Indonesia; Diarrhea is still one of community health problems in the world, especially in developing countries such as Indonesia, because of its high morbidity and mortality rates. This study aimed to know the relationship between the density of flies and livestock waste management with the incidence of diarrhea in the community dairy farmers. This study used a descriptive analytic with cross sectional study design. Data was collected using questionnaires, observation sheets, and measurements of the density of flies with a fly method grill and hand counter. Sample research used is as many as 177 family dairy farmers with the sampling method of cluster random sampling. The results of Chi Square test showed a significant relationship between the density of flies with the incidence of diarrhea (p=0.00) and the existence of a significant relationship between livestock waste management with the incidence of diarrhea (p=0.00). It is recommended that dairy farmers could improve their healthy living behaviours and manage the livestock waste.
Breast milk immune factors in Bangladeshi women supplemented postpartum with retinol or β-carotene; Background: Vitamin A supplementation of mothers postpartum may improve infant health, not only by increasing vitamin A delivery to the infant through breast milk but also by increasing delivery of milk immune factors. Our hypothesis was that postpartum supplementation with vitamin A increases milk concentrations of certain soluble immune factors.
Effects of dairy compared with soy on oxidative and inflammatory stress in overweight and obese subjects; Background: We recently showed that calcitriol increases oxidative and inflammatory stress; moreover, inhibition of calcitriol with high-calcium diets decreased both adipose tissue and systemic oxidative and inflammatory stress in obese mice, whereas dairy exerted a greater effect. However, these findings may be confounded by concomitant changes in adiposity.
Consumption of animal foods and endometrial cancer risk: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis; This article summarizes and quantifies the current evidence relating dietary intake of animal products and endometrial cancer. Literature searches were conducted to identify peer-reviewed manuscripts published up to December 2006. Twenty-two manuscripts from three cohort studies and 16 case-control studies were identified. One of these cohort studies evaluated only fried meat and another only milk consumption; they were not included in our meta-analyses. The third cohort study identified did not present exposure levels and could not be included in dose-response meta-analysis. This cohort study did not show an association with meat or red meat consumption. Random-effects dose-response summary estimates for case-control studies evaluating these foods were 1.26 (95% CI: 1.03-1.54) per 100 g/day of total meat, 1.51 (95% CI: 1.19-1.93) per 100 g/day of red meat, 1.03 (95% CI: 0.32-3.28) per 100 g/day of poultry, 1.04 (95% CI: 0.55-1.98) per 100 g/day of fish, and 0.97 (95% CI: 0.93-1.01) per serving of dairy. Our meta-analysis, based on case-control data, suggests that meat consumption, particularly red meat, increases endometrial cancer risk. The current literature does not support an association with dairy products, while the evidence is inconsistent for poultry, fish, and eggs. More studies, particularly prospective studies, are needed.
Effects of <i>Bupleurum</i> extract on blood metabolism, antioxidant status and immune function in heat-stressed dairy cows; This experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of Bupleurum extract (BE) on blood metabolites, antioxidant status, and immune function in dairy cows under heat stress. Forty lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments. The treatments consisted of 0, 0.25, 0.5, and 1.0 g of BE kg(-1) dry matter. Supplementation with BE decreased (P<0.05) blood urea nitrogen (BUN) contents and increased blood total protein (TP) and albumin (ALB) levels compared with control cows, but it had no effects (P>0.05) on blood glucose (GLU), nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), total triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Compared with control cows, cows fed BE had higher (P<0.05) superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity. However, supplementation with BE had no effect (P>0.05) on total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) or malondialdehyde (MDA) levels. The immunoglobulin (Ig) A and G contents increased (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.25 or 0.5 g of BE kg(-1). Interleukin (IL)-2 and IL-4 levels were higher (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.5 and 1.0 g of BE kg(-1), and IL-6 was significantly elevated (P<0.05) in cows fed 0.5 g of BE kg(-1). There were no treatment effects (P>0.05) on the CD4(+) and CD8(+) T lymphocyte ratios, CD4(+)/CD8(+) ratio, or tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) level among the groups. These findings suggest that BE supplementation may improve protein metabolism, in addition to enhancing antioxidant activity and immune function in heat-stressed dairy cows.
PREVALENCE OF SALMONELLA AND MULTIPLE ANTIMICROBIAL-RESISTANT SALMONELLA IN CALIFORNIA DAIRIES; A cross-sectional survey was conducted on 75 randomly selected dairies in one California county. Salmonella was isolated from 12 (16%) dairies; S newport was isolated from 6 (8%). Chloramphenicol-resistant S newport and S dublin were isolated from 8 (10.7%) dairies. Dairies with Salmonella had higher average calf mortality rates (P = 0.064; odds ratio [OR], 3.8). Dairies with S newport had a greater than expected occurrence of illnesses in adult cows compared with dairies with no S newport  (P = 0.048; OR , 6.7) or with no Salmonella serotypes isolated (P = 0.047; OR, 6.9). Dairies with chloramphenicol-resistant Salmonella were more likely to have used chloramphenicol during the preceding 18-month period compared with dairies with chloramphenicol-susceptible Salmonella or no Salmonella (P = 0.023; or, 9.5).
Effect of Topical Anesthetic Cream on Pain During Periareolar Injection of Technetium Tc99m Sulfur Colloid for Sentinel Lymph Node Biopsy in Breast Cancer: A Randomized Control Trial; Background: Injection of Tc99m to localize nodes for sentinel lymph node biopsy is reported by patients as very painful. The purpose of this study was to determine if anesthetic cream reduces pain associated with periareolar injection of Tc99m and to help elucidate conflicting literature regarding the efficacy of anesthetic cream for this procedure.
Effects of milk and milk products on rectal mucosal cell proliferation in humans; Intake of dairy products and major dairy constituents (e.g., calcium) has been proposed to reduce the risk of colorectal cancer, although epidemiological studies have yielded inconclusive results. We conducted a randomized cross-over trial to test the effects of high- and low-dairy consumption diets on rectal mucosal proliferation, a possible intermediary marker for large bowel cancer. From a gastroenterology clinic at an academic medical center, we recruited 40 patients, ages 25-79 years, who had either a history of a large bowel adenoma or a first-degree relative with large bowel cancer. Participants completed a baseline questionnaire covering demographic characteristics, health history, and habits and a food frequency questionnaire. They were randomized to a 12-week diet of either high dairy intake (six dairy servings/day) or low dairy intake (<0.5 serving of dairy products/day), with an intervening 12-week washout period in which they were asked to resume their usual diet before crossing over to the alternate study diet for the last 12-week period of the study. Adherence to the study diets was monitored by a daily dairy intake checklist and periodic, unscheduled 24-h dietary recalls. Biopsies of the rectal mucosa were obtained at the beginning and end of each intervention phase. Two assays of rectal mucosal cell proliferation were performed: immunohistochemical determination of proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count. We found no statistically significant changes in either of these proliferation measures as a result of high or low dairy intake. There was no correlation between the labeling index for proliferating cell nuclear antigen and whole crypt mitotic count; however, measures of the location and intensity of cell proliferation within the rectal crypt were highly correlated between the two assays. Thus, our study indicates that greater consumption of dairy products over a 12-week: period does not change rectal mucosal cell proliferation.
The effect of different implant programs on beef x dairy steer feedlot growth performance and carcass characteristics; The objective of this study was to evaluate potency and timing of trenbolone acetate (TBA) administration on live performance and carcass characteristics of beef x dairy steers. A total of 6,895 beef x dairy steers [initial body weight (BW) = 157 +/- 5.2 kg] were allotted into 30 pens, with pen as the experimental unit. Each pen was randomly assigned one of three implant treatments: 1) Revalor-IS (IS) at d 0, IS at d 80, and Revalor-XS (XS) at d 160 (IS/IS/XS); 2) Ralgro at d 0, IS at d 80, and XS at d 160 (Ral/IS/XS); or 3) Encore at d 0 and XS at d 160 (Enc/XS). Steers were blocked by arrival date, each pen was terminally sorted in three ways at 257 +/- 22 days on feed and harvested at 329 +/- 25 days on feed. For live and carcass outcomes, fixed effect of implant treatment and random effect of block was evaluated. Data are reported on a deads and removals out basis. Removals, morbidity, and mortality were similar (P >= 0.45). Steers administered TBA prior to d 160 were 5.8 kg heavier (P = 0.03) than Enc/XS steers at d 160. Final BW was not different (P = 0.78). Early administration of a TBA-containing implant resulted in an increased prevalence of bullers [2.40%, 5.18%, 6.86% (for Enc/XS, Ral/IS/XS, and IS/IS/XS) respectively; P < 0.01]. Dry matter intake (DMI) was 2.3% greater (P < 0.01) in steers administered Enc/XS compared to IS/IS/XS; however, DMI as a percentage of BW, average daily gain, and feed efficiency were not different (P >= 0.12). Dressing percentage, hot carcass weight, heavy carcass occurrence, Longissimus muscle area, and 12th rib fat thickness were similar among all steers (P >= 0.28). Marbling score tended to be greatest for Enc/XS and Ral/IS/XS (P = 0.09). Enc/XS graded a greater proportion of USDA Prime and fewer USDA Select carcasses than IS/IS/XS (P < 0.05). Enc/XS and Ral/IS/XS tended (P = 0.09) to have more USDA Yield Grade (YG) 1 carcasses. While delayed administration or decreased total potency of TBA-containing implants may decrease buller incidence and improve Quality Grade, few differences were observed in live or carcass outcomes.
Effect of housing improvement and other factors on the growth of heifer calves on Kenyan smallholder dairy farms; This trial evaluated average daily gain (ADG) effects of heifer calves (< 1 year old) from affordable housing improvements to the roof and flooring on 150 randomly allocated smallholder dairy farms. During the 16-month data collection period, bimonthly farm visits were used to measure weight and other animal- and farm-level factors on the 187 study calves. Multivariable linear regression was used to model ln ADG and ADG during pre-weaning and post-weaning periods, respectively. Median pre-weaning and post-weaning ADGs were 0.307 (interquartile range (IQR): 0.227-0.398) and 0.487 (IQR: 0.354-0.675) kg/d, respectively. In the final pre-weaning model (p<0.050), factors positively associated with ln ADG were calf age at first acaricide application, and total number of calf pens, while factors negatively associated with ln ADG included calf mortality risk over the last 5 years and calf age at first ad lib access to water. In an interaction term, for calves from parity 3+ dams, ADG was lower when milk was fed twice/day than thrice/day, with no difference in calves of lower parity dams. In the final post-weaning model, housing improvements increased ADG by 5.6%. Other factors positively associated with post-weaning ADG were feeding of calf pellets, wheat bran, maize bran, and hay. Calf age at first introduction of concentrate and calf mortality risk over the last 5 years were negatively associated with ADG. In an interaction term, ADG was high when there were faecal coccidia oocysts and when calves had visual or physical contact with their dams, but low when faecal coccidia cysts were present, and these dam-calf connections were absent. In a second interaction term, ADG increased with more calf pens for female principal farmers, while remaining low for male principal farmers. In conclusion, while controlling for other factors of ADG, making affordable calf housing improvements enhanced ADG, particularly during the post-weaning period.
Parenteral Antioxidant Supplementation at Birth Improves the Response to Intranasal Vaccination in Newborn Dairy Calves; Newborn calves experience oxidative stress throughout the first month of their life, which is known to decrease lymphocyte functions relevant to vaccine responsiveness. Thus, this study aimed to determine the extent to which parenteral antioxidant supplementation given at birth improves the response to an intranasal viral vaccine in the first month of life of newborn dairy calves. For this, 21 calves were randomly assigned at birth to one of two commercially available antioxidant micronutrient supplements or a placebo group receiving 0.9% sterile saline (n = 7/group). Serum and nasal secretion samples were collected before administration of treatments and an intranasal vaccine against respiratory viruses (bovine herpesvirus type 1, bovine syncytial respiratory virus, and parainfluenza 3), and once weekly for the first four weeks of age. Systemic redox balance was determined in serum. Immunoglobulin A specific for bovine herpesvirus 1 and bovine syncytial respiratory virus was quantified in nasal secretions as a proxy to intranasal vaccine responsiveness. Our results showed that parenteral administration of antioxidants at birth improved calves' redox balance. Additionally, calves receiving antioxidant supplementation had higher concentrations of immunoglobulin A in their nasal secretions than calves in the control group. Thus, we conclude that supplementation of calves with antioxidants at birth could be a practical strategy to improve intranasal vaccine response. Future larger studies should evaluate the extent to which this increased mucosal response to intranasal vaccination could result in decreased calf morbidity and mortality.
Impact of litter size, supplementary milk replacer and housing on the body composition of piglets from hyper-prolific sows at weaning; The modern hyper-prolific sow gives birth to 17 live-born piglets on average. An alternative strategy to nurse sows and artificial rearing may be providing milk replacer while letting all the piglets stay with their dam. However, milk replacer is of lower nutritional quality than sow milk and may reduce the body fat content of piglets who use milk replacer to compensate for low suckling success due to competition at the udder. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the body compositional weaning of two random sow-reared piglets per litter from 93 litters by using the deuterium oxide dilution technique. The piglets were part of large study with a 2x2x2 factorial design of either 14 or 17 piglets from day 1 (LS: LS14/LS17) with or without access to milk replacer (MILK: -MILK/ +MILK) and reared by crated or loose-housed sows (HOUSING: CRATE/LOOSE). From behavioral observations day 21 in +MILK, piglets were divided according to their frequency of drinking milk replacer and suckling (Nutrition Source). Increasing LS from 14 to 17 reduced the average daily gain from 258 to 228 g/d and body fat % from 14.4 to 12.7% (P<0.01). In a two-way interaction between LS and HOUSNG, the body fat percentage was lower (P=0.04) and the water percentage tended to be higher (P=0.07) in LS17 CRATE compared to the other treatments (i.e. LS17 LOOSE, LS14 CRATE and LOOSE). There was no effect of MILK on piglet composition day 28 (P>0.1). In +MILK, the Nutrition Source affected piglet body composition (P<0.05) as piglets with low suckling frequency (LOW) had lower body fat and higher water content compared to piglets who had high suckling frequency (SUCKLE). Unexpectedly, drinking milk replacer in addition to suckling (MIXED) did not increase piglet body fat content. Relying mainly on milk replacer (CUP) caused body fat and water contents to be intermediate to piglets with high (SUCKLE and MIXED) and low suckling frequency (LOW). In conclusion, LS had a clear impact on piglet growth and body composition at weaning. In contrast, supplementation of milk and housing had only negligible impact on litter performance. Some individual piglets that had low frequency of sow milk intake benefitted from milk supplementation. Loose housing appeared to benefit piglet body fat at weaning but this was due to a greater piglet mortality. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The Animal Consortium.
High concentration of topical amitriptyline for treating chemotherapy-induced neuropathies; PurposeChemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a devastating pain condition of cancer therapy that may force chemotherapy dose reduction or discontinuation. Since treatment options for CIPN are quite limited, we investigated the effect of 10% amitriptyline cream on neuropathic pain.Patients and methodsThis pilot study enrolled patients with hematological or solid tumors presenting hands and feet CIPN (for less than 1month without previous treatment for CIPN [Group 1]; for more than 1month with previous treatment [Group 2]). Patients applied 10% amitriptyline cream twice a day. Pain intensity was evaluated at 1, 2, and 4weeks then monthly up to 1year. The primary endpoint was change from baseline to 4-week treatment in median pain score assessed by visual analogue scale (VAS).ResultsOverall, 44 patients were enrolled. Median (range) age was 67 (46-80) years, 34% were female. The majority (88.6%) had hematological malignancies, and the most commonly used chemotherapeutic agents were bortezomib and oxaliplatin. The median (range) VAS pain score decreased from 7 (4-9) at baseline to 2 (0-4) after 4-week topical treatment. No difference was seen between Group 1 and Group 2. Reduced initial chemotherapy doses in 11 patients as well as chemotherapy discontinued in 5 patients at baseline were resumed after treatment with 10% amitriptyline cream.ConclusionConsidering the limited efficacy of conventional systemic treatments in CIPN and their safety profile, 10% topical amitriptyline appears to be a good candidate for first-line CIPN therapy, allowing continuation of chemotherapy at effective doses. The results are worth to be confirmed in a placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Effect of farm and animal-level factors on youngstock mortality and growth on calf rearing farms; Both calf mortality and daily weight gain have a crucial impact on profitability of calf rearing farms. In addition, high calf mortality rates represent an animal welfare problem. Mortality rates on calf rearing farms have been reported in several studies in different countries, but scant data regarding daily weight gain of the calves are available. The objectives of this observational retrospective study were to determine the average mortality and daily weight gain of calves and youngstock on Finnish calf rearing farms and to identify factors associated with these production parameters. National cattle register and national herd health register databases together with meat companies' databases were used to collect weight, age, breed, medication, and origin farm data for 28 228 calves transported to the 87 calf rearing farms between 1 January and 1 October 2016. A telephone questionnaire was completed by selected farms to collect management and farm-specific data.
Milk Enriched with Conjugated Linoleic Acid Fails to Alter Blood Lipids or Body Composition in Moderately Overweight, Borderline Hyperlipidemic Individuals; Background: Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) represents a group of positional and geometric isomers of conjugated dienoic derivatives of linoleic acid. The effects of dietary CLA on blood lipids and body composition in humans remain controversial.
Oxidative stress and antioxidant protection in the perinatal period; Purpose of review Oxidative stress is implicated in the pathophysiology of disorders during pregnancy, childbirth and the postnatal period, but open questions exist on the effects of antioxidants, the role of oxidative stress during resuscitation and the antioxidative protection of human milk. Recent findings In a randomized controlled trial, fish oil supplementation to pregnant women did not enhance oxidative stress. Two randomized controlled trials supplementing high dosages of both vitamins C and E did not show any reduction in the incidence of preeclampsia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing resuscitation of asphyxiated infants either with 100% oxygen or with room air demonstrated significantly lower neonatal mortality with use of room air. Antioxidative properties of human milk were greater in milk from mothers of term than of preterm infants. Summary Increased levels of oxidative stress and reduced antioxidative capacities may contribute to the pathogenesis of disorders in the perinatal period. Based on the available evidence, supplementation of pregnant women with high dosages of both vitamin C and E cannot be recommended. Asphyxiated newborn infants should be resuscitated with room air rather than with 100% oxygen. Breastfeeding appears beneficial in providing antioxidative protection.
Eucalcemia during lipopolysaccharide challenge in postpartum dairy cows: II. Calcium dynamics; Hypocalcemia induced by immune activation is a conserved response among mammals. Early postpartum cows will experience decreased circulating Ca concen-trations following acute immune activation; however, the cause for decreased Ca concentration is unknown. Our objectives were to (1) describe Ca dynamics fol-lowing an intravenous (IV) LPS challenge in early post-partum cows, and (2) compare inflammatory-induced changes in Ca dynamics between IV Ca-treated cows and control cows. Cows (n = 14, 8 + 1 d in milk) were enrolled in a matched-pair randomized controlled de -sign to receive IV Ca (IVCa) in a eucalcemic clamp for 12 h, or 0.9% NaCl (CTRL) following an IV LPS infu-sion (0.040 or 0.045 mu g of LPS/kg of body weight over 1 h). During the 24 h following LPS infusion, circulating concentrations of parathyroid hormone and serotonin were measured, serum and urine samples were collected to calculate urinary fractional excretion of Ca (FECa), and fecal samples were collected to calculate Ca ap-parent digestibility (ADCa) using amylase-treated and ash-corrected undigested neutral detergent fiber after 240 h (uNDFom240) as an internal marker. Changes in Ca intake and milk Ca secretion were also quantified and compared with baseline values. Cows were fasted during challenge and dry matter intake was 20 + 5% less than baseline values on the day of challenge and did not differ between groups. On the day of chal-lenge, milk Ca concentration increased, but milk yield decreased such that total Ca secreted in milk did not change from baseline. Urine FECa was low overall, but an interaction of treatment and time was identified such that FECa increased in IVCa but decreased in CTRL. Concentrations of parathyroid hormone increased and serotonin decreased following challenge. Fecal dry mat -ter decreased from baseline, but did not differ between 6, 12, and 24 h, and did not differ between groups. An interaction of treatment and time was identified for ADCa and apparent digestibility of dry matter such that digestibility was decreased in CTRL but not IVCa at 6 h. Acute immune activation induced hypocalcemia in CTRL, and although urinary Ca excretion was not a primary cause, it is unclear to what degree hypocal-cemia was due to altered ADCa. Eucalcemia appeared to alter adaptations in Ca homeostasis during immune activation as FECa was increased in IVCa animals.
Validation of the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma: A randomised experiment study; Background Hand-foot skin reaction may influence the effectiveness of patients' treatment, patient quality of life, and the economics of health care. An effective prophylactic dermatological cream for preventing sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is yet to be identified. Aim The aim of this study is validated the prophylactic efficacy of urea-based creams on sorafenib-induced hand-foot skin reaction in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma. Methods This was a randomised double-blind experimental study. A total of 129 patients with advanced HCC were randomly assigned to three groups. The comparison group received best supportive care (BSC), group A received BSC plus a moisturising cream, and group B received BSC plus a 10% urea-based cream. Incidence of HFSR and cutaneous wetness were assessed 3 days before starting sorafenib and each week after starting sorafenib for 8 weeks. Results No significant difference was observed in the incidence density of sorafenib-induced HFSK (comparison group/A group, p > .05; comparison group/B group, p > .05). Group B reported significantly better cutaneous wetness of hands in the seventh week after starting sorafenib (p < .05) and of feet during the first 6 weeks (p < .05-.001). Conclusion This study found a nut size amount of a 10% urea-based cream applied twice a day can maintain patients' cutaneous wetness in the first 6 weeks after starting sorafenib than moisturising-alone cream. But it cannot reduce the occurrence of HFSR. Thus, the result supports nut-size dose of the 10% urea-based cream three times a day may be an appropriate dose to prevent HFSR. Clinical Trail Registration Number: NCT04568330.
Smallholder dairy systems in the Kenya highlands: cattle population dynamics under increasing intensification; A cross-sectional stratified random sample survey of 1755 households in the Kenya highlands was conducted between June 1996 and April 1998 to quantify cattle population dynamics in smallholder herds. The free-, semi-zero- and zero-grazing systems practised represented increasing levels of intensification of the farms. Additional data were collected in a follow-up survey of 50 households from the main survey sample. In the main survey there were 987 cattle-keeping households, of which 44, 33 and 23% practised zero-, semi-zero- and free-grazing systems, respectively. Compared to free-grazing, zero-grazing farms had a higher proportion of cows in the herd (0.62 vs. 0.51) but lower calving rates (0.52 vs. 0.69), higher losses of potential heifer replacements (0.47 vs. 0.38), fewer heifer replacements as a proportion of cows disposed (0.46 vs. 1.11) and shorter productive life (3.8 vs. 4.8 years). Semi-zero-grazing farms had intermediate performance. They and the zero-grazing farms were unable to maintain their herds without acquiring replacements externally. Animal class mortality rates were high (7-19%) regardless of grazing system practised. Diseases accounted for the largest proportion of animal exits: 85% of heifer-calves, 38% of heifers and 36% of cows. According to farmers' ranking, East Coast fever and Anaplasmosis diseases assumed less importance with a shift from free-grazing to zero-grazing system. A household's needs for cash was the second most frequent reason after disease for animal exits: 33% of heifers and 27% of cows, indicating the importance of cattle as liquid capital assets. The results showed that many zero-grazed herds required external sources of replacement animals to sustain their populations. Solutions to this constraint will include technical and institutional innovations to serve small-scale farms that may result in greater complementarities between, the small- and large-scale production components of the dairy sub-sector. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Comparison of the effects of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, human chorionic gonadotropin or progesterone on pregnancy per artificial insemination in repeat-breeder dairy cows; Three different treatments were compared to improve pregnancy per artificial insemination (P/AI) in repeat-breeder (RB) dairy cows. All cows (n = 103) were assigned to one of four groups: (1) gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH); (2) human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG); (3) once-used controlled internal drug release (CIDR) device; and (4) control. All treatments performed 5-6 days after artificial insemination (AI) and milk samples were collected just before treatment for progesterone assays. There were no significant differences in milk fat progesterone concentration among trial groups. Cows were observed for estrus signs thrice daily. Pregnancy per AI on day 45 in hCG and CIDR groups were significantly higher than GnRH and control groups (60.0% and 56.0% vs. 26.9% and 29.6%, respectively), but there were no differences in P/AI between GnRH and control groups. There were also no significant differences between hCG and CIDR groups. Milk fat progesterone concentrations were compared between pregnant and non-pregnant cows in each group and only in the hCG group it was significantly lower in pregnant cows. In conclusion, treating repeat-breeder cows with hCG or once-used CIDR 5-6 days after AI improved P/AI. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All tights reserved.
Provision of High Protein Foods Slows the Age-Related Decline in Nutritional Status in Aged Care Residents: A Cluster-Randomised Controlled Trial; ObjectivesMalnutrition, particularly protein insufficiency, is common in institutionalised older adults and increases morbidity, mortality, and costs. We aimed to determine whether 12 months supplementation using high-protein foods (milk, cheese, yoghurt) prevents malnutrition in older adults.DesignCluster randomised control study.SettingSixty Australian aged care facilities.ParticipantsOlder adults living in aged care homes (n=654, mean age 86.7 +/- 7.2 years, 72% females).InterventionFacilities randomly allocated to a high-protein (n=30 intervention) or regular (n=30 controls) menu.MeasurementsNutritional status assessed using the Mini Nutrition Assessment (MNA) tool and fasting morning blood samples (n=302) assayed for haemoglobin (Hb) and albumin. Food intake was monitored 3-monthly using visual plate waste assessment. Measurements at baseline and month 12 were analysed using random effects model accounting for clustering (facility), repeated measure and confounders.ResultsAddition of 11g of protein as 1.5 servings of high-protein foods daily preserved nutritional status that deteriorated in controls [MNA screen (-0.68, 95%CI: -1.03, -0.32, p<0.001) and total (-0.90, 95%CI: -1.45, -0.35, p=0.001) scores], resulting in group differences in MNA screen (0.62, 95%CI: 0.17, 1.06, p=0.007) and total (0.81, 95%CI: 0.11, 1.51, p=0.023) scores and group difference in Hb (3.60g/L, 95%CI: 0.18, 7.03, p=0.039), the net result of preservation with intervention (0.19g/L, 95%CI: -2.04, 2.42, p=0.896) and a decline in controls (-3.41g/L, 95%CI: -6.01, -0.82, p=0.010). No group differences were observed for serum albumin.ConclusionConsumption of high-protein foods is a pragmatic approach to maintaining nutritional status in older adults in aged-care.
Pregnancy patterns during the early fetal period in high producing dairy cows treated with GnRH or progesterone; In order to explore pregnancy patterns in high producing dairy cows treated with GnRH or progesterone at pregnancy diagnosis (Days 28-34), two consecutive experiments were designed. In Experiment 1, cows bearing a single embryo were randomly assigned to a PRID (n = 40 cows fitted with a progesterone releasing intra-vaginal device for 28 days), GnRH (n = 40; cows receiving GnRH) or Control (n = 26; untreated cows) group. PRID treatment led to a rise in plasma progesterone concentrations in the 7 days following the onset of treatment compared to the other two groups. In Experiment 2, in which we also examined twin pregnancies, animals were randomly assigned to PRID (n = 312) or GnRH (n = 294) treatment groups. Treatments were the same as described for Experiment 1. Logistic regression procedures revealed that in cows with a single corpus luteum, the probability of pregnancy loss between the first (Days 28-34) and second (Days 65-62) pregnancy diagnosis decreased by a factor of 0.51 in the PRID group compared to the GnRH group. However, in cows with two or more corpora lutea, PRID treatment increased the likelihood of pregnancy loss by a factor of three, compared to GnRH treatment. In cows carrying twins, the conceptus reduction rate was higher (P = 0.02) for the GnRH (36%) than for the PRID (16.4%) group. Formation of a new corpus luteum was recorded in 17.7% of cows in the GnRH group. Our results indicate that compared to GnRH treatment, progesterone treatment given at pregnancy diagnosis in high producing dairy cows, reduced by a factor of 0.51 and increased by a factor of 3 the probability of pregnancy loss in cows with a single or with two or more corpora lutea, respectively, and reduced the conceptus reduction rate in cows carrying twins. The practical implications of our findings are that in herds with a high incidence of early fetal loss of a non-infectious nature, treatment at the time of pregnancy diagnosis with PRID in cows with one corpus luteum and with GnRH in cows with two or more corpora lutea should offer considerable benefits. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of a protocol to reduce the incidence of neonatal calf diarrhoea on dairy herds; Calf diarrhoea causes substantial economic losses in cattle herds worldwide. Neonatal calves are particularly sensitive to infections with enteropathogens. The present study focused on prevention against the main infectious causes of neonatal calf diarrhoea i.e. Escherichia coli, rota- and coronavirus, and Cryptosporidium parvum. Dairy herds (n= 24) with a high percentage of neonatal calves scouring (>10%) were included and calves were sampled for the presence of these four enteropathogens. To decrease diarrhoea problems among neonatal calves, a standard protocol was tested on 13 herds (treatment group) where both C. parvum and either E. coli or rota- or coronavirus were identified as being involved, the other 11 herds served as control group. The protocol consisted of 2 points of action: preventive vaccination of dams against E. coli, rota- and coronavirus, and preventive administration of halofuginone lactate to newborn calves. The average percentage of calves suffering from neonatal diarrhoea (39.7% versus 14.3%, P< 0.01) and the average percentage of faecal samples positive for C parvum (34% versus 11%, P< 0.05) differed significantly between control herds and treatment herds after implementation of the protocol. No significant differences between control and treatment group were observed in the percentage of calves excreting E. coli, rotavirus and coronavirus, both before and at the end of the trial. Furthermore, risk factors potentially associated with the development of neonatal calf scours were determined. Non-significant results were obtained for the effect of the protocol on duration of diarrhoea and the effect of the colostral IgG quantity on the risk of diarrhoea. Passive immunity transfer status of the calves, measured both before the onset and at the end of the study, were non-significant between groups. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Relationships between N'Dama cow body condition score and production performance under an extensive range management system in Southern Senegal: calf weight gain, milk production, probability of pregnancy, and juvenile mortality; This study aimed to determine the relationships between N'Dama cows body condition score (BCS) and (i) calf growth and the milk collected; and (ii) the probabilities of pregnancy and juvenile mortality. Animals from 10 herds ranging from 20 to 210 animals in herd size were followed monthly in an extensive range management system in Southern Senegal between 1993 and 1999. For daily weight gains and milk collected, linear mixed-effects models were fitted between calving and 6 months postpartum. Cow lactation was included as random effect, with an unstructured variance-covariance matrix. Calving season, parity, herd size, and calving BCS were the fixed effects. For the probabilities of pregnancy and juvenile mortality, survival models for grouped data were fitted on a monthly scale. The model selection was based on the Akaike information criteria. In large herds, calving BCS had little effect on milk production. In small herds, calves born to cows scoring >= 2.5 points at calving grew quicker and their dam were more milked. The relative difference in milk production between thin and fat cows averaged 23%. The relative gain was higher in the cool dry season than in the other seasons, and for primiparous than for multiparous cows. Except during the hot dry season, the probability of pregnancy was twice as high for cows scoring >= 2.5 points the two previous months than for other cows. The BCS had no effect on calf survival until 1 year of age in large herds. In small herds, calves born to thin cows at calving showed a survival at 1 year more than five points lower than calves born to fatter cows. The threshold of 2.5 points on a five-point scale is pertinent to describe the production performance of N'Dama cows in such a breeding context. (c) 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Anticancer Effects of Bubaline Functional Milk with Higher Concentration of Conjugated Linoleic Acid and Omega-3 Fatty Acids; The fat of ruminants products (milk, meat) in many cases is considered harmful to health because contains saturated fatty acids, but in recent years it been found that some components such as the conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and Omega-3 fatty acids, have many beneficial properties, among which stands out its anticancer properties. Many factors may influence the increase of the Omega-3 fatty acids and CLA in milk, but the food is a preponderant factor, therefore the manipulation of the animal diet to increase the concentration of these acids in milk has gained prominence in recent years.
Paget's Disease of the Vulva Treated with Imiquimod: Case Report and Systematic Review of the Literature; Background: Extramammary Paget's disease of the vulva (EPDV) is a rare adenocarcinoma in situ of the vulvar skin and is often resected with involved margins due to its reticular growth pattern. Adjuvant treatment with the immunomodulator imiquimod may be suitable to avoid repeated and mutilating surgery. Case Presentation: We present the case of a 73-year-old woman with EPDV, initially treated with surgical resection and re-resection for involved margins. Final histology revealed Paget's disease of the left vulva with 8 cm in the largest diameter and again involved margins. Subsequently, topical therapy with imiquimod 5% cream twice weekly was applied for 3 months. Vulvoscopy and local biopsies confirmed complete remission (CR). Based on a literature search using PubMed and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, 21 reports on the therapeutic efficacy of imiquimod in 70 women with EPDV have been published. Pooled rates of CR and partial remission were 71% (50/70) and 16% (11/70), respectively. There were 4 cases of disease progression under imiquimod and the therapy was generally well tolerated with mild to moderate local reactions in >50% of cases. Conclusion: EPDV is a rare genital neoplasia and may be successfully treated with the topical immunomodulator imiquimod. Specifically, adjuvant imiquimod is a feasible and efficacious treatment option for women with involved resection margins after surgery. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effectiveness of the strain 919 bovine ephemeral fever virus vaccine in the face of a real-world outbreak: A field study in Israeli dairy herds; Bovine ephemeral fever virus (BEFV) is a globally spread arthropod-borne RNA virus that has significant economic impacts on the cattle industry. A live attenuated commercial BEF vaccine, based on the Australian BEFV strain 919, is widely used in Israel and other countries. A previous study has suggested the high effectiveness of this vaccine (ULTRAVAC BEF VACCINETM from Zoetis & REG;), but anecdotal reports of high BEF morbidity among vaccinated dairy herds in Israel casted doubt on these findings. To resolve this uncertainty, a randomized controlled field vaccine effectiveness study was conducted in Israel during a BEF outbreak which occurred in 2021. Eleven dairy herds were enrolled and monitored for BEFassociated morbidity and rumination alteration patterns using electronic monitoring tags (HR Tags, SCR & REG; Dairy, Netanya, Israel). Four of the herds were naturally infected with BEFV during the outbreak, resulting in a total of 120 vaccinated and 311 unvaccinated subjects that were included in the effectiveness study. A mixed-effect Cox proportional hazard regression model was used to calculate the overall hazard ratio between vaccinated and unvaccinated cattle. This analysis demonstrated an average vaccine effectiveness of 60 % (95 % CI = 38 %-77 %) for preventing clinical disease. In addition, a non-statistically significant trend (p = 0.1) towards protection from mortality was observed, with no observation of mortality among the vaccinated groups compared to 2.61 % mortality (7/311) among the unvaccinated subjects. One hundred and thirty vaccinated and unvaccinated calves from affected and non-affected herds and with different status of morbidity were sampled and analysed by serum-neutralization test. The highest titers of BEFV-neutralizing antibodies were found in subjects that were both vaccinated and clinically affected, indicating a booster effect after vaccination. The results of the study provide evidence for the moderate effectiveness of the ULTRAVAC BEF VACCINETM for the prevention of BEF. & COPY; 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of the Topical form of <i>Achillea millefoliumon</i> on Nipple Fissure in Breastfeeding Women: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Nipple fissure is one of the most common diseases in breastfeeding which leads to maternal pain and disruption of the mother-infant relationship. Since the most important consequence of nipple fissure is the deprivation of the infant from breast milk, it is very important to prevent and treat this condition. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of the topical form of Achillea millefoliumon on nipple fissure in breastfeeding women referring to the comprehensive health centers of Hamadan, Iran.
Early pregnancy diagnosis by palpation per rectum: Influence on embryo/fetal viability in dairy cattle; The objective was to estimate the effect of palpation per rectum (for early pregnancy diagnosis) on embryo/fetal viability in dairy cattle. A controlled, randomized block-design experiment with two blocks, one by category, and the other by number of embryos, was conducted. Five-hundred-and-twenty pregnant dairy cows and heifers with a viable embryo detected by transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS) between days 29 and 32 after AI were included. The pregnant females were randomly allocated into two nearly equal groups: palpation per rectum (PAL group; n=258) and no palpation per rectum (NPAL group; n=262). The PAL group was submitted to palpation per rectum (PPR) using the fetal membrane slip (FMS) technique once between days 34 and 41 of pregnancy. The fetal membrane slip consisted of compressing the pregnant uterine horn and allowing the chorioallantoic membrane to slip between the fingers. Both groups were submitted to two additional TRUS at days 45 and 60 of pregnancy, to monitor the potential immediate and delayed deleterious effects of PPR on embryo and fetal viability, respectively. A diagnosis of embryo/fetal death was made when there was no embryo/fetal heart beat or the absence of positive signs of pregnancy in an animal previously diagnosed pregnant, or the presence of signs of embryo/fetal degeneration. The overall rate of embryo/fetal death was 14.0% (73/ 520). Embryonic death (10%; 52/520) was higher than fetal death (4.5%; 21/468; P < 0.001). Embryo/fetal mortality was higher in cows (16.4%; 59/360) than in heifers (8.8%; 14/160; P < 0.025) and in cattle with twin (25.5%; 12/47) versus singleton pregnancies (12.9%; 61/473; P < 0.025), but was not different (P > 0.05) between PAL (14.7%; 38/258) and NPAL (13.4%; 35/262). In conclusion, PPR between days 34 and 41 of pregnancy using the fetal membrane slip technique did not affect embryo/fetal viability. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in five adipokine genes in dairy cattle populations; Genetic diversity in candidate genes for fitness and production traits was explored in three populations of dairy cattle. The study focused on adipokines, including leptin (LEP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF), interleukin-8 (IL8) and interleukin-10 (IL10) as candidate genes, The three populations of interest included young Jersey and Holstein (modem Holstein) sires, and Holstein sires born prior to 1970 (traditional Holstein). Pools of DNA representing each sire group were used as template to generate PCR products for sequencing and identification of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP). Sequences of PCR product were assembled and SNPs identified using Sequencher 4.5 software. One SNP representing each gene and a previously reported SNP in LEP were selected for genotyping across all bulls. A multiplexed genotyping assay was developed using the ABI PRISM SNaPshot Multiplex Kit. Allele and genotypic frequencies were determined for each sire group, and genotypic frequencies were in agreement with Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. Allele frequencies were compared among sire groups using the chi-square test. A significant difference between Jersey and Holstein was observed for all genes, and modern and traditional Holstein groups differed for the previously described LEP and IL10 SNP. Although allele frequency differences between modem and traditional Holsteins may reflect the effect of selection pressure for production traits on these genomic regions, random genetic drift or sampling bias could also have contributed to the observed differences.
Dietary supplementation of vitamin D3 and calcium partially recover the compromised time budget and circadian rhythm of lying behavior in lactating cows under heat stress; Heat stress (HS) impedes cattle behavior and performance and is an animal comfort and welfare issue. The objective of this study was to characterize the time budget and circadian rhythm of lying behavior in dairy cows during HS and to assess the effect of dietary supplementation of vitamin D3 and Ca. Twelve multiparous Holstein cows (42.2 +/- 5.6 kg milk/d; 83 +/- 27 d in milk) housed in tiestalls were used in a split-plot design with the concentration of dietary vitamin E and Se as main plots (LESe: 11.1 IU/kg and 0.55 mg/kg, and HESe: 223 IU/kg and 1.8 mg/ kg, respectively). Within each plot cows were randomly assigned to (1) HS with low concentrations of vitamin D3 and Ca (HS, 1,012 IU/kg and 0.73%, respectively), (2) HS with high concentrations of vitamin D3 and Ca (HS+D3/Ca; 3,764 IU/kg and 0.97%, respectively), or (3) thermoneutral pair-fed (TNPF) with low concentrations of vitamin D3 and Ca (1,012 IU/kg and 0.73%, respectively) in a Latin square design with 14-d periods and 7-d washouts. Lying behavior was measured with HOBO Loggers in 15 -min intervals. Overall, cows in HS spent less time lying per day relative to TNPF from d 7 to 14. Daily lying time was positively correlated with milk yield, energy-corrected milk yield, and feed efficiency, and was negatively correlated with rectal temperature, respiratory rate, fecal calprotectin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and C-reactive protein. A treatment by time interaction was observed for lying behavior: the time spent lying was lesser for cows in HS than in TNPF in the early morning (0000-0600 h) and in the night (1800-2400 h). The circadian rhythm of lying behavior was characterized by fitting a cosine function of time into linear mixed model. Daily rhythmicity of lying was detected for cows in TNPF and HS+D3/Ca, whereas only a tendency in HS cows was observed. Cows in TNPF had the highest mesor (the average level of diurnal fluctuations; 34.2 min/h) and amplitude (the distance between the peak and mesor; 17.9 min/h). Both the mesor and amplitude were higher in HS+D3/ Ca relative to HS (26.6 vs. 25.2 min/h and 3.91 min/h vs. 2.18 min/h, respectively). The acrophase (time of the peak) of lying time in TNPF, HS, and HS+D3/ Ca were 0028, 0152, and 0054 h, respectively. Lastly, a continuous increase in daily lying time in TNPF was observed during the first 4 d of the experimental period in which DMI was gradually restricted, suggesting that intake restrictions may shift feeding behavior and introduce biases in the behavior of animals. In conclusion, lying behavior was compromised in dairy cows under HS, characterizing reduced daily lying time and disrupted circadian rhythms, and the compromised lying behavior can be partially restored by supplementation of vitamin D3 and Ca. Further research may be required for a more suitable model to study behavior of cows under HS.
Treatment of acute reflex sympathetic dystrophy with DMSO 50% in a fatty cream; Acute Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (acute RSD) was defined using a reproducible classification. Elevated temperature of the affected extremity (''calor''), measured by the dorsal side of the observer's hand and mentioned by the patient, pain (''dolor'') measured by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), redness (''rubor''), edema (''tumor'') and limited active range of motion (''functio laesa''), all contributed to the classification system. Patients scoring 4 or 5 positive symptoms were considered to have acute RSD.
A double blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial that breast milk derived<i> Lactobacillus</i> <i>gasseri </i>BNR17 mitigated diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome; The exact pathogenesis of diarrhea-dominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is not known, but the abnormal microbiota of the gastrointestinal tract is considered to be one of the important contributing factors as in other gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, and colorectal cancer as well as systemic diseases. Though diverse trials of probiotics had been continued in the treatment of diarrhea-IBS, only a few proved by randomized clinical trial. To prove the efficacy of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 isolated from breast milk in patients with diarrhea-IBS, prospective, randomized, placebo controlled clinical trial was done including health related-quality of life analysis, colon transit time, and the changes of fecal micro-biota. BNR17 significantly improved the symptoms of diarrhea compared to control group. Health related-QOL analysis showed significant improvement of abdominal pain, distension, disturbed daily life, and mean defecation frequency with BNR17. On comparative CTT before and after BNR17, 6 out of 24 subjects showed significant correction of rapid colon transit pattern, while only 2 out of 24 in placebo (p < 0.01). Upon fecal microbiota analysis, BNR17 significantly increased B. fecalis, E. rectale, C. aerofaciens, F. prausnitzil and B. steroris. Conclusively, Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 can be a potential probiotics to ameliorate diarrhea-IBS.
The Acute Effects of Milk Consumption on Systemic Inflammation after Combined Resistance and Plyometric Exercise in Young Adult Females; High-intensity/impact exercise elicits a transient increase in inflammatory biomarkers. Consuming nutrient-dense wholefoods, like milk, following exercise may modulate post-exercise inflammation and aid recovery. We examined the effect of post-exercise skim milk consumption (versus an isoenergetic, isovolumetric carbohydrate [CHO] drink) on acute exercise-induced inflammation in untrained females. Using a randomized crossover design, 13 healthy females (age = 20 +/- 2.3 y; BMI = 21.0 +/- 1.1 kg/m(2)) completed two bouts of combined resistance/plyometric exercise followed by either skim milk (MILK) or CHO at 5-min and 1 h post-exercise. Serum interleukin [IL]-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations were measured at pre-exercise, 15-min, 75-min, 24 h, and 48 h post-exercise. IL-6 increased 15-min post-exercise vs. all other timepoints (time effect, p = 0.017). Between 24 and 48 h, IL-10 decreased and increased in the MILK and CHO conditions, respectively (interaction, p = 0.018). There were no significant effects for IL-1 beta or TNF-alpha. Relative concentrations of IL-1 beta (p = 0.049) and IL-10 (p = 0.028) at 48 h post-exercise were lower in MILK vs. CHO. Milk post-exercise did not influence the absolute concentration of pro-inflammatory cytokines; however, there were divergent responses for the anti-inflammatory cytokine, IL-10, and milk reduced the relative inflammatory response at 48 h (vs. CHO) for IL-1 beta and IL-10. This demonstrates the potential for milk to modulate inflammation post-exercise in this sample.
Productivity of Angora goats in the communal rangelands of Molimo-nthuse area in Lesotho; Production parameters were determined for kidding, offtake and mortality rates, and milk production and composition of Angora goats in two communal agro-ecological zones, Mountains and Lowlands, of Molimo-nthuse area in Lesotho. True incidence rates and risk rates as used in dynamic populations were used to calculate the different production parameters. A completely randomized design was used to compare the differences between the two agro-ecological zones. Angora goats in the two agro-ecological zones produced milk similarly (p > 0.05) in amounts and composition. There were no significant (p > 0.05) differences in annual kidding, mortality and offtake rates between Angora goats kept in the Lowlands and those in the Mountains. However, high mortality rates and mortality risk rates were observed in both zones. Thus, the risk rates that suckling Angora goats would die within their first 6 months after birth were 28% and 34% for the Mountains and Lowlands, respectively. It is suggested that future emphasis should be on reducing kid mortality through better herding of the goats and improvement of pre- and post-partum nutrition of the doe in this communal livestock farming system.
Longitudinal study of calf morbidity and mortality on smallholder farms in southern Ethiopia; Calf morbidity and mortality are serious constraints in the success of dairy calf production. Thus, the current study was carried out with the objective to estimate the incidence of calf morbidity and mortality and associated risk factors in milk-shed districts of Gamo Zone, Southern Ethiopia. A prospective cohort and cross-sectional survey were employed from November 2019 to April 2020. A total of 196 calves were recruited by simple random sampling. Recruitment of calves was deployed by both the concurrent and prospective cohorts in calves aged below three months in study herds. The crude incidence of calf morbidity and mortality was 30.9% and 8.64%, respectively. The most frequently encountered disorder was calf diarrhea (10.17%), followed by pneumonia (6.5%). The other disorders were septicemia, omphalitis, arthritis, eye problem and miscellaneous cases. Multivariable Cox regression was revealed significant association for the calf vigor status, colostrum ingestion time, colostrum feeding status, dam parity, age at first calving, and related disorders were found risk factors of calf morbidity; likewise, calf vigor status at birth, time of colostrum ingestion and weaning were risk factors determining calf mortality. Calf morbidity and mortality rates recorded in this study were marginally higher than economically tolerable level, therefore, could affect the productivity of smallholder dairying by decreasing the obtainability of replacement heifers. Among significant explanatory factors investigated, colostrum ingestion time, method and amount were found important determinant factors of calf mortality and morbidity under the small-holder farming in the milk-shed districts of the Gamo zone. Therefore, rigorous calf husbandry practice is a need to manipulate the aforementioned calf determinants with subsequent application of tailor-made interventions.
Effects of antioxidant-rich <i>Lactiplantibacillus</i> <i>plantarum</i> inoculated alfalfa silage on rumen fermentation, antioxidant and immunity status, and mammary gland gene expression in dairy goats; Background Milk synthesis in lactating animals demands high energy metabolism, which results in an increased production of reactive oxygen metabolites (ROM) causing an imbalance between oxidants and antioxidants thereby inducing oxidative stress (OS) on the animals. To mitigate OS and postpartum disorders in dairy goats and gain insight into the impact of dietary choices on redox status during lactation, a feeding trial was conducted using alfalfa silage inoculated with a high-antioxidant strain of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum.Methods Twenty-four Guanzhong dairy goats (38.1 +/- 1.20 kg) were randomly assigned to two dietary treatments: one containing silage inoculated with L. plantarum MTD/1 (RSMTD-1), and the other containing silage inoculated with high antioxidant activity L. plantarum 24-7 (ES24-7).Results ES24-7-inoculated silage exhibited better fermentation quality and antioxidant activity compared to RSMTD-1. The ES24-7 diet elevated the total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and catalase (CAT) activities in milk, serum, and feces of lactating goats (with the exception of T-AOC in milk). Additionally, the diet containing ES24-7 inoculated silage enhanced casein yield, milk free fatty acid (FFA) content, and vitamin A level in the goats' milk. Furthermore, an increase of immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgG, IgM, interleukin (IL)-4, and IL-10 concentrations were observed, coupled with a reduction in IL-1 beta, IL-2, IL-6, interferon (IFN)-gamma, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha concentrations in the serum of lactating goats fed ES24-7. Higher concentrations of total volatile fatty acid (VFA), acetate, and propionate were observed in the rumen fluid of dairy goats fed ES24-7 inoculated silage. Moreover, the diet containing ES24-7 inoculated silage significantly upregulated the expression of nuclear factor erythroid 2 like 2 (NFE2L2), beta-carotene oxygenase 1 (BCO1), SOD1, SOD2, SOD3, GPX2, CAT, glutathione-disulfide reductase (GSR), and heme oxygenase 1 (HMOX1) genes in the mammary gland, while decreased the levels of NADPH oxidase 4 (NOX4), TNF, and interferon gamma (IFNG).Conclusions These findings indicated that feeding L. plantarum 24-7 inoculated alfalfa silage not only improved rumen fermentation and milk quality in lactating dairy goats but also boosted their immunity and antioxidant status by modulating the expression of several genes related to antioxidant and inflammation in the mammary gland.
Topical treatment of venereal warts: A comparative open study of podophyllotoxin cream versus solution; Podophyllotoxin solution (0.5%) is licensed for use in the treatment of condylomata acuminata (genital warts) in men in a number of European countries. In some countries, approval also extends to treatment of genital warts in women. This controlled randomized prospective study evaluated the efficacy and safety of a cream formulation of podophyllotoxin at 2 concentrations (0.15% and 0.3%), using 0.5% podophyllotoxin solution as a reference treatment. Two separate studies were initiated, to assess the 3 treatment groups in (a) male patients, and (b) female patients. Statistical evaluation was based on a 'response rate' calculated at each clinic visit. The mean 'response rates' in the male patient study at 4 weeks were 75.1%, 79.0% and 85.6% in the 0.15% cream, 0.3% cream and 0.5% solution groups, respectively. The corresponding 'response rates' for the female patient study were 86.2%, 92.6%, and 93.1%, respectively. The relapse rates for both male and female patients were 6.0% in the 0.15% cream group, 8.6% in the 0.3% cream group and 8.6% in the 0.5% solution group. The results show that there were no statistically significant differences between the 3 treatments with regard to both efficacy and safety. This was true for both the male and female patient groups.
Five-Year Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing Effectiveness of Photodynamic Therapy, Topical Imiquimod, and Topical 5-Fluorouracil in Patients with Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma; For the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma, a prospective, noninferiority, randomized controlled multicenter trial with 601 patients showed that 5% imiquimod cream was superior and 5-fluorouracil cream not inferior to methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) at 1 and 3 years after treatment. No definite conclusion could be drawn regarding the superiority of imiquimod over 5-fluorouracil. We now present the 5-year follow-up results according to the intention-to-treat analysis. Five years after treatment, the probability of tumor-free survival was 62.7% for methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (95% confidence interval [CI] = 55.3-69.2), 80.5% for imiquimod (95% CI = 74.0-85.6), and 70.0% for 5-fluorouracil (95% CI = 62.9-76.0). The hazard ratio for treatment failure of imiquimod and 5-fluorouracil were 0.48 (95% CI = 0.32-0.71, P < 0.001) and 0.74 (95% CI = 0.53-1.05, P = 0.09), respectively, when compared with methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy. Compared with 5-fluorouracil, imiquimod showed a hazard ratio of 0.65 (95% CI 0.43-0.98, P = 0.04). In conclusion, 5 years after treatment, the results of this trial show that 5% imiquimod cream is superior to both methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy and 5-fluorouracil cream in terms of efficacy for superficial basal cell carcinoma. We therefore consider 5% imiquimod cream as the first choice for noninvasive treatment in most primary superficial basal cell carcinomas.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial evaluating Dermytol® cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses; Purpose: Actinic keratosis lesions (AKs) have the potential to develop into squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and thus therapies to prevent SCC development from AKs are warranted. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of a 3 month application of a canola phenolic acid-based cream (CPA) on AK lesions.
Risk factors for calf mortality influence the occurrence of antibodies against the pathogens of enzootic bronchopneumonia; Objective Bovine respiratory diseases are a common cause of calf loss. This study aimed to analyse associations between an occurrence of enzootic bronchopneumonia (EBP), calf mortality and calving management. Material and methods A total of 153 dairy farms participated in the study on a voluntary basis from November 2006 to July 2007. Calf management was inspected on-site during a farm visit and farm managers were required to complete a questionnaire on personal assessment of calving procedures, neonate management and environmental factors. Results were collated and matched with the calf mortality rate of 2006 determined from the HI-Tier database for each farm. Randomly selected serum samples of a mean number of 7 calves at the age 6 months per herd were investigated for antibodies against bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV-AB) and parainfluenzavirus type 3 (PIV3-AB). According to the proportion of calves with BRSV-AB or PIV3-AB (<= 20 % or > 20 %) farms were divided into 2 groups. Results Customary timing of the first colostrum feeding as well as the perceived level of importance of EBP to the farm manager, as described in the questionnaire, showed a positive correlation to calf mortality. BRSV-AB occurred more frequently on farms where managers stated that the first colostrum feeding occurred later than 4 hours after birth, that birth monitoring was rarely practiced and that the estimated level of dust in the calf barn was considered high. PIV3-AB was more frequently found at farms practicing tethered calving. Conclusion and clinical relevance The results of this study indicate that peri- and postnatal calf management procedures may affect calf mortality and the frequency of occurrence of BRSV-AB or PIV3-AB. The influences of birth monitoring and the time of first colostrum feeding as well as dust exposure should be taken into account in future studies on the frequency of EBP and be included in the veterinary cause analysis of herd EBP-related problems.
Analysis of morbidity and mortality rate in cattle in village areas of Pune division in the Maharashtra state; Aim: The present study was carried out to analyse morbidity and mortality rate in cattle in village areas of Pune division in the Maharashtra state.
A comparison of the effects of A1 and A2 β-casein protein variants on blood cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adults; beta-Casein is a cow's milk protein that occurs predominantly in two forms, A1 and A2. Epidemiological evidence suggests that per capita consumption of beta-casein A1 is associated with national mortality rates from ischaemic heart disease. A biological mechanism was proposed after rabbits fed diets containing beta-casein A2 had lower serum cholesterol concentrations and less aortic intimal thickening than rabbits fed beta-casein A1. We tested whether beta-casein A1 and A2 variants differentially affect plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. In a randomised crossover trial of two four-and-a-half week periods without washout, 62 participants replaced all dairy products in their diet with 500 mL of low-fat milk and 28 g of full-fat cheese that differed in the proportion of beta-casein At and A2 variants. Duplicate blood samples were taken on non-consecutive days at the end of each treatment period from 55 people who completed the study. Mean (S.D.) plasma total, low-density and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were 5.60 (0.77), 3,73 (0.70) and 1.26 (0.34) mmol/L after the At diet and 5.63 (0.81), 3.75 (0.75) and 1.27 (0.37) mmol/L after the A2 diets. We found no evidence that dairy products containing beta-casein At or A2 exerted differential effects (P > 0.05) on plasma cholesterol concentrations in humans. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Activity, safety, and feasibility of cidofovir and imiquimod for treatment of vulval intraepithelial neoplasia (RT<SUP>3</SUP>VIN): a multicentre, open-label, randomised, phase 2 trial; Background Vulval intraepithelial neoplasia is a skin disorder affecting the vulva that, if left untreated, can become cancerous. Currently, the standard treatment for patients with vulval intraepithelial neoplasia is surgery, but this approach does not guarantee cure and can be disfiguring, causing physical and psychological problems, particularly in women of reproductive age. We aimed to assess the activity, safety, and feasibility of two topical treatments-cidofovir and imiquimod-as an alternative to surgery in female patients with vulval intraepithelial neoplasia.
Imiquimod 5% cream as pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma in the face: a prospective randomized controlled study; Background Imiquimod 5% cream can reduce or clear superficial and small nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). It could be used as a pretreatment of Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS) to decrease defect size.
Surgical treatments for vulvar and vaginal dysplasia - A randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: To compare pain, adverse effects and recurrence of dysplasia in patients with vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia or vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia prospectively treated by carbon dioxide laser or ultrasonic surgical aspiration.
Intakes of coffee, tea, milk, soda and juice and renal cell cancer in a pooled analysis of 13 prospective studies; Specific beverage intake may be associated with the risk of renal cell cancer through a diluting effect of carcinogens, alterations of hormone levels, or other changes in the renal tubular environment, but few prospective studies have examined these associations. We evaluated the associations between coffee, tea, milk, soda and fruit and vegetable juice intakes and renal cell cancer risk in a pooled analysis of 13 prospective studies (530,469 women and 244,483 men). Participants completed a validated food-frequency questionnaire at baseline. Using the primary data, the study-specific relative risks (RRs) were calculated and then pooled using a random effects model. A total of 1,478 incident renal cell cancer cases were identified during a follow-up of 7-20 years across studies. Coffee consumption was associated with a modestly lower risk of renal cell cancer (pooled multivariate RR for 3 or more 8 oz (237 ml) cups/day versus less than one 8 oz (237 ml) cup/day = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.67-1.05; p value, test for trend = 0.22). Tea consumption was also inversely associated with renal cell cancer risk (pooled multivariate RR for 1 or more 8 oz (237 ml) cups/day versus nondrinkers = 0.85; 95% CI = 0.71-1.02; p value, test for trend = 0.04). No clear associations were observed for milk, soda or juice. Our findings provide strong evidence that neither coffee nor tea consumption increases renal cell cancer risk. Instead, greater consumption of coffee and tea may be associated with a lower risk of renal cell cancer. (c) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Randomized clinical trial testing the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate in the treatment of skin field cancerization: study protocol; Background: The primary clinical manifestation of skin field cancerization is the presence of actinic keratoses (AKs). Current treatments for AKs related to skin field cancerization include photodynamic therapy (PDT) and colchicine. The objective of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 0.5% colchicine cream versus PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (MAL-PDT) in the treatment of skin field cancerization.
Cycle therapy of actinic keratoses of the face and scalp with 5% topical imiquimod cream: An open-label trial; Background: Preliminary studies indicate that topically applied immune response modifiers may be an effective and safe method of treating actinic keratoses (AKs).
On Meat, Butter, and Fudge; Was the Annals of Internal Medicine recently acting as a mouthpiece for meat-industry propaganda? Five papers underpinned recommendations on meat consumption; their central deceit was to review only randomized controlled trials and cohort studies, which, in research on the associations between common foods and disease outcomes, are nearer to the bottom than the top of the evidence hierarchy. Despite concluding that their own recommendations were "weak and based on low certainty evidence", the authors were happy to recommend that there is "No need to reduce red or processed meat consumption for good health." What we actually know is that: red meat consumption is an order of magnitude higher now than through most of human history; red meat is a probable, and processed meat is a definite, human carcinogen; saturated fat increases risk of heart disease; and vegans and vegetarians have better lipid profiles, lower risk of chronic disease, and greater longevity than meat eaters. There are other consequences of meat consumption too, including: altered sexual development; widespread antimicrobial resistance; and disrupted planetary health, including depletion of aquifers, groundwater pollution, and increased greenhouse gases. The pseudoscience presented in the Annals of Internal Medicine appears to have been written solely to create doubt and confusion in the wider population. Scientists and journals should hold themselves to a higher standard.
Lipid-Based Nutrient Supplements Providing Approximately the Recommended Daily Intake of Vitamin A Do Not. Increase Breast Milk Retinol Concentrations among Ghanaian Women; Background: Vitamin A deficiency remains a global public health problem. Daily supplementation with a lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS) has potential for increasing milk vitamin A concentrations.
Effect of delayed colostrum collection on colostral IgG concentration in dairy cows; Objective-To determine the effect of timing of first-milking colostrum collection on colostral IgG concentration.
Development and characterization of herbal Kulfi (Ice Cream) using Tulsi, Ginger, and Clove; Herbs and spices are used for imparting flavor, the aroma of the products and also possess various therapeutic properties like anti-stress, anti-hypertensive, anti-tumor, antioxidant, anti-microbial, and anti-inflammatory properties. The present study was aimed to develop herbal kulfi using tulsi paste, ginger juice, and clove extract and the effects of the addition of herbs on its compositional, physicochemical properties, nutritional parameters, sensory attributes, and microbial quality. Initial trials were conducted to adjudge the most acceptable levels using tulsi paste (2.5%, 5.0% and 7.5%), ginger juice (2.0%, 3.0% and 4.0%) and clove extract (2.0%, 3.0% and 4.0%). An optimized herbal kulfi was developed using 2.5% tulsi paste, 2.0% ginger juice, and 4.0% clove extract. The kulfi prepared without any addition of tulsi, ginger, and clove was treated as control. The optimized herbal kulfi reported a fat content of 12.0%, protein 3.53 %, total solids 42.80%, ash 1.0233%, carbohydrate 23.04%. The developed herbal kulfi reported 10.01% anti-oxidant activity and total phenolic content of 56.96 mg GAE/100g. The products possess a good level of anti-oxidant and total phenolic content. The herbal kulfi conforms to the FSSA requirements for 'kulfi'. The standard plate count was found 3.85 cfu/g. The yeast and mold and coliform count were absent in the product as per FSSA standard.
Attempt to control <i>Haemonchus contortus</i> in dairy goats with Barbervax®, a vaccine derived from the nematode gut membrane glycoproteins; The nematode Haemonchus contortus is the most important parasite of small ruminants around the world and the major cause of mortality in tropical regions. Goats are putatively more susceptible than sheep to this parasite and alternatives to anthelmintic utilization are constantly being sought especially after the rise of multiple anthelmintic resistance. Here we present results of a trial designed to evaluate Barbervax (R), a vaccine containing gut proteins from Haemonchus contortus, in the control of haemoncosis in dairy goats. In this study female Saanen (n = 20) and Anglo Nubian (n = 20) goats aged six months were assigned by breed, body weight and fecal egg counts into four experimental groups (n = 10) (vaccinated or non-vaccinated). Barbervax (R) was injected subcutaneously, starting with three priming doses 21 days apart followed by boosts every 6 weeks. All animals grazed on the same bushland area and were subjected to natural and artificial worm infection. Mean efficacy over the trial period was 69.8 +/- 2.11% and 57.4 +/- 2.76% for the Anglo Nubians and Saanens, respectively. Significant differences in packed cell volume (PCV) and total plasma proteins (TPP) values were also observed but only in the Anglo Nubians. The protection afforded by vaccination was considered useful for management of Haemonchus infection in dairy goats by reducing egg counts. Furthermore, the vaccine does not generate chemical residues and could be very interesting for Haemonchus control during milk production.
A multimodal nutritional intervention after discharge improves quality of life and physical function in older patients-a randomized controlled trial; Background: Many older hospitalized patients are at nutritional risk or malnourished and the nutritional condition is often further impaired during hospitalization. When discharged to own home, a "Nutrition Gap" often occurs, causing inadequate dietary intake, and potentially impeded recovery. Previously, cross-sectorial studies of single component nutritional intervention have shown a limited effect on clinically relevant outcomes. We hypothesized that a multimodal nutritional intervention is necessary to elicit a beneficial effect on clinically relevant outcomes. Methods: A randomized controlled trial was performed for a period of 16 weeks. At discharge, the intervention group (IG) received dietetic counselling including a recommendation of daily training, an individual nutrition plan and a package containing foods and drinks covering dietary requirements for the next 24 h. Further, a goodie-bag containing samples of protein-rich milk-based drinks were provided. Information regarding recommendations of nutritional therapy after discharge was systematically and electronically communicated to the municipality. The dietician performed telephone follow-ups on day 4 and 30 and a home visit at 16 weeks. The control group (CG) received standard treatment. The primary outcome was readmissions within 6 month, secondary outcomes were Length of Stay (LOS), Health Related Quality of Life (EQ-5D-3L), nutritional status, physical function (30s-CST) and mortality. This trial was registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier no. NCT03488329. Results: We included 191 patients (IG: n = 93). No significant difference was seen in readmissions within 6 month (IG: 45% vs. CG: 45%, Risk Ratio (RR): 0.96 0.71-1.31, p = 0.885). At the 16-weeks follow-up more patients in the IG reached at least 75% of energy and protein requirements (82% vs. CG: 61%, p = 0,007). The energy (kcal) and protein intake (g) per kg was significantly higher in the IG (26.4 kcal/kg (+/- 7.4) vs. 22.6 (+/- 7.4), p = 0.0248) (1.1 g/kg (+/- 0.3) vs. 0.9 g/kg (+/- 0.3). Furthermore, significant lower weight loss was seen in IG (0.7 (+/- 4.3) vs.-1.4 (+/- 3.6), p = 0.002). A significant and clinically relevant difference was found in the EQ-5D-3L VAS-score (IG: mean 61.6 +/- 16.2 vs. CG: 53.3 +/- 19.3, p = 0.011) (D14.3 (+/- 15.5) vs. D5.6 (+/- 17.2), p = 0.002). A significant difference in mean 30s-CST in IG was also found (7.2 (+/- 4.3) vs. 5.3 (+/- 4.1), p = 0.010). The improvements in physical function were of clinical relevance in both groups, but significantly higher in the IG (D4.2 (+/- 4.4) vs. D2.2 (+/- 2.5), p = 0.008). In fact, 86% in IG experienced improvements in the 30s-CST compared with 68% in the CG (p = 0.022). LOS was found to be lower at all time points, however not significant (30 days:-3 (-8.5 to 2.5), p = 0.276, 16 weeks:-4 (-10.2 to 2.2, p = 0.204), 6 months:-3 (-9.3 to 3.3, p = 0346)). All-cause mortality was not different between groups, however RR showed a non-significantly 47% reduction at day 30 (0.53 (0.14-2.05, p = 0.499)) and a 17% reduction at 16 weeks (0.83 (0.40-1.73, p = 1.000)) in IG. Per protocol (PP) analysis revealed a non-significant decrease of 32% in readmission at 6 months (RR: 0.68 (0.42-1.08), p = 0.105). Conclusion: The present study, using a multimodal nutritional approach, revealed no significant effect on readmissions however a significant positive effect on nutritional status, quality of life and physical function was found.
Supplementing maternal diet with milk oligosaccharides and probiotics helps develop the immune system and intestinal flora of offsprings; Intestinal flora is very important for improving the development of the immune system in newborns. Maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation is one of the key factors affecting the growth and development of offspring. The objective of the present study was to examine whether supplementation of maternal diet with milk oligosaccharides and Bifidobacterium could influence the development of the intestinal flora and immune system of neonatal mice. In total, 30 pregnant Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) mice were randomly divided into six groups: a control group (basal diet) and five intervention groups (basal diet supplemented with different doses of 2'-fucosyllactose [2'-FL] and Bifidobacterium Bb12) during the pregnancy period. All female mice were monitored for physical health during gavage. After delivery, the number of mice in each litter, any deformity, and the development of the offspring were recorded. The spleen, blood, and fecal samples of six groups of 10-12 day-old offspring were collected. The results demonstrated that maternal milk oligosaccharides and probiotics conferred protective effects against lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced immunosuppression in mice offspring by significantly enhancing the immune organ indexes, splenocyte proliferation, immunoglobulin (immunoglobulin G, A, M) production as well as improving the macrophage phagocytosis (p < .05). The abundance of Lactobacilli and Bifidobacteria in the feces of offspring mice in the intervention groups was significantly higher than that of the offspring mice in the control group (p < .05). These findings suggest that the combination of 2 & PRIME;-FL and Bifidobacterium Bb12 displayed synergistic interactions between the two components that could promote the development of the immune system of the offsprings and improve their microbiota through maternal ingestion.
Effect of fortified milk on lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltranferase and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 in hypercholesterolemic adults; Hypercholesterolemia is associated with subclinical inflammation, characterised by elevated proinflammatory mediators. Lyso-platelet-activating factor acetyltransferase (lyso-PAF AT) and lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) are two key metabolic enzymes of platelet-activating factor (PAF), a potent inflammatory lipid mediator. Little information is available concerning the efficacy of a dietary intervention on the metabolism of PAF. The objective of the study was to evaluate the effect of fortified milk on the activity of these enzymes. Forty-three adults (mean age 49.8 +/- 8.1 years) with body mass index <35kg/m2, and total cholesterol >200 but <310mg/dL were randomised to two groups; (i) intervention group received 500mL/day (two glasses) of a low-fat milk fortified with phytosterols, linoleic and alpha linolenic acids, vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin A, vitamin B6, vitamin B12, folic acid, magnesium and selenium (n=22), and (ii) placebo group received 500mL/day of a conventional low-fat milk (n=21) for 3 months. Outcome measures were the activities of lyso-PAF AT from leukocytes and serum Lp-PLA2 determined with established methods. None of the activities changed significantly during the study in the intervention group, lyso-PAF AT (95% confidence interval: 1.7, 2.3nmol/min/mg; p=0.246), and Lp-PLA2 (7.8, 5.8nmol/min/mL, p=0.591). No difference was observed between the two groups. In conclusion, daily intake of two glasses of phytosterols, antioxidants, linoleic and linolenic acids via fortified milk for three months had no effect on the activity of either lyso-PAF AT or Lp-PLA2. Practical applications: Platelet-activating factor (PAF) was the first intact phospholipid known to have messenger functions in which the signaling results from the molecule binding to specific receptors on the plasma membrane or other membranes of the cell. It has a number of pro-inflammatory properties, and affects several critical points of atherogenesis including thrombosis, inflammation, and oxidation. Fortification of milk with nutrients that possess anti-inflammatory properties and administration to adults with elevated blood cholesterol could provide a means to controlling inflammatory process through the synthesis and degradation of PAF in a population group at risk for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
MORTALITY, MORBIDITY, CASE-FATALITY, AND CULLING RATES FOR CALIFORNIA DAIRY-CATTLE AS EVALUATED BY THE NATIONAL ANIMAL HEALTH MONITORING-SYSTEM, 1986-87; During 1986 and 1987, morbidity, case-fatality, and culling rates were estimated for endemic disease conditions in 43 randomly selected California dairy farms. Data were collected mainly by farmer interview. Age-specific mortality rates were: calves 22.8 per 1000 calf-months at risk; young stock 1.2 and cows 2.0 per 100 animal-years at risk. No bulls died during the observational period. For calves, diarrhea/enteritis and pneumonia had the highest incidence rates, 115.8 and 76.5 per 1000 calf-months at risk, respectively. Average incidence rates per 100 cow-years for the five most commonly reported cow diseases were: mastitis 30.3; infertility 7.9; metritis 7.0; footrot 5.5; retained placenta 4.7. The highest case-fatality rate was 32% for cows with traumatic reticulitis (hardware disease). About 25% of all cows were culled. Low production, infertility, and mastitis accounted for 87.6% of all culled cows. Characteristics of participating herds and diagnostic criteria are presented. Limitations of the data and of the collection methods are discussed.
Safety studies of topical imiquimod 5% cream on normal skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation; Background: Imiquimod 5% topical cream is an immune response modifier that induces interferon alpha and interleukin-12, and exhibits antiviral and tumor-inhibiting properties. It is currently available for treatment of genital and perianal warts. Three randomized, open-label or assessor-blinded, placebo-controlled studies were carried out to assess its safety on normal white skin exposed to ultraviolet radiation (UVR). Methods: Healthy white volunteer adult subjects between the ages of 18 and 60 years with skin types I, II or III (Fitzpatrick Scale, US Federal Register 43:38260, 1978) were invited to participate. Imiquimod 5% cream (each dose similar to0.1-0.2 ml) was compared with placebo cream. Two preliminary studies assessed the potential photosensitizing properties of the drug, and the third study added measurement of sunburn cell counts (SBC) and deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) pyrimidine dimer (PD) formation. The three studies were: a 6-week standard photocontact allergenicity bioassay; a 4-day standard phototoxicity bioassay; and a 4-week photodamage study using biopsy sample analyses to determine SBC or PD frequency. Results: Imiquimod had no detectable potential for inducing either photocontact allergy (n=115) or phototoxicity (n=20). The final study further assessing photodamage potential of imiquimod included 44 subjects. There were no significant differences between imiquimod vs. the control (no drug+UVB) for SBC counts (mean 0.88 vs. 0.93), or PD frequency (mean 60.86 vs. 70.03). Conclusions: Results from the two preliminary safety studies suggest that imiquimod 5% cream does not possess a detectable photosensitizing potential in humans. Furthermore, topical imiquimod did not enhance UVR-induced damage to epidermal cells or DNA. (C) 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Comparing the effectiveness of three pain relief methods for inserting a needle into the implanted venous access chemoport: A randomized controlled trial; Aims Effective methods for relieving pain in inserting a needle for chemotherapy in cancer patients have been studied. This study examined the pain relief effects during needle insertion into the implanted venous access chemoport by comparing three methods.
Efficacy of topical 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of nodular basal cell carcinoma - Comparison of dosing regimens; Objective: To establish a safe and efficacious dosing regimen for the treatment of primary nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) using 5% imiquimod cream.
Dietary effects of distillers dried grains with solubles on performance and milk composition of lactating sows; A study was conducted to evaluate the dietary effect of adding increasing concentrations of distillers dried grains with solubles (DDGS) to corn- and soybean meal-based sow lactation diets on sow and litter performance, energy and N digestibility, plasma urea N (PUN), and milk fat and protein concentrations. Mixed-parity sows [n = 307; 221 +/- 15 kg of BW, 4.54 parities, litter size of 10.6, and litter weight at birth (alive) of 15.14 kg] were assigned randomly to 1 of 5 dietary treatments: control (CON; corn-soybean meal); 10, 20, and 30% DDGS; and 30% DDGS high-protein (HP) diets. Sows were moved to farrowing rooms on d 109 of gestation and were fed the dietary treatments until weaning. Within each treatment group, feces and urine for energy and N digestibility analysis (from d 10 to 12 of lactation) and blood for PUN analysis and milk fat and protein concentrations (on d 0 and 19 of lactation) were collected from 6 randomly chosen parity 3 to 5 sows. There were no dietary effects (P = 0.10) of DDGS on ADFI of sows and sow backfat change. However, sows fed 30% DDGS HP lost more BW compared with sows fed CON (P < 0.05). There were no dietary effects (P = 0.71) of DDGS on preweaning mortality of piglets, litter weight gain, and piglet ADG. Dietary treatments did not affect (P > 0.05) DE, ME, N retention, or N digestibility of the diets. There were no differences in the concentrations of fat and protein in milk at weaning (d 19) among dietary treatments. Sows fed 20 and 30% DDGS had less (P < 0.05) PUN at weaning (d 19) than sows fed CON and 30% DDGS HP. Inclusion of up to 30% DDGS in a lactation diet did not affect (P > 0.05) sow and litter performance, DE and ME contents of the diets, N retention and digestibility, and milk composition compared with sows fed a corn-soybean meal CON diet. It was concluded that addition of up to 30% DDGS in a lactation diet will support satisfactory sow and litter performance.
Topical Use of Recombinant Human Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF)-Based Cream to Prevent Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients: a Single-Blind Randomized Preliminary Study; Background: The purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a recombinant human epidermal growth factor (EGF)-based cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy (RT). Materials and Methods: Between December 2012 and April 2013, 40 breast cancer patients who received postoperative RT were prospectively enrolled in this study and randomly assigned to receive human recombinant EGF-based cream (intervention group) or general supportive skin care (control group). The grade of radiation dermatitis and pain score were examined at weekly intervals during RT and 6 weeks after RT completion. Results: All patients completed the planned RT and complied well with instructions for applying the study cream and general supportive skin care. In the intervention group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 3 (15%), 11 (55%), and 6 patients (30%), respectively. In comparison, in the control group, radiation dermatitis of maximum grade 3, 2, and 1 developed in 8 (40%), 10 (50%), and 2 patients (10%), respectively. The intervention group showed lower incidence of grade 3 radiation dermatitis than the control group (p=0.068 in univariate analysis and p=0.035 in multivariate analysis). There was no statistically significant difference in the maximal pain score between the two groups (p=0.934). Conclusions: This single-blind randomized preliminary study showed that recombinant human EGF-based cream can have a beneficial role in preventing or minimizing radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. To confirm the results of our study, additional studies with a large sample size are required.
Camel Milk as an Adjuvant Therapy for the Treatment of Type 1 Diabetes: Verification of a Traditional Ethnomedical Practice; There is a traditional belief in the Middle East that regular consumption of camel milk may aid in prevention and control of diabetes. The aim of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of camel milk as an adjuvant therapy in young type 1 diabetics. This 16-week randomized study enrolled 54 type 1 diabetic patients (average age 20 years) selected from those attending the outpatient diabetes clinic of the Menofia University Hospital, affiliated with Egypt's National Cancer Institute. Subjects were randomly divided into two groups of 27 patients: one received usual management (diet, exercise, and insulin), whereas the other received 500 mL of camel milk daily in addition to standard management. A control group of 10 healthy subjects was also assessed. The following parameters were evaluated at baseline and at 4 and 16 weeks: hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), human C-peptide, lipid profile, serum insulin, anti-insulin antibodies, creatinine clearance, albumin in 24-hour urine, body mass index, and Diabetes Quality of Life score. The following parameters were significantly different between the usual-management group versus the camel milk group after 16 weeks: fasting blood sugar (227.2 +/- 17.7 vs. 98.9 +/- 16.2 mg/dL), HbA1c (9.59 +/- 2.05[%] vs. 7.16 +/- 1.84[%]), serum anti-insulin antibodies (26.20 +/- 7.69 vs. 20.92 +/- 5.45 mu U/mL), urinary albumin excretion (25.17 +/- 5.43 vs. 14.54 +/- 5.62 mg/dL/24 hours), daily insulin dose (48.1 +/- 6.95 vs. 23 +/- 4.05 units), and body mass index (18.43 +/- 3.59 vs. 24.3 +/- 2.95 kg/m(2)). Most notably, C-peptide levels were markedly higher in the camel milk group (0.28 +/- 0.6 vs. 2.30 +/- 0.51 pmol/mL). These results suggest that, as an adjunct to standard management, daily ingestion of camel milk can aid metabolic control in young type 1 diabetics, at least in part by boosting endogenous insulin secretion.
Validation of pregnancy associated glycoproteins-based ELISA kits to determine early pregnancy status in lactating Nili-Ravi buffaloes; The objective of the current study was to evaluate pregnancy-associated glycoproteins (PAGs) based enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kits utilizing whole blood, serum, or milk samples for diagnosis of early pregnancy status in lactating Nili-Ravi buffaloes. Dairy buffaloes (n = 174) of mixed parity, 4-6 years of age, having mean (+/- standard deviation) days in milk 165 +/- 87, and body condition score of 3.26 +/- 0.34 were randomly enrolled in this study. Buffaloes were exposed to penile deviated bulls with 12 h interval for estrus detection during peak breeding season and eventually bred naturally at their respective standing estrus (day 0). Blood and milk samples were collected at days 24, 28, and 35 post-breeding to run a rapid visual pregnancy test (R) (RVPT) as a buffalo-side test or ELISA-based assay in the laboratory to detect early pregnancy status. Transrectal B-mode ultrasonography was performed to diagnose pregnancy at day 35 post-breeding and used as a gold standard to validate results of RVPT or ELISA-based tests. The RVPT is a visual readout test for pregnancy detection and had sensitivity (77.9 vs. 89.7 vs. 93.3%), specificity (77.9 vs. 89.7 vs. 93.3%), and accuracy (84.5 vs. 90.1 vs. 94.2%) at days 24, 28, and 35 post-breeding, respectively. The PAGs were assayed using ELISA kits in serum and had sensitivity (77.9 vs. 89.7 vs. 93.3%), specificity (84.2 vs. 87.7 vs. 93.9%), and accuracy (82.1 vs. 88.4 vs. 93.7%) at days 24, 28, and 35 post-breeding, respectively. Similarly, PAGs were also analysed using ELISA kits in milk samples and had sensitivity (77.6 vs 89.5 vs 95.0%), specificity (89.1 vs 91.9, vs 93.9%), and accuracy (85.1 vs 91.1 vs 94.3%) at days 24, 28, and 35 post-breeding, respectively. Overall, the Kappa values in this study exceeded 0.85 at day 35 post-breeding using RVPT or ELISA-based test kits in serum or milk samples, indicating a high level of agreement between PAGs detection method and gold standard for pregnancy diagnosis. The pregnancy outcomes based on ELISA-based PAGs detection at day >= 28 post-breeding had a high negative predictive value, indicating that the probability of incorrectly administering prostaglandins to pregnant buffaloes would be low if these tests were implemented on a commercial dairy herd. Taken together, it is concluded that PAGs-based determination of pregnancy using RVPT or ELISA in blood, serum, or milk samples can be used effectively for pregnancy diagnosis at >= 28 days post-breeding with more than 90% accuracy in Nili-Ravi buffaloes.
INTRAUTERINE TRANSFER OF BOVINE TROPHOBLAST VESICLES DURING DIESTRUS AFTER BREEDING TO INCREASE PREGNANCY RATES IN DAIRY-COWS; Early embryonic mortality postbreeding is a major contributing factor to impaired reproductive performance in the dairy cow and is a limiting factor in maintaining a compact calving period in the dairy herd. The objectives of these experiments were (1) to measure the effect of intrauterine transfer of bovine trophoblast vesicles (bTV) during dioestrus on luteal function in dairy cows and (2) to identify if there was an effect of postpartum interval in dairy cows on the pregnancy rate response to bTV transfer between 5 and 7 days after artificial insemination (AI). In Experiment I, 36 dairy cows were allocated for transfer of three bTV (n = 18) or carrier medium (n = 18) to the ipsilateral uterine horn on Day 7 of the oestrous cycle. In Experiment II, 410 cows calved less than or equal to 5 5 days were allocated at random for transfer of three bTV (n = 205) or carrier vehicle (n = 205) to the ipsilateral uterine horn on Day 5-7 after AI. In Experiment III, 410 cows calved > 55 days were allocated at random to receive three bTV (n = 205) or carrier vehicle (n = 205) as in Experiment II. In Experiment I, the mean interoestrous interval was 21.4 +/- 0.63 days for cows receiving bTV and not different (P > 0.10) from 21.1 +/- 0.66 days for controls. Similarly, serum progesterone concentrations during the oestrous cycle were not affected (P > 0.10) by bTV transfer. In Experiment II, the pregnancy rate for cows receiving bTV was 43.4% (89/205) and was greater (P < 0.05) than 30.7% (63/205) for controls. In Experiment III, the pregnancy rate for cows receiving bTV was 54.6% (112/205) and was not different (P > 0.10) than 51.7% (105/205) for controls. In summary, the transfer of bTV to the ipsilateral uterine horn during dioestrus did not extend the interoestrous interval, increased pregnancy rates in cows bred during the early postpartum period, but not in cows bred beyond 55 days postpartum.
Metoclopramide for Milk Production in Lactating Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Breastfeeding is recognized as the optimal form of nutrition for the physical and neurological development of infants and is considered the most significant way to prevent child mortality. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of metodopramide for enhancing milk production in lactating women.
Housing, feeding and management of calves and replacement heifers in Swedish dairy herds; A questionnaire was sent to 1500 randomly selected dairy herds in Sweden, asking for general information about the herds, including routines from birth to first calving and also routines at breeding, calving and during the grazing period. Fifty-eight percent of the questionnaires were returned. The preweaned calves were kept in individual calf pens in 68% and in group housing systems in 28% of the herds. Pens with slatted floors were the main housing system for replacement heifers from weaning to breeding, and tie stalls from breeding to first calving. Whole milk was used in 44% and milk replacements in 42% of the herds. The calves received, as a median, 2.5 litres of milk per meal and 2 meals per day. The median age at weaning was 8 weeks. Age was the single most common criteria used for deciding both weaning and breeding time. The median age when the heifers were first turned out to pasture was 6 months. Prophylactic anthelmintic treatment was used by 65% of the herds. The most common diet for replacement heifers before calving was a combination of grain, hay and silage.
Efficacy and safety of imiquimod 5% cream for basal cell carcinoma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trial; Background: We conducted this meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of imiquimod with other treatments in patients with basal cell carcinoma (BCC). Methods: A comprehensive literature search was performed in the database of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science, focusing on studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety profile of BCC patients who were treated with imiquimod. The main outcome measures included histological/composite clearance rate, success rate, complete response rate, tumor free survival, and adverse events. Results were expressed as risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Pooled estimates were calculated using a fixed-effects or random-effects model according to the heterogeneity among studies. Results: A total of 13 studies involving 4256 patients were included in this meta-analysis. Imiquimod was associated with significantly higher histological clearance rate and composite clearance rate. Moreover, imiquimod also significantly increased complete response rate but had no effect in the success rate and probability of tumor free survival, as compared with other treatments. There were more patients with imiquimod developed adverse events than those with other treatments. Conclusion: The present meta-analysis indicated the effects of imiquimod in improving the histological/composite clearance rates as compared with other treatments.
Dietary Intervention to Increase Fruit and Vegetable Consumption in Breastfeeding Women: A Pilot Randomized Trial Measuring Inflammatory Markers in Breast Milk; Background Diets rich in fruits and vegetables (F/V) can reduce the inflammatory profile of circulating cytokines and potentially decrease the risk of breast cancer. However, the extent to which a diet rich in F/V alters cytokine levels in breast tissue remains largely unknown. Breast milk provides a means of assessing concentrations of secreted cytokines in the breast microenvironment and is a potential tool for studying the effects of diet on inflammation in breast tissue and breast cancer risk.
Goat milk CSN1S2 is able to decrease the severity scoring, TNF-α, and RAGE expression in complete Freund's adjuvant-induced rheumatoid arthritis model of rats; This study aimed to elucidate whether CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk was able to inhibit pro-inflammatory cytokine [interleukin (IL)-17 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha], RAGE, and caspase-3 expression in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) rats. A total of 24 Wistar female rats, were randomly assigned into four groups: control group (C), CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk group (CM), CFA-induced RA-rats group (RA), and the RA group treated by CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk (RAM). The severity of erythema and swelling in lower extremities were counted by scoring. IL-17, TNF-alpha, RAGE, and caspase-3 expression in synovial membranes were analyzed by confocal laser scanning microscopy (CLSM) and western blotting. Erythema and swelling in the RA group was significantly attenuated by goat's milk CSN1S2 (p < 0.05), but did not reach the level in the control group (p < 0.05). The use of CLSM, CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk could decrease the TNF-alpha, caspase-3, and the number of hyperplasia cells in comparison with the RA group (p < 0.05), to reach the level in the control group (p > 0.05). Western blotting analysis showed that the expression of IL-17, RAGE, TNF-alpha, and caspase-3 were higher in the RA group compared with the control group. CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk decreased RAGE and TNF-alpha expression, but increased the IL-17 and caspase-3 expression. In conclusion, CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk decreased erythema, swelling, and inflammation in lower extremities. The CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk also decreased TNF-alpha and RAGE expression in the synovial membrane of ankle joints. Unfortunately, CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk may induce the production of IL-17. Therefore CSN1S2 protein of goat's milk may provide a nutritional therapy for attenuating the inflammation found in rheumatoid arthritis. Copyright (C) 2015, Taiwan Genomic Medicine and Biomarker Society. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
Effects of TNF receptor blockade on in vitro cell survival and response to negative energy balance in dairy cattle; Background: Associative data and some controlled studies suggest that the inflammatory cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha can induce fatty liver in dairy cattle. However, research demonstrating that TNF alpha is a necessary component in the etiology of bovine fatty liver is lacking. The aim of this work was to evaluate whether blocking TNF alpha signaling with a synthetic cyclic peptide (TNF receptor loop peptide; TRLP) would improve liver metabolic function and reduce triglyceride accumulation during feed restriction.
Safety and Efficacy of a Novel Combination Cream (GN-037) in Healthy Volunteers and Patients with Plaque Psoriasis: A Phase 1 Trial; IntroductionPsoriasis is a common skin disorder associated with physical and psychological burdens. Visible disfiguration can trigger a negative reaction which can cause much of the readily measurable psychological burden of the disease. Although many biological treatments provide some success in the initial clearance of lesions, there is a dispute about the long-term maintenance of the disease, as no current biological treatment has been shown to be curative. Topical therapies are still the most widely used agents as first-line and maintenance treatment for psoriasis. The present study aimed to investigate the safety, tolerability, and, to some extent, efficacy of GN-037 cream in patients with psoriasis and healthy volunteers.MethodsA randomized, double-blind, single-center, placebo-controlled phase 1 clinical study was conducted to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and clinical efficacy of GN-037 cream topically applied twice daily for 2 weeks in healthy subjects (n = 12) and patients (n = 6) diagnosed with plaque-type psoriasis. Six healthy subjects received placebo. Patients with plaque psoriasis were evaluated by a dermatologist, and Physician Global Assessment (PGA) score was required to be >= 3 (moderate psoriasis) at screening.ResultsA total of 31 adverse events (AEs) occurred in 13 participants during the study: 9 AEs in healthy subjects receiving GN-037 cream, 3 AEs in healthy subjects receiving placebo, and 1 AE in one psoriatic patient. The most frequently reported AEs were reactions at the application site, including erythema, exfoliation, pruritus, and burning sensation. During the baseline evaluation, one patient had a PGA score of 3 (moderate) and five patients had a PGA score of 4 (severe). On day 14, in treatment, four patients experienced second grade and two patients third grade improvements compared with baseline, indicating a shift of patients from moderate and severe disease to mild disease and to almost clear (score 2 or 1). There were slight increases in plasma tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin-17 (IL-17) and interleukin-23 (IL-23) levels in both healthy volunteers and patients throughout the study, as compared with baseline.ConclusionThe results of this phase 1 trial conducted in 18 healthy volunteers and 6 patients with plaque psoriasis demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile for GN-037; therefore, further clinical development of GN-037 in a phase 2 clinical trial has been initiated in patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis (NCT05706870).
Occurrence and risk characterization of aflatoxin M<sub>1</sub> in milk samples from southeastern Iran using the margin of exposure approach; This study aimed to investigate Aflatoxin-M1 (AFM1) contamination in pasteurized and raw milk samples consumed in Kerman and Rafsanjan in southeastern Iran. In this cross-sectional study, a total of 100 samples of raw (n = 67) and pasteurized (n = 33) milk were randomly collected from retail stores, supermarkets, and milk transport tankers in the winter of 2020 and the summer of 2021. The level of AFM1 contamination in the collected samples was evaluated by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection (HPLC-FD). AFM1 was detected in 95% of samples and its median concentration was 17.38 ng/L. The median concentration of AFM1 in the pasteurized milk samples (24.89 ng/L) was significantly higher than in the raw milk samples (13.54 ng/L). The AFM1 contamination level in 20% (raw = 13% and pasteurized = 7%) of the samples was higher than the maximum permitted level (MPL) recommended by the European Union (i.e., 50 ng/L), whilst 4% (raw = 3% and pasteurized = 1%) of the samples was higher than the Iranian maximum standard limit (i.e., 100 ng/L). The hazard index (HI) was higher than 1 in 16%, 18%, and 35% of total milk samples for men, women, and children, respectively. The AFM1 contamination level in the milk samples collected in southeastern Iran was worrying. The margin of exposure (MoE) values were lower than 10,000 for children. Because aflatoxins are among the most potent carcinogens known, prevention of milk contamination in all stages from the farm to the table can considerably reduce the community's exposure to AFM1 and its consequent health risks.
A NEW BIOMARKER IN MONITORING BREAST-CANCER - CA-549; Serum biomarkers are not very reliable in assessing outcome or predicting recurrence of breast cancer. Clinically, carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) is widely used and is elevated in a majority of patients with metastatic breast cancer. However, it is falsely elevated in a wide range of nonmalignant conditions and correlates poorly with disease progression. We evaluated a newly described monoclonal antibody, CA 549, in an immunoradiometric assay which uses two monoclonal antibodies directed  against tumor and milk fat globule membranes. CA 549 and CEA were studied in 682 patients, 331 of whom had breast diseases and 99 of whom were followed with multiple serum samles. Of 69 patients with benign breast diseases, 1.5% had elevated CA 549, 0% of 30 pregnant women had elevated CA 549, and 26% of patients with nonmalignant liver disease had CA 549 elevation. In metastatic cancer of prostate, ovary, endometrium, colon, and lung CA 549 was elevated in 12% to 50% of cases with levels <  120 U/mL. In breast cancer, CA 549 was elevated in 11% of 88 patients who received adjuvant chemotherapy and had no evidence of metastasis; in 23% of 16 patients in complete remission after chemotherapy; in 63% of 52 patients in partial remission after therapy; and in 83% of 106 patients with progression of breast cancer compared with 63% with elevated CEA (P = .001). In diseases of the breast, CA 549 has a sensitivity and specificity of 77% and 92% v 61% and 92% for CEA. Of 99 patients serially monitored with clinically documented breast cancer progression, regression, or stability of disease, CA 549 was statistically significantly superior to CEA in monitoring a > 25% change in those patients with metastatic progression (P = .03). CA 549 is a new serum marker that should be control tested in prospective clinical trials alone or in conjunction with other markers.
A casein variant in cow's milk is atherogenic; Casein is a major protein in cow's milk that occurs in several variant forms, two of which are beta-casein A(1) and beta-casein A(2). The levels of these two proteins vary considerably in milk dependent on the breed of cow, and epidemiology studies suggest that there is a relationship between their consumption and the degree of atherosclerosis. In the present study, the direct effect of consumption of beta-casein A(1) vs beta-casein A(2) on atherosclerosis development was examined in a rabbit model. Sixty rabbits had their right carotid artery balloon de-endothelialised at t = 0, divided randomly into 10 groups (n = 6 per group), then for 6 weeks fed a diet containing 0, 5, 10 or 20% casein isolate, either beta-casein variant A(1) or A(2) made up to 20% milk protein with whey. Some groups had their diets supplemented with 0.5% cholesterol. Blood samples were collected at t = 0, 3 and 6 weeks and rabbits were sacrificed at t = 6 weeks. In the absence of dietary cholesterol, beta-casein A(1) produced significantly higher (P < 0.05) serum cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglyceride levels than whey diet alone, which in turn produced higher levels than beta-casein A(2). Rabbits fed beta-casein A(1) had a higher percent surface area of aorta covered by fatty streaks than those fed beta-casein A(2) (5.2+/-0.81 vs 1.1+/-0.39, P < 0.05) and the thickness of the fatty streak lesions in the aortic arch was significantly higher (0.04+/-0.010 vs 0.00, P < 0.05). Similarly, the intima to media ratio (I:M) of the balloon injured carotid arteries in A(1) fed animals (0.77+/-0.07) was higher than in those that consumed A(2) (0.57+/-0.04) or whey (0.58+/-0.04), but this did not reach significance. In the presence of 0.5% dietary cholesterol, the thickness of the aortic arch lesions was higher (P < 0.05) in 5, 10 and 20% casein A(1) fed animals compared with their A(2) counterparts, while other parameters were not significantly different. It is concluded that beta-casein A(1) is atherogenic compared with beta-casein A(2). (C) 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma: randomized studies comparing low-frequency dosing with and without occlusion; Background Imiquimod 5% cream has been investigated for non-surgical treatment of superficial and nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) tumours.
Intravenous immunoglobulin transfusion in colostrum-deprived dairy calves; Immunoglobulin transfusion is employed in the management of the failure of passive transfer (FPT). The aim of this study was to investigate the dose of immunoglobulin G (IgG) needed to reach a protective concentration (>10 g/L) in colostrum-deprived dairy calves. Twenty-eight Holstein Friesian newborn male calves were randomly assigned to either a control group (CG) or a treatment group (PG). Calves in the CG received 4 L of high quality colostrum within 12 h of birth. Calves in the PG received 62.7 +/- 3.1 g of IgG IV in 2.6 +/- 0.3 L of plasma within 6h after birth. Serum immunoglobulin G (sIgG) and serum total protein (sTP) concentrations were assayed before and after (24 h, 72 h and 1 week after birth) plasma transfusion or colostrum ingestion.
Dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: The association between intake of dairy products and the risk of type 2 diabetes has been investigated in several studies, but the evidence is not conclusive.
Prospective studies of dairy product and calcium intakes and prostate cancer risk: A meta-analysis; Background. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2005 recommends that Americans increase their intake of dairy products. However, some studies have reported that increasing dairy product intake is associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer. We conducted a meta-analysis to examine associations between intakes of calcium and dairy products and the risk of prostate cancer. Methods: We searched Medline for prospective studies published in English-language journals from 1966 through May 2005. We identified 12 publications that used total, advanced, or fatal prostate cancer as end points and reported associations as relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (Cls) by category of dairy product or calcium intake. Data were extracted using standardized data forms. Random-effects models were used to pool study results and to assess dose-response relationships between dairy product or calcium intakes and the risk of prostate cancer. We conducted sensitivity analyses by changing criteria for inclusion of studies or by using fixed-effects models. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Men with the highest intake of dairy products (RR =1.11 [95% Cl 1.00 to 1.22], P =.047) and calcium (RR = 1.39 [95% Cl 1.09 to 1.77], P =.018) were more likely to develop prostate cancer than men with the lowest intake. Dose-response analyses suggested that dairy product and calcium intakes were each positively associated with the risk of prostate cancer (P-trend =.029 and.014, respectively). Sensitivity analyses generally supported these associations, although the statistical significance was attenuated. The pooled relative risks of advanced prostate cancer were 1.33 (95% CI = 1.00 to 1.78; P =.055) for the highest versus lowest intake categories of dairy products and 1.46 (95% CI = 0.65 to 3.25; P>.2) for the highest versus lowest intake categories of calcium. Conclusions: High intake of dairy products and calcium may be associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer, although the increase appears to be small.
Oral Administration of <i>Faecalibacterium prausnitzii</i> Decreased the Incidence of Severe Diarrhea and Related Mortality Rate and Increased Weight Gain in Preweaned Dairy Heifers (Publication with Expression of Concern); Probiotics are a promising alternative to improve food animal productivity and health. However, scientific evidence that specific microbes can be used to benefit animal health and performance is limited. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of administering a live culture of Faecalibacterium prausnitzii to newborn dairy calves on subsequent growth, health, and fecal microbiome. Initially, a safety trial was conducted using 30 newborn bull calves to assess potential adverse effects of the oral and rectal administration of F. prausnitzii to neonatal calves. No adverse reactions, such as increased body temperature or heart and respiratory rates, were observed after the administration of the treatments. All calves survived the experimental period, and there was no difference in fecal consistency score, attitude, appetite or dehydration between the treatment groups. The rectal route was not an efficient practice while the oral route ensures that the full dose is administered to the treated calves. Subsequently, a randomized field trial was completed in a commercial farm with preweaned calves. A total of 554 Holstein heifers were assigned to one of two treatment groups: treated calves (FPTRT) and non-treated calves (control). Treated calves received two oral doses of F. prausnitzii, one at treatment assignment (1st week) and another one week later. The FPTRT group presented significantly lower incidence of severe diarrhea (3.1%) compared with the control group (6.8%). Treated calves also had lower mortality rate associated with severe diarrhea (1.5%) compared to control calves (4.4%). Furthermore, FPTRT calves gained significantly more weight, 4.4 kg over the preweaning period, than controls calves. The relative abundance of F. prausnitzii in the fecal microbiota was significantly higher in the 3rd and 5th weeks of life of FPTRT calves than of the control calves, as revealed by sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene. Our findings showed that oral administration of F. prausnitzii improves gastrointestinal health and growth of preweaned calves, supporting its use as a potential probiotic.
Phase II randomised control feasibility trial of a nutrition and physical activity intervention after radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer; Objective Dietary factors and physical activity may alter prostate cancer progression. We explored the feasibility of lifestyle interventions following radical prostatectomy for localised prostate cancer.
Mortality in Austrian dual purpose Fleckvieh calves and heifers; Most countries worldwide already include functional traits in the breeding goals for cattle. Among those are e.g. reproductive traits or longevity while traits regarding calves or heifers are hardly considered. Mortality, but also culling of heifers before first calving may result in higher replacement costs but also in reduced possibility for selection and is thus of importance in cattle breeding. Thus, the aim of this investigation was to explore the genetic background of postnatal mortality and involuntary culling in Austrian Fleckvieh (dual purpose Simmental) calves and replacement heifers. The following periods were defined for analyses: P1 = 48 h to 30 days, P2 = 31 to 180 days, P3 = 181 to 365 days, P4 = 366 days to first calving or a maximum age of 1200 days if no calving was reported. P5 = birth to age at first calving or a maximum age of 1200 days if no calving was reported, P4S = heifers having at least one insemination slaughtered in P4, defined as involuntarily culled. After data editing records of more than 86,000 calves and heifers were investigated. Mortality rates were 1.85, 1.39, 0.36, 0.70, and 5.61% for the defined periods P1-P5, respectively; 7.78% of heifers were involuntarily culled (P4S). For the estimation of genetic parameters a linear and threshold sire model and a linear animal model with the random effects herd*year and sire as well as the fixed effects year*month, number of dam's parity, and calving ease were applied. In total, the pedigree consisted of 11,609 animals (sire model, sire-dam relationship) and 237,113 animals (animal model). For mortality traits, heritabilities ranged from <0.0001 (P3) to 0.018 (P5) for the linear models, and 0.001 (P3) to 0.072 (P1) for the threshold model, respectively. Heritabilities for involuntary culling (P4S) were 0.024, 0.021 and 0.067 for the linear animal, linear sire and threshold sire model, respectively. The rank correlations were >0.99 between random effects of sires obtained with linear sire and threshold sire models and were lower (r = 0.77 to 0.90) for animal and sire models, respectively. Total calf and heifer mortality is higher than stillbirth. Consequently, its economic impact on cattle breeding should not be neglected. Based on the results obtained in this study selection against higher postnatal mortality and involuntary culling of heifers should be possible. Furthermore, monitoring of the population and of extreme bulls might be very useful for breeding organisations to avoid deterioration in these traits. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Imiquimod treatment of anal Intraepithelial neoplasia in HIV-positive men; Objective: To evaluate the treatment of anal intraepithelial neoplasia (AIN) with the local immune response modifier imiquimod in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-positive men who have sex with men (MSM).
Improving predictive performance on survival in dairy cattle using an ensemble learning approach; Cow survival is a complex trait that combines traits like milk production, fertility, health and environmental factors such as farm management. This complexity makes survival difficult to predict accurately. This is probably the reason why few studies attempted to address this problem and no studies are published that use ensemble methods for this purpose. We explored if we could improve prediction of cow survival to second lactation, when predicted at five different moments in a cow's life, by combining the predictions of multiple (weak) methods in an ensemble method. We tested four ensemble methods: majority voting rule, multiple logistic regression, random forest and naive Bayes. Precision, recall, balanced accuracy, area under the curve (AUC) and gains in proportion of surviving cows in a scenario where the best 50% were selected were used to evaluate the ensemble model performance. We also calculated correlations between the ensemble models and obtained McNemar's test statistics. We compared the performance of the ensemble methods against those of the individual methods. We also tested if there was a difference in performance metrics when continuous (from 0 to 1) and binary (0 or 1) prediction outcomes were used. In general, using continuous prediction output resulted in higher performance metrics than binary ones. AUCs for models ranged from 0.561 to 0.731, with generally increasing performance at moments later in life. Precision, AUC and balanced accuracy values improved significantly for the naive Bayes and multiple logistic regression ensembles in at least one data set, although performance metrics did remain low overall. The multiple logistic regression ensemble method resulted in equal or better precision, AUC, balanced accuracy and proportion of animals surviving on all datasets and was significantly different from the other ensembles in three out of five moments. The random forest ensemble method resulted in the least significant improvement over the individual methods.
A randomized trial of supplementation with docosahexaenoic acid-rich tuna oil and its effects on the human milk cytokines interleukin 1β, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor α<SUP>1-3</SUP>; Background: Increased consumption of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) has been recommended during pregnancy and lactation. The production of proinflammatory cytokines by human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) can be modified by dietary n-3 PUFAs.
Application of machine-learning algorithms to predict calving difficulty in Holstein dairy cattle; Context. An ability to predict calving difficulty could help farmers make better farm-management decisions, thereby improving dairy farm profitability and welfare. Aims. This study aimed to predict calving difficulty in Iranian dairy herds using machine-learning (ML) algorithms and to evaluate sampling methods to deal with imbalanced datasets. Methods. For this purpose, the history records of cows that calved between 2011 and 2021 on two commercial dairy farms were used. Using WEKA software, four commonly used ML algorithms, namely naive Bayes, random forest, decision trees, and logistic regression, were applied to the dataset. The calving difficulty was considered as a binary trait with 0, normal or unassisted calving, and 1, difficult calving, i.e. receiving any help during parturition from farm personnel involvement to surgical intervention. The average rate of difficult calving was 18.7%, representing an imbalanced dataset. Therefore, down-sampling and cost-sensitive techniques were implemented to tackle this problem. Different models were evaluated on the basis of F-measure and the area under the curve. Key results. The results showed that sampling techniques improved the predictive model (P = 0.07, and P = 0.03, for down-sampling and cost-sensitive techniques respectively). F-measure ranged from 0.387 (decision tree) to 0.426 (logistic regression) with the balanced dataset. However, when applied to the original imbalanced dataset, naive Bayes had the best performance of up to 0.388 in terms of F-measure. Conclusions. Overall, sampling techniques improved the prediction model compared with original imbalanced dataset. Although prediction models performed worse than expected (due to an imbalanced dataset, and missing values), the implementation of ML algorithms can still lead to an effective method of predicting calving difficulty. Implications. This research indicated the capability of ML algorithms to predict the incidence of calving difficulty within a balanced dataset, but that more explanatory variables (e.g. genetic information) are required to improve the prediction based on an unbalanced original dataset.
Corpus luteum function and embryonic mortality in buffaloes treated with a GnRH agonist, hCG and progesterone; The effect of treatment with a GnRH agonist, hCG or progesterone (P-4) on corpus luteum function and embryonic mortality was investigated in buffaloes inseminated during mid-winter. Italian Mediterranean buffaloes (n = 309) were synchronized using the Ovsynch with timed-AI program and mated by AI at 16 h (Day 0) and 40 h after the second injection of GnRH. On Day 5, buffaloes were randomly assigned to four groups: Control (no treatment, n = 69), GnRH agonist (buserelin acetate, 12.6 mu g, n = 73), hCG (1500 IU, n = 75) and P-4 (PRID without E-2 for 10 days, n = 77). Progesterone (pg/ml) was determined in milk whey on Days 5, 10, 15 and 20 and pregnancy diagnosis was undertaken on Day 26 by ultrasound and Day 40 by rectal palpation. Treatment with buserelin and hCG increased (p < 0.05) P-4 on Day 15 compared with controls (456 +/- 27, 451 +/- 24 and 346 +/- 28 pg/ml, respectively). Buffaloes treated with a PRID had intermediate P-4 concentrations (380 +/- 23 pg/ml). Embryonic mortality between Days 26 and 40 (22.9%) and pregnancies at Day 40 (48.9%) did not differ between treatments. A higher (p < 0.01) P-4 concentration was found on Day 20 in pregnant animals compared with non-pregnant and embryonic mortality buffaloes, which did not differ. In summary, buserelin and hCG increased P-4 concentrations on Day 15 but this was not associated with a reduced incidence of embryonic mortality in buffaloes during mid-winter. (c) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Heat-treated colostrum and reduced morbidity in preweaned dairy calves: Results of a randomized trial and examination of mechanisms of effectiveness; A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted using 1,071 newborn calves from 6 commercial dairy farms in Minnesota and Wisconsin, with the primary objective being to describe the effects of feeding heat-treated colostrum on serum immunoglobulin G concentration and health in the preweaning period. A secondary objective was to complete a path analysis to identify intermediate factors that may explain how feeding heat-treated colostrum reduced the risk for illness. On each farm, colostrum was collected each day, pooled, and divided into 2 aliquots; then, one aliquot was heat-treated in a commercial batch pasteurizer at 60 C for 60 min. Samples of fresh and heat-treated colostrum were collected for standard microbial culture (total plate count and total coliform count, cfu/mL) and for measurement of immunoglobulin G concentrations (mg/mL). Newborn calves were removed from the dam, generally within 30 to 60 min of birth, and systematically assigned to be fed 3.8 L of either fresh (FR, n = 518) or heat-treated colostrum (HT, n = 553) within 2 h of birth. Venous blood samples were collected from calves between 1 and 7 d of age for measurement of serum IgG concentrations (mg/mL). All treatment and mortality events were recorded by farm staff between birth and weaning. Regression models found that serum IgG concentrations were significantly higher in calves fed HT colostrum (18.0 +/- 1.5 mg/mL) compared with calves fed FR colostrum (15.4 +/- 1.5 mg/ml). Survival analysis using Cox proportional hazards regression indicated a significant increase in risk for a treatment event (any cause) in calves fed FR colostrum (36.5%, hazard ratio = 1.25) compared with calves fed HT colostrum (30.9%). In addition, we observed a significant increase in risk for treatment for scours in calves fed FR colostrum (20.7%, hazard ratio = 1.32) compared with calves fed HT colostrum (16.5%). Path analysis suggested that calves fed HT colostrum were at lower risk for illness because the heat-treatment process caused a significant reduction in colostrum total colifom count, which was associated with a reduced risk for illness as a function of improved serum IgG concentrations.
Effects of intravenous arginine infusion on inflammation and metabolic indices of dairy cows in early lactation; Enhancing the supply of arginine (Arg), a semi-essential amino acid, has positive effects on immune function in dairy cattle experiencing metabolic stress during early lactation. Our objective was to determine the effects of Arg supplementation on biomarkers of liver damage and inflammation in cows during early lactation. Six Chinese Holstein lactating cows with similar BW (508 +/- 14 kg), body condition score (3.0), parity (4.0 +/- 0), milk yield (30.6 +/- 1.8 kg) and days in milk (20 +/- days) were randomly assigned to three treatments in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design balanced for carryover effects. Each period was 21 days with 7 days for infusion and 14 days for washout. Treatments were (1) Control: saline; (2) Arg group: saline + 0.216 mol/day l-Arg; and (3) Alanine (Ala) group: saline + 0.868 mol/day l-Ala (iso-nitrogenous to the Arg group). Blood and milk samples from the experimental cows were collected on the last day of each infusion period and analyzed for indices of liver damage and inflammation, and the count and composition of somatic cells in milk. Compared with the Control, the infusion of Arg led to greater concentrations of total protein, immunoglobulin M and high density lipoprotein cholesterol coupled with lower concentrations of haptoglobin and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and activity of aspartate aminotransferase in serum. Infusion of Ala had no effect on those biomarkers compared with the Control. Although milk somatic cell count was not affected, the concentration of granulocytes was lower in response to Arg infusion compared with the Control or Ala group. Overall, the biomarker analyses indicated that the supplementation of Arg via the jugular vein during early lactation alleviated inflammation and metabolic stress.
Topical application of a sandal wood oil and turmeric based cream prevents radiodermatitis in head and neck cancer patients undergoing external beam radiotherapy: a pilot study; Objective: The study objective was to assess the effectiveness of a turmeric-and sandal wood oil-containing cream [Vicco (R) turmeric cream (VTC); Vicco Laboratories, Parel, India] on radiodermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
Retroviral gene insertion in breast milk mediated lymphomagenesis; We have demonstrated breast milk transmitted MoMuLV-ts1 retrovirus infection and subsequent lymphoma development in offspring of uninfected mothers suckled by infected surrogate mothers. Additionally, we have shown that the lymphoma development occurs as a result of viral gene integration into host genome. A total of 146 pups from Balb/C mice were divided into 5 groups; one control and 4 experimental. All offspring suckled from surrogate infected or control mothers, except one group of infected pups left with their biological mothers. Thirteen of 91 infected pups developed lymphoma. Inverse-PCR, DNA cloning, and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) were used to study the virus integration sites (VIS) and alterations in gene expression. VIS were randomly distributed throughout the genome. The majority of insertion sites were found in chromosomes 10, 12 and 13. A total of 209 proviral genomic insertion sites were located with 52 intragenic and 757 intergenic sites. We have identified 29 target genes. Four genes including Tacc3, Aurka, Gfi1 and Ahi1 showed the maximum upregulation of mRNA expression. These four genes can be considered as candidate genes based on their association with cancer. Upregulation of these genes may be involved in this type of lymphoma development. This model provides an important opportunity to gain insight into the relationship of viral gene insertion into host genome and development of lymphoma via natural transmission route such as breast milk. (c) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved
A randomized, double-blind trial on the use of 1% hydrocortisone cream for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis; Background: To determine whether the application of 1% hydrocortisone cream during radiation therapy can prevent the occurrence of moist desquamation.
Inverse association between Paleolithic Diet Fraction and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmö Diet and Cancer Study; PurposePaleolithic Diet Fraction (PDF) estimates how large a portion of the absolute dietary intake stems from food groups included in the Paleolithic diet. In randomized controlled trials higher PDFs have been associated with healthier levels of cardiometabolic risk markers. Our aim was to build upon these findings by examining associations between PDF and mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease in the prospective Malmo Diet and Cancer Study.MethodsPDF was calculated from an interview-based, modified diet history method, and associations were estimated by using multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression. The examined cohort consisted of 24,104 individuals (44-74 years, 63% women) without previous coronary events, diabetes, or stroke at baseline (1992-1996). A total of 10,092 individuals died during a median follow-up of 18 years.ResultsMedian PDF was 40% (0-90%). The adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for PDF as a continuous variable (from 0 to 100%) were for risk of death from all causes 0.55 [95% CI 0.45, 0.66], tumor 0.68 [95% CI 0.49, 0.93], cardiovascular 0.55 [95% CI 0.39, 0.78], respiratory 0.44 [95% CI 0.21, 0.90], neurological 0.26 [95% CI 0.11, 0.60], digestive, 0.10 [95% CI 0.03, 0.30], and other diseases 0.64 [95% CI 0.41, 1.00]. The corresponding HR for risk of coronary event was 0.61 [95% 0.43, 0.86], for ischemic stroke it was 0.73 [95% 0.48, 1.09] and for type 2 diabetes it was 0.82 [95% 0.61, 1.10].ConclusionObservational data suggest an inverse association between PDF and all-cause as well as cause-specific mortality and incidence of cardiometabolic disease.
Palmitic acid feeding increases ceramide supply in association with increased milk yield, circulating nonesterified fatty acids, and adipose tissue responsiveness to a glucose challenge; Reduced insulin action is a key adaptation that facilitates glucose partitioning to the mammary gland for milk synthesis and enhances adipose tissue lipolysis during early lactation. The progressive recovery of insulin sensitivity as cows advance toward late lactation is accompanied by reductions in circulating nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and milk yield. Because palmitic acid can promote insulin resistance in monogastrics through sphingolipid ceramide-dependent mechanisms, palmitic acid (C16:0) feeding may enhance milk production by restoring homeorhetic responses. We hypothesized that feeding C16:0 to mid-lactation cows would enhance ceramide supply and ceramide would be positively associated with milk yield. Twenty multiparous mid-lactation Holstein cows were enrolled in a study consisting of a 5-d covariate, 49-d treatment, and 14-d posttreatment period. All cows were randomly assigned to a sorghum silage-based diet containing no supplemental fat (control; n = 10; 138 +/- 45 d in milk) or C16:0 at 4% of ration dry matter (PALM; 98% C16:0; n = 10; 136 +/- 44 d in milk). Blood and milk were collected at routine intervals. Liver and skeletal muscle tissue were biopsied at d 47 of treatment. Intravenous glucose tolerance tests (300 mg/kg of body weight) were performed at d(-1), 24, and 49 relative to start of treatment. The plasma and tissue concentrations of ceramide and glycosylated ceramide were determined using liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry. Data were analyzed as repeated measures using a mixed model with fixed effects of treatment and time, and milk yield served as a covariate. The PALM treatment increased milk yield, energy-corrected milk, and milk fat yield. The most abundant plasma and tissue sphingolipids detected were C24:0-ceramide, C24:0-monohexosylceramide (GlcCer), and C16:0-lactosylceramide. Plasma concentrations of total ceramide and GlcCer decreased as lactation advanced, and ceramide and GlcCer were elevated in cows fed PALM. Palmitic acid feeding increased hepatic ceramide levels, a response not observed in skeletal muscle tissue. Plasma ceramides (e.g., C24:0-ceramide) were positively correlated with plasma NEFA and milk yield, and positively correlated with NEFA levels following a glucose challenge. Our data demonstrate a remodeled plasma and hepatic sphingo-lipidome in mid-lactation dairy cows fed PALM. The potential involvement in ceramide in homeorhetic nutrient partitioning to support lactation requires further consideration.
Validation of Nordic dairy cattle disease recording databases-Completeness for locomotor disorders; The Nordic countries Denmark (DK), Finland (FIN), Norway (NO) and Sweden (SE) all have unique national databases holding the disease records of dairy cows. The objective of this study was to estimate and compare completeness for locomotor disorders in the four Nordic national databases. Completeness figures for farmer-recorded disease events were calculated on two different levels: the first refers to disease events that were observed on the farm regardless of whether a veterinarian had been involved (FARMER); the second refers to farmer records of cases attended by a veterinarian, i.e. to veterinarian-treated disease events (VET). A sample of herds with 15 or more cows was obtained from a simple random sample of dairy farms in FIN, NO and SE, and from a systematic random sample in OK. There were 105, 167, 179 and 129 participating farmers in DK, FIN, NO and SE, respectively, and during two 2-month periods in 2008 these farmers recorded the disease events they observed on the farm. Data from the four national databases were extracted in May 2009. The two data sources, farmer recordings and national databases, were managed in a comparable way in all four countries, and common diagnostic codes were created and added to match recordings appearing in both datasets. In all 555 farmers completed data records in the first data-recording period, and 515 farmers did so in the second period. In DK, FIN, NO and SE, 55%, 77%, 82% and 75%, participating farmers completed the recordings during the first recording period, respectively; the corresponding figures for the second recording period were 71%, 82%, 83% and 91%.
A trial-based cost-effectiveness analysis of topical 5-fluorouracil vs. imiquimod vs. ingenol mebutate vs. methyl aminolaevulinate conventional photodynamic therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis in the head and neck area performed in the Netherlands; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common premalignant skin condition that might have the ability to progress into squamous cell carcinoma. Due to the high incidence of AK, treatment of this disease significantly impacts healthcare spending.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: Results from two phase III, randomized, vehicle-controlled studies; Background: Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that is a Toll-like receptor 7 agonist that induces interferon and other cytokines through the innate immune system and stimulates cell-mediated immunity through T cells. Imiquimod has been shown to be efficacious as a topical treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC).
Galacto-oligosaccharides fed during gestation increase Rotavirus A specific antibodies in sow colostrum, modulate the microbiome, and reduce infectivity in neonatal piglets in a commercial farm setting; IntroductionRotavirus A is a major cause of acute dehydrating diarrhea in neonatal pigs resulting in significant mortality, morbidity, reduced performance and economic loss. Commercially available prebiotic galacto-oligosaccharides are similar to those of mammalian milk and stimulate the development of the microbiota and immune system in neonates. Little is known about the effects of supplementing sows' diets with galacto-oligosaccharides during gestation. This study aimed to determine if dietary galacto-oligosaccharide supplementation during gestation could improve immunity, reduce rotavirus infection and modulate the microbiota in sows and neonates in a commercial farm setting with confirmed natural endemic rotavirus challenge. MethodsIn a randomized controlled trial, control sows received lactation diet with no galacto-oligosaccharide supplementation and test sows received lactation diet with 30 g/day galacto-oligosaccharide top-dressed into feed daily, seven days before farrowing. Colostrum was collected from sows 24 hours post-partum and tested for rotavirus specific antibodies. Fecal samples were collected from sows and piglets three days post-partum, tested for rotavirus A by qPCR and the microbiome composition assessed by 16s rRNA gene sequencing. ResultsSupplementation with galacto-oligosaccharides during gestation significantly increased rotavirus-specific IgG and IgA in sow colostrum and reduced the number of rotavirus positive piglet fecal samples. Abundance of potential pathogens Treponema and Clostridiales were higher in fecal samples from non-galacto-oligosaccharide fed sows, their piglets and rotavirus positive samples. DiscussionThis study demonstrates that galacto-oligosaccharide supplementation during gestation significantly increases rotavirus specific IgG and IgA in sow colostrum thereby reducing neonatal rotavirus infection and suppresses potential pathogenic bacteria in nursing sows and neonatal piglets.
Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratosis: Results from two phase III, randomized, double-blind, parallel group, vehicle-controlled trials; Background: The immune system plays a critical role in the development and pathogenesis of actinic keratosis (AK). Imiquimod has been shown to stimulate the cutaneous immune response and be effective for the treatment of nonmelanoma skin cancers.
Chamomile Gel versus Urea Cream to Prevent Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Cancer Patients: Results from a Preliminary Clinical Trial; We assessed safety and potential efficacy of a chamomile gel compared with urea cream to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients. We assessed safety and potential efficacy of the chamomile gel in escalating concentrations of 2.50%, 5.00% and 8.35% of chamomile. Concentration of 8.35% was chosen for a randomized trial comparing chamomile gel (8.35%) with urea cream (n = 24 per group), for potential efficacy to delay or prevent radiation dermatitis in these patients. Preliminary results demonstrate a delayed onset of dermatitis, with onset of Grade 2 dermatitis at 5.1 (1.3) weeks in the chamomile group and 4.5 (1.3) weeks in the urea group (effect size of 0.46). Itching, burning and hyperpigmentation were more frequently reported in the urea group. Results indicates a potential efficacy of the chamomile gel. Further studies are needed to confirm the effect of the chamomile gel in reducing or delaying the occurrence of radiation dermatitis.
Effect of lidocaine cream analgesia for chest drain tube removal after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for lung cancer: a randomized clinical trial; Background and objectives Pain management makes an important contribution to good respiratory care and early recovery after thoracic surgery. Although the development of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has led to improved patient outcomes, chest tube removal could be distressful experience for many patients. The aim of this trial was to test whether the addition of lidocaine cream would have a significant impact on the pain treatment during chest tube removal from patients who had undergone VATS for lung cancer.
External use of Ruyanneixiao cream efficiently blocks precancerous mammary lesions by interfering with glycolysis induced by inhibition of hypoxia inducible factor-1α, hexokinase 2, phosphofructokinase, and pyruvate kinase M2 expression; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of Ruyanneixiao cream (RYNX) on the expression of hypoxia inducible factor-1 alpha (HIF-1 alpha), hexokinase 2 (HK2), phosphofructokinase (PFK), and pyruvate kinase M2 (PKM2) mRNA and protein in MCF-10AT cells and in an animal model of precancerous mammary lesions.
Coadjuvants in the Diabetic Complications: Nutraceuticals and Drugs with Pleiotropic Effects; Because diabetes mellitus (DM) is a multifactorial metabolic disease, its prevention and treatment has been a constant challenge for basic and clinical investigators focused on translating their discoveries into clinical treatment of this complex disorder. In this review, we highlight recent experimental and clinical evidences of potential coadjuvants in the management of DM, such as polyphenols (quercetin, resveratrol and silymarin), cultured probiotic microorganisms and drugs acting through direct/indirect or pleiotropic effects on glycemic control in DM. Among several options, we highlight new promising therapeutic coadjuvants, including chemical scavengers, the probiotic kefir and the phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitors, which besides the reduction of hyperglycemia and ameliorate insulin resistance, they reduce oxidative stress and improve endothelial dysfunction in the systemic vascular circulation. In the near future, experimental studies are expected to clear the intracellular pathways involving coadjuvants. The design of clinical trials may also contribute to new strategies with coadjuvants against the harmful effects of diabetic complications.
Exploratory cohort study to determine if dry cow vaccination with a <i>Salmonella</i> Newport bacterin can protect dairy calves against oral <i>Salmonella</i> challenge; Background Salmonellosis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in neonatal calves, often occurring before preventative vaccines can be administered. Hypothesis/Objective To evaluate the protective effect on calves of colostrum from cows vaccinated with a commercially available Salmonella Newport bacterin against a Salmonella Typhimurium challenge. Animals Twenty Holstein bull calves from a university dairy farm. Methods Nonrandomized placebo-controlled trial in which colostrum was harvested from 30 cows that received 2 doses of either Salmonella bacterin or saline before calving. Colostrum collected from each group was pooled and fed to 2 groups of 10 calves at birth. At approximately 2 weeks of age, calves were challenged with Salmonella Typhimurium. Clinical, hematologic, microbiological, and postmortem findings were compared between the 2 groups. Results No differences in mortality, clinical findings, hematology results, blood and fecal cultures, or necropsy findings between the 2 groups were observed. Vaccinated cows had higher colostral titers, and calves fed this colostrum had higher serum titers (mean difference, 0.429; mean [SE], 0.852 [0.02] for vaccinated versus 0.423 [0.02] for control calves). Conclusions and Clinical Importance Transfer of colostral immunoglobulins from Salmonella enterica serotype Newport bacterin to neonatal calves was not sufficient to decrease mortality, clinical signs, sepsis, intestinal damage, or fecal shedding when exposed to a highly pathogenic Salmonella isolate. A large-scale randomized controlled clinical trial is needed to evaluate the efficacy of this bacterin when administered in the dry period for prevention of salmonellosis in neonatal calves.
Identification and characterization of putative ovarian lincRNAs in dairy goats treated for repeated estrous synchronization; The goal of this study was to identify and characterize effects of repeated estrous synchronization (ES) treatments on the regulation of ovarian intergenic long non-coding RNAs (lincRNAs) in dairy goats. Six does were randomly assigned to a group administered three ES treatment regimens separated by 2 weeks or to a group administered only one ES treatment regimen (control) at the same time as the third ES treatment in the does administered the three hormonal regimens for ES. The paired-end RNA Sequencing procedures were used to evaluate lincRNAs of ovarian tissues. A total of 134 lincRNAs were differentially abundant between the two treatment groups. Several target genes were annotated and were related to hormone activity, cellular response to hormone stimulus, response to hormone, female pregnancy, as well as regulation of hormone secretion. These genes were noticeably enriched in MAPK, Hippo, estrogen signaling pathways, oocyte meiosis, progesterone-mediated oocyte maturation, ovarian steroidogenesis as well as GnRH signaling pathways. According to the enriched GO terms and KEGG pathways of regulated genes, 13 differentially abundant lincRNAs could be promising candidates for regulating reproductive functions of female goats. Current results indicate that repeated treatments with gonadotropins affected hormone sensitivity, estrogen synthesis, and ovarian function. The results also indicated that when there was imposing of the three hormonal treatment regimens for ES, there were several lincRNAs that could contribute to dysregulation of several genes that are important for reproduction in dairy goats. Findings provide novel insights for further investigation of lncRNAs biological functions in goats.
Association between Dairy Intake and Gastric Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Purpose: Observational studies have given inconsistent findings on the relationship between intake of dairy products and gastric cancer. We therefore conducted a systematic review with a meta-analysis of observational studies to summarize available evidence on this point.
Bioactive peptides in milk Literature review; Milk of mammals is a unique and complex food and has a high nutritive value. The most important nutrients in milk and their concentrations are well known. However, both colostrum and milk contain, or are the source of molecules that exert biological functions, such as bioactive peptides. 514 proteins have been identified in cow milk and colostrum, 352 of them in the cell fraction and 162 in the fluid phase. Many of these bioactive molecules possess antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal or antioxidant properties. Some regulate metabolic and immune processes. Others contribute to maintaining gut integrity, the barrier function of the gut. Opioid and antihypertensive peptides are also intensively researched and we have also identified peptides that can be used effectively in the prevention of certain tumours, thrombosis, caries or osteoporosis. Some peptides function as vasorelaxants, others may be antagonists of certain toxins. Due to the wide range of proposed beneficial effects on human health, milk proteins are considered as potential ingredients for the production of health -promoting functional foods. Although we know more and more about bioactive compounds and have described the mode of action of new bioactive molecules, most of the evidence for bioactive effects comes from in vitro studies, and there is need for further research to fully evaluate the true potential of milk-derived bioactive factors and to investigate allergenic and toxic properties and the stability of these molecules. Universal guidelines for the evaluation of BAPS in humans, such as adequately powered double blind randomised clinical trials are needed. In this review we give a short, scientifically founded review of bioactive peptides in milk and their proven effects that contribute to maintaining human health.
Randomized clinical trial to assess the effect of antibiotic therapy on health and growth of preweaned dairy calves diagnosed with respiratory disease using respiratory scoring and lung ultrasound; The primary objective of this randomized field study was to assess the effect of antibiotic therapy on health and growth of preweaned dairy calves diagnosed with naturally occurring respiratory disease, using respiratory scoring and portable lung ultrasound. A secondary objective was to determine whether treatment response depended on clinical presentation at the time of diagnosis. Holstein calves (n = 357) were enrolled at 3 to 6 d of age arid followed until 52 d on 2 commercial dairies. Calves were examined twice weekly by blinded members of the research team. Clinical respiratory and ultrasonographic lung scores were assigned at each exam and used to classify the first detected respiratory disease event (BRD1) into upper respiratory tract disease (clinical, no significant consolidation); subclinical lobular pneumonia (not clinical, patchy consolidation >= 1 cm(2)); clinical lobular pneumonia (clinical, patchy consolidation >= 1 cm(2)); subclinical lobar pneumonia (not clinical, >= 1 lobe consolidated); and clinical lobar pneumonia (clinical, >= 1 lobe consolidated). At BRD1, calves were blocked by their respiratory disease status and randomized to receive an antibiotic (tulathromycin, 2.5 mg/kg subcutaneous) or placebo (sterile saline, equal volume subcutaneous). Multivariable linear and logistic regression analyses were used to model response to therapy. At BRD1 (n = 289), the distribution of diagnoses was 29% (upper respiratory tract disease), 43% (subclinical lobular pneumonia), 13% (clinical lobular pneumonia), 8% (subclinical lobar pneumonia), and 7% (clinical lobar pneumonia). Early antibiotic therapy limited progression of lung consolidation immediately following treatment, reduced the likelihood of requiring treatment within 7 d of BRD1, and improved growth and mortality before weaning. Despite receiving multiple doses of antibiotics after BRD1, calves treated with either antibiotic or placebo were equally likely to enter the weaning phase with pneumonia. Clinical presentation was associated with response to treatment for worsening of consolidation, early treatment failure, days to retreatrnent, and average daily gain. Overall, treatment was associated with short-term benefits, but more research is needed to develop treatment protocols that more effectively treat pneumonia and ensure that calves enter the weaning period with ultrasonographically clean lungs.
Test-retest of self-reported exposure to artificial tanning devices, self-tanning creams, and sun sensitivity showed consistency; Objective: Exposure to ultraviolet radiation has consistently been linked to an increased risk of melanoma. Epidemiologic studies are susceptible to measurement error, which can distort the magnitude of observed effects. Although the reliability of self-report of many sun exposure factors has been previously described in several studies, self-report of use of artificial tanning devices and self-tanning creams has been less well characterized.
<i>Channa striatus</i> cream down-regulates tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha gene expression and alleviates chronic-like dermatitis in mouse model; Ethnopharmacological relevance: Haruan, Channa striatus, is a freshwater fish which has been well-known locally to accelerate wound healing during post-operative and post-partum periods. The fish extract also has potent anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties.
Double-blind, randomized clinical study comparing hyaluronic acid cream to placebo in patients treated with radiotherapy; Purpose: The effect of hyaluronic acid (Ialugen(R) cream) on acute skin reactions after radiotherapy, was assessed in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Soybean oil supplementation for sows in the first three days after farrowing; One of the main causes of death in newborn piglets is the low level of energy reserves to maintain their body temperature, which can lead to hypothermia and, subsequently, death. Thus, the objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of soybean oil supplementation to sows in the first three days after farrowing to save piglet fat reserves through the higher nutritional intake of sow milk. In total, 604.5, 750, 1000, 1250 and 1500 g of soybean oil were provided for each sow during the three days of supplementation. A total of 60 sows were evaluated per treatment, distributed in a random block design, supplemented in the first three days after farrowing with soybean oil added on top of the feed at the time of feeding. Performance and reproductive data and milk samples were collected from the sows to determine fat levels. Piglets were evaluated for fall-back rate and survival. There was no significant effect of soybean oil supplementation on any of the parameters evaluated for both sows and their milk. Therefore, soybean oil supplementation for sows in the first three days after farrowing does not influence performance parameters, reproduction and milk fat of the sows and mortality and fall-back rate of the piglets.
Efficacy of Cryosurgery and 5-Fluorouracil Cream 0.5% Combination Therapy for the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis; Actinic keratoses (AKs) are on a continuum of progression to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). The most common AK treatment modalities are lesion-directed cryosurgery and field-directed therapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU); however, side effects can affect patient compliance. This study was performed to determine the efficacy and perceived side effects of combination treatment with cryosurgery and a shortened course of 5-FU cream 0.5% for AK lesions. Sixty participants with AK lesions underwent cryosurgery and were then randomized to apply 5-FU cream 0.5% or comparator cream once daily to the study area for 1 week. Participants were evaluated at weeks 3, 4, 8, and 26. After 8 weeks, treatment with cryosurgery and 5-FU cream 0.5% was more likely to result in complete clearance versus cryosurgery alone; however, no statistical difference was found in the complete clearance of AK lesions in the treatment group compared to cryosurgery alone at 26 weeks, while side effects in the treatment group were decreased. This study demonstrated the benefit of combination treatment of cryosurgery with 1 week of 5-FU compared to cryosurgery alone in clearing AK lesions for 2 months. This study shows promise for future studies with larger sample sizes to illustrate increased efficacy and decreased side effects with combination treatment of AKs with cryosurgery and 5-FU.
Long-Term Consumption of 10 Food Groups and Cardiovascular Mortality: A Systematic Review and Dose Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; A large body of evidence exists on diet and cardiovascular mortality, but limited studies have investigated the long-term intake of food groups, which may have cumulative effects on cardiovascular health in the long term. This review therefore evaluated the relationship between the long-term consumption of 10 food groups and cardiovascular mortality. We conducted a systematic search in Medline, Embase, Scopus, CINAHL, and Web of Science till January 2022. Of the 5318 studies initially identified, 22 studies with a total of 70,273 participants with cardiovascular mortality were included. Summary HRs and 95% CIs were estimated using a random effects model. We found that a long-term high intake of whole grains (HR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.80, 0.95; P = 0.001), fruits and vegetables (HR: 0.72; 95% CI: 0.61, 0.85; P < 0.0001), and nuts (HR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.81; P < 0.00001) significantly reduced cardiovascular mortality. Each 10-gram increase in whole grain consumption per day was associated with a 4% reduction in the risk of cardiovascular mortality, whereas each 10-gram increase in red/processed meat consumption per day was associated with a 1.8% increase in the risk of cardiovascular mortality. Compared with the lowest intake category, red/processed meat consumption in the highest category was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality (HR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.39; P = 0.006). High intake of dairy products (HR: 1.11; 95% CI: 0.92, 1.34; P = 0.28), and legumes (HR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.53, 1.38; P = 0.53) were not associated with cardiovascular mortality. However, in the dose-response analysis, each 10-gram increase in legume intake per week was associated with a 0.5% reduction in cardiovascular mortality. We conclude that the long-term high intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, and a low intake of red/processed meat are associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality. More data on the long-term effects of legumes on cardiovascular mortality are encouraged.
Evaluation of silver sulfadiazine 1%-cerium nitrate 2.2% cream efficacy and safety in moderate to severe burn patients: a single-blind randomized clinical trial; Background: Burn injury is a major global health crisis. Topical antimicrobials such as silver sulfadiazine (SSD) are commonly used for superficial burn wounds. SSD has a broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity and also anti-inflammatory property, but also suffers from some limitations. Therefore, some studies suggest to add cerium nitrate (CN) to SSD, as an immunomodulatory and tanning agent with antitoxic properties, but its effect on patients' mortality, length of hospital stay, and bacterial colonization is contraversial. Objectives: In this research, we evaluated the efficacy and safety of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream in patients with moderate to severe burn. Material and Methods: Twenty-two patients who fulfilled the inclusion criteria randomly were assigned to the intervention (n=7) or control (n=15) group and received SSD 1%+CN 2.2% or SSD cream 1% respectively, once daily until the complete re-epithelization or prepration of the burned skin for grafting. Intesity of pain, re-epithelialization time, required interventions, laboratory and clinical findings and final outcome were recorded. Results: There was no significant difference in re-epithelialization time between the treatment and control groups (P>0.05). The same findings were reported about the required interventions and laboratory and clinical parameters. However, the final outcome and the pain score on third day were significantly better in the treatment group (P=0.017). On the other hand, all patients in the treatment group needed graft surgery. Conclusion: Use of SSD 1%+CN 2.2% cream did not significantly improve re-epithelization time or infection occurrence and patients' pain, but also increased graft surgery rate in comparison with SDD 1% cream in moderate to severe burns.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium animalis lactis</i> HN019 (DR10<SUP>TM</SUP>), inulin, and micronutrient fortified milk on faecal DR10<SUP>TM</SUP>, immune markers, and maternal micro-nutrients among Indonesian pregnant women; Background and Objectives: Maternal nutrition affects fetal growth and development. This study evaluates the effects of milk powder fortified with micronutrients, docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a prebiotic, and probiotic Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis HN019 DR10(TM) on the micronutrient status, as well as the presence of faecal probiotic and immune markers in pregnant women. Methods and Study Design: This randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted at Budi Kemuliaan and Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital in Jakarta from 2013 to 2014. A total of 104 participants were randomly allocated to receive either completely enriched milk powder (intervention group) or iron- and vitamin folic-acid-enriched milk powder (control group). Data were collected using standardised measures and were statistically analysed using the independent t or Mann Whitney test. Results: At the baseline, the micronutrient status of the participants was acceptable, except for 25-OH-vitamin D, in both the intervention and control groups. Vitamin B-1, zinc, total free fatty acid, linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, and DHA were significantly higher in the intervention group in the second trimester (p=0.014, 0.028, 0.023, 0.014, 0.001, and 0.032, respectively). Interleulcin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels did not significantly vary during pregnancy. B. animalis subsp. lactis DR10(TM) was present in the faeces of the intervention group but not the control group (61.1% vs 0%). Conclusion: Milk fortified with a prebiotic, probiotic, DHA and micronutrients increases the faecal concentration of the organism used for fortification in Indonesian pregnant women. This may represent an improvement in intra-partum maternal gut health.
Impact of heat stress and a feed supplement on hormonal and inflammatory responses of dairy cows; The aim of this trial was to evaluate the effects of an immunomodulatory supplement (OmniGen AF, OG; Phibro Animal Health Corp.) and heat stress on hormonal, inflammatory, and immunological responses of lactating dairy cows. Sixty multiparous Holstein cows were randomly assigned to 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement using 2 environments: cooled using fans and misters, or noncooled, and 2 top-dressed feed supplements (56 g/d): OG or a placebo (CTL). Temperature-humidity index averaged 78 during the 8-wk trial. Blood was drawn to analyze cortisol, prolactin, and circulating tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and IL-10. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) were isolated and stimulated with hydrocortisone, prolactin, or lipopolysaccharide (LPS), individually or in several combinations, to assess induced proliferation and cytokine production. At d 52, 6 cows per treatment were injected i.v. with an LPS bolus (ivLPS) to assess hormone and cytokine responses. For cooled cows, feeding OG increased plasma cortisol concentration relative to CTL. Noncooled cows fed CTL had lower circulating TNF-alpha concentrations than noncooled-OG and cooled-CTL cows, with cooled-OG intermediate. Hydrocortisone+LPS-stimulated PBMC from OG cows tended to proliferate more than CTL. Relative to cooled cows, PBMC from noncooled cows produced more TNF-alpha and IL-10 when stimulated with LPS. Following ivLPS, cooled-OG cows had a greater cortisol response than the other treatments. In conclusion, OG supplementation enhanced cortisol release under basal condition and induced inflammation with cooling compared with CTL. This suggests that heat stress inhibits OG-mediated cortisol release. Heat stress seemed to enhance the inflammatory responses of PBMC from lac tating cows. However, OG supplementation promoted PBMC proliferation under stress, or in the presence of hydrocortisone.
Seroprevalence estimation and risk factors for <i>A-marginale</i> on smallholder dairy farms in Tanzania; A cross-sectional serological survey of A. marginale was conducted on 200 randomly selected smallholder farms in each of the Tanga and Iringa Regions of Tanzania between January and April 1999. Sera, from dairy cattle of all ages, sexes and breeds were tested for antibodies against A. marginale using an indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Antibodies to A. marginale were present in cattle throughout the study areas and the overall prevalence was 20% for Tanga and 37% for Iringa. The forces of infection based on the age seroprevalence profile were estimated at 8 for Tanga and 15 for Iringa per 100 cattle years-risk, respectively. In both regions, seroprevalence increased with age (beta = 0.01 and 0.017 per year of age, p < 0.005, in Tanga and Iringa, respectively). Older animals in Iringa were significantly and negatively associated with decreased seropositivity (beta = -0.002, p = 0.0029). Further results of logistic regression models reveal that geographic location of animals in Tanga was associated with seropositivity (odds ratio (OR) = 2.94, p = 0.005, for Tanga Rural and OR = 2.38, p = 0.066, for Muheza). Animals acquired as a gift in Iringa had higher odds for seropositivity than brought-in cattle (OR = 2.44, p = 0.005). Our study has identified and quantified some key risk factors that can guide planners devising disease control strategies.
Growth performance, digestibility, blood metabolites, ruminal fermentation, and bacterial communities in response to the inclusion of gallic acid in the starter feed of preweaning dairy calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of feeding gallic acid on the growth, nutrient digestibility, plasma metabolites, rumen fermentation, and bacterial community in the rumen fluid and feces of preweaning calves. Thirty-six female Holstein calves with similar ages (means +/- SD; 3.1 +/- 1.39 d) and body weights (40.8 +/- 2.87 kg) were randomly assigned to receive 3 treatments. Calves were fed 1 of 3 treatments as follows: basal diet with no gallic acid (control), 0.5 g/kg gallic acid in starter diet (low), and 1 g/kg gallic acid in starter diet (high). The results showed that feeding gallic acid increased growth by improving the starter intake and average daily gain of the calves. The fecal score tended to decrease in a linear manner with the addition of gallic acid. Total-tract apparent protein digestibility tended to increase linearly with feeding gallic acid. Feeding gallic acid led to a linear increase in the plasma total protein and beta-hydroxybutyrate levels. In addition, feeding gallic acid linearly increased catalase and total antioxidant capacity levels and decreased malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations. The concentrations of total volatile fatty acids, propionate, butyrate, and valerate in the rumen fluid increased linearly with the addition of gallic acid, resulting in a linear pH reduction. Feeding gallic acid linearly increased the relative abundances of Prevotella_1, Saccharofermentans, and Prevotellaceae_UCG-001 and linearly decreased the relative abundance of Prevotella_7 in the rumen fluid. The Shannon index of ruminal bacterial communities linearly increased by feeding gallic acid. Feeding gallic acid linearly increased the relative abundances of Ruminococcaceae_UCG-005, Bacteroides, and Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces. In summary, feeding gallic acid improved growth, antioxidant function, and rumen fermentation and altered the bacterial community in the rumen fluid and feces of preweaning dairy calves.
Effects of protein-enriched nutritional support on skeletal muscle mass and rehabilitative outcomes in brain tumor patients: a randomized controlled trial; Patients with brain tumors require extensive and prolonged rehabilitation efforts as they suffer from lesion-induced motor weakness as well as treatment-related side effects, often leading to a significant decline in function. Protein supplements have shown positive effects on promoting muscle strength and physical performance in various tumor etiologies. However, reports on their effects specifically in brain tumor patients remain scarce. This study aims to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of protein supplements in enhancing rehabilitative outcomes via muscle strengthening and functional gain in brain tumor patients with neurological demise. Sixty brain tumor patients were randomly assigned to either a protein supplement or a control group, receiving either protein supplements or a placebo for 6 weeks, in conjunction with conventional rehabilitation therapy. Assessments before and after the intervention included laboratory tests, anthropometric measures using bioimpedance analysis, and functional assessments, which included the MMSE, the modified Barthel Index, the Beck Depression Inventory, the Brief Fatigue Inventory, the Timed Up and Go test, the 6-min walk test, the isokinetic quadriceps muscle strength test, and the handgrip power. After the intervention, the levels of serum hemoglobin, protein, albumin, and C-reactive protein were improved in both groups, however, the change was significant only in the protein group. The muscle strength was enhanced in both groups, however, the significant increase in pinch grasp power was only noted in the protein group (P < 0.05). The distance on 6MWT was also significantly extended at follow-up in the protein group (P < 0.01). In the subgroup analysis according to nutritional status, the moderate malnutrition group showed greater augmentation of muscle mass than those with adequate nutrition (P < 0.05). Interestingly, the amelioration of malnutrition was observed only the in protein group. This study using protein supplements to promote the rehabilitative potential of brain tumor patients revealed a significant effect on improving hemodynamic nutritional indices, muscle power reimbursement, and functional improvement, especially in malnourished patients. The safety and feasibility of protein supplements in brain tumor patients were affirmative in this study. Further studies with more patients may help confirm the secondary functional gain resulting from increased muscle power.
Conceptus development and transcriptome at preimplantation stages in lactating dairy cows of distinct genetic groups and estrous cyclic statuses; The objectives were to compare development and transcriptome of preimplantation conceptuses 15 d after synchronized ovulation and artificial insemination (AI) according to the genetic background of the cow and estrous cyclicity at the initiation of the synchronization program. On d 39 +/- 3 postpartum, Holstein cows that were anovular (HA; n = 10), Holstein cows that were estrous cyclic (HC; n = 25), and Jersey/Holstein crossbred cows that were estrous cyclic (CC; n = 25) were randomly selected in a grazing herd and subjected to the Ovsynch protocol. All cows were inseminated on d 49 +/- 3 postpartum, which was considered study d 0. Blood was sampled and analyzed for concentrations of progesterone, estradiol, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) on study d -10, -3, -1, 7, and 15 relative to AI. On study d 15, uteri were flushed and recovered fluid had IFN-tau concentrations measured and subjected to metabolomic analysis. Morphology of the recovered conceptuses was evaluated, and mRNA was extracted and subjected to transcriptome microarray analysis. Compared with HC, CC presented greater concentrations of progesterone and estradiol in plasma, with corpora lutea and preovulatory follicles of similar size. Conceptuses from CC were larger, tended to secrete greater amounts of IFN-tau, and had greater transcript expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma), an important transcription factor that coordinates lipid metabolism and elongation at preimplantation development. In addition, pregnant CC had greater concentrations of anandamide in the uterine flush, which might be important for elongation of the conceptus and early implantation. Conceptuses from HA were also longer and secreted greater amounts of IFN-tau than conceptuses from HC, likely because of the distinct progesterone profiles before and after AI. Nonetheless, anovular cows had reduced concentrations of IGF-1 in plasma, and their conceptuses presented remarkable transcriptomic differences. Some of the altered transcripts suggest that conceptus cells from anovular cows might be under greater cellular stress and presented markers suggesting increased apoptosis and autophagy, which could lead to increased mortality after d 15 of development. Estrous cyclicity had more impact on transcriptome of bovine conceptus than genetic background, and the developmental changes observed during the preimplantation period might be linked to differences in fertility among groups.
Dietary Calcium Source Influences Body Composition, Glucose Metabolism and Hormone Levels in a Mouse Model of Postmenopausal Obesity; Background: The prevalence of obesity has risen dramatically, with postmenopausal women particularly prone to increased adiposity. Epidemiologic data suggest that dietary calcium, particularly from dairy products, can decrease weight gain. The aim of this study was to evaluate effects of different calcium sources in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity. Materials and Methods: Ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice were randomized to either low-fat (LF) or high-fat (HF) diets containing either calcium phosphate from non-fat dried milk and whey mineral concentrate (dairy) or calcium carbonate (supplement). Results: Dairy, but not supplement, decreased weight gain and percent body fat in HF mice, with no effect on food consumption. Dairy improved insulin resistance and glucose tolerance, while supplement increased bone mineral density in LF mice. Dairy had no effect oil bone. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of dietary calcium on body weight and bone health after menopause may be significantly influenced by other dietary components.
Mometasone Furoate Cream Reduces Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Patients Receiving Breast Radiation Therapy: Results of a Randomized Trial; Purpose: We wanted to confirm the benefit of mometasone furoate (MF) in preventing acute radiation reactions, as shown in a previous study (Bostrom et al, Radiother Oncol 2001; 59: 257-265).
Impact of a targeted direct marketing price promotion intervention (Buywell) on food-purchasing behaviour by low income consumers: a randomised controlled trial; Background Price promotions are a promising intervention for encouraging healthier food purchasing. We aimed to assess the impact of a targeted direct marketing price promotion combined with healthy eating advice and recipe suggestions on the purchase of selected healthier foods by low income consumers.
Validation of Photograph-Based Toxicity Score for Topical 5-Fluorouracil Cream Application; Background: An objective tool quantifying the toxicity of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) from photographs was recently reported, and its reliability was confirmed.
Air quality and public health effects of dairy digesters in California; The dairy industry in California emits large amounts of methane (CH 4 ) that contributes significantly to the state 's overall Greenhouse Gas (GHG) budget. Reducing CH 4 emissions has become a key priority for dairy farms in support of California 's GHG reduction goals. Anaerobic digesters designed to capture CH 4 from animal manure present a practical option for reducing CH 4 emissions, but a comprehensive evaluation of the local air quality impacts of this technology has not been previously undertaken. The simplest digester configurations decrease local emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) but increase emissions of oxides of nitrogen (NOx), potentially changing local air quality. Here, we evaluate the air quality implications of widespread digester adoption in the year 2050 across the San Joaquin Valley (SJV) in central California, which is home to the highest concentration of dairy farms in the state. Changes to concentrations of air pollutants including ozone (O 3 ), airborne particulate matter with diameter smaller than 2.5 mu m (PM 2.5 ), and various PM 2.5 chemical components are predicted using the UCD/CIT chemical transport model at 4 km resolution. Dairy digester adoption is evaluated within two regional energy scenarios, including a business as usual (BAU) scenario and an 80% greenhouse gas reduction (GHGAi) scenario, to consider potential changes to the chemical regime that governs formation of secondary air pollution. Concentrations are evaluated across 32 randomly selected weeks over a 10year period from the year 2046 -2055 to establish a long-term average impact in the presence of El Nin o Southern Oscillation (ENSO) variability. Regional weather patterns are downscaled from Global Climate Model simulations under the RCP8.5 global scenario. The results indicate that baseline dairy emissions make minor contributions to air pollutant concentrations in 2050. Under a worst -case scenario for digester adoption, PM 2.5 concentrations would increase by 0.06 mu g/m 3 (current standard = 9 mu g/m 3 ), and maximum daily 8-h average (MDA8) O 3 would change by -1.0 ppb to +0.2 ppb depending on the surrounding regional energy scenario (current standard = 70 ppb). A health impact analysis shows that the widespread use of dairy digesters would result in fewer than 0.1 additional deaths per 100,000 people due to changing air pollution. For comparison, this level of mortality change is more than 100 times smaller than the risk posed by seasonal flu. Further, Environmental Justice analysis indicates that the implementation of digesters will not influence the exposure disparities among different racial groups in either the SJV or the surrounding San Francisco Bay & Sacramento area. These findings suggest that dairy digesters can be widely adopted in central California to reduce GHG emissions with minimal effect on regional air quality and public health.
Mortality and testicular derangements in red flour beetles, <i>Tribolium castaneum</i> (Herbst) exposed to hen's egg white proteins; Red flour beetle (T. castuneum) is a major pest of stored grains and is known for its adaptability to all classes of insecticides. The present study was carried out to determine the insecticidal potential of egg white proteins to manage beetle population. Protein samples obtained through salt fractionation were lyophilized and were used separately and simultaneously in different concentrations by adding them to wheat flour and milk powder. The results indicated that the mortality rate of the adult beetles was dependent on the type of treatment, concentration of protein samples and duration of feeding. In multiple-choice feeding trials beetles showed their movement towards the control section as the concentration of treatment increases. Marked abnormalities were observed in appearance and dimensions of the testes which indicated that the egg white proteins caused considerable effect on the process of spermatogenesis and sperm functions. SEM study revealed the formation of deep wrinkles and folds on the testicular surface of the testes of beetles fed on treated diets, points towards the depletion of internal cellular material. The results suggest that egg white protein affects the survival and cause subsequent derangements in the testis of red flour beetle.
The effects of acute lipopolysaccharide challenge on dairy goat liver metabolism assessed with <SUP>1</SUP>HNMR metabonomics; We investigated the mechanisms mediating hepatic metabolic responses to an acute lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge in goats. Guanzhong dairy goats (15) were randomly divided into three groups: control (CTL, saline, 0.2 ml/kg BW), lower dose LPS (LPS-L, 20 mu g/kg BW) and higher dose LPS (LPS-H, 40 mu g/kg BW). All injections were administered intraperitoneally twice with a 24-h interval. Forty-eight hours after the first injection, blood samples were collected to extract plasma for biochemical analysis, and liver tissues were biopsied and stored in liquid nitrogen for metabonomics analysis. We found that plasma levels of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase and total bilirubin increased (p < 0.05) in both LPS-treated groups, whereas plasma triglyceride, cholesterol, very low-density lipoprotein, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, total protein and albumin levels markedly decreased (p < 0.05). The increased activities of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST), levels of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6 and IL-8 indicated hepatic injury and metabolic dysfunction in some degree. Using proton nuclear magnetic resonance (H-1-NMR) metabonomics and the Chenomx NMR suite database, 69 metabolites were detected and identified. Metabolic differences among the groups were determined with pattern recognition analyses using principal component analysis and supervised projection to latent structures discriminant analysis. Pattern recognition analysis distinguished and clustered the metabolite variables from the three groups, finding nine of 69 metabolites that differed significantly between two of the three groups: six from the LPS-L or LPS-H groups differed from CTL and three differed between LPS-L and LPS-H groups. These altered metabolites were closely connected with glucose, lipid and amino acid metabolic pathways in hepatocytes. Based on an analysis of these metabolites and their relevant pathways, the mechanisms and degree of hepatic injury were deduced. Therefore, the metabolic profile was used effectively to detect characteristic hepatic metabolites, discriminate metabolic changes induced by LPS, clarify the mechanisms for the resulting metabolic dysfunctions and provide efficient information to diagnose liver injury.
Leucine promotes the growth of squabs by increasing crop milk protein synthesis through the TOR signaling pathway in the domestic pigeon <i>(Columba livia)</i>; Leucine (Leu) plays a critical regulatory role in protein synthesis, however, the effects and molecular mechanisms of Leu on crop milk protein in the domestic pigeons (Columba livia) are still unknown. Therefore, the study aimed to investigate the effects of dietary Leu supplementation on crop milk protein synthesis and the growth performance of squabs and the possible underlying mechanism. A total of 240 pairs of breeding pigeons (1102.3 +/- 9.5 g/pair) were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 treatments, including a positive control (PC) diet that had adequate crude protein (crude protein, CP = 18%; Leu = 1.30%), a negative control (NC) diet that was low in CP (CP = 16%, Leu = 1.30%), and NC diets supplemented with Leu at 0.15%, 0.45%, or 1.05%. Compared with the NC diet, 0.15 to 0.45% Leu supplementation decreased BW loss and increased relative crop weight, crop thickness, and protein levels in the crop tissue and milk of breeding pigeons. However, dietary supplementation with 1.05% Leu inhibited ADFI in breeding pigeons. Dietary supplementation with 0.15 to 0.45% Leu decreased the mortality rate and increased the BW, eviscerated yield, and breast muscle yield of young squabs. The protein expression levels of the target of rapamycin (TOR), ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 (S6K1), ribosomal protein S6 kinase (S6), eukaryotic initiation factor 4E binding protein 1 (4EBP1), and eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E) were upregulated in the crop tissue of breeding pigeons in PC, 0.15% and 0.45% Leu-supplemented groups. Collectively, these results indicated that 0.15 to 0.45% Leu supplementation could decrease BW loss, increase milk protein synthesis in the crop of breeding pigeons, and enhance the survival rate and growth performance of young squabs through the TOR signaling pathway.
DAIRY CALF MANAGEMENT, MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN ONTARIO HOLSTEIN HERDS .3. ASSOCIATION OF MANAGEMENT WITH MORBIDITY; Associations between heifer calf management and morbidity, particularly scours and pneumonia, were studied on 104 randomly selected Holstein dairy farms in southwestern Ontario between October 1980 and July 1983. At the farm level, data were stratified by season, with two six-month seasons (winter and summer) per year. The odds of farms with particular management strategies having above median morbidity were calculated. At the individual calf level, the odds of a calf being treated, controlling  for farm of origin and month of birth, were calculated for different management practices. Farm size, and policies related to anti-scour vaccination, offering free-choice water and minerals to calves, methods of feeding, and the use of medicated feeds significantly altered the odds of a farm experiencing above-median pneumonia rates. Farm policies with regard to anti-scour vaccination, offering free-choice salt to calves, age at teat removal, type of calf housing, and use of preventive  antimicrobials significantly altered the odds of a farm experiencing above-median scours rates. Scours and pneumonia were significantly associated with each other at both the farm and the calf level. No significant associations were found between individual calf management practices and the odds of being treated for scours. Sire used, method of first colostrum feeding, navel treatment, use of anti-scours. Sire used, method of first colostrum feeding, navel treatment, use of anti-scour vaccine  in the dam, and the administration of preventive antimicrobials significantly altered the odds of a calf being treated for pneumonia.
Randomised controlled trial of topical kanuka honey for the treatment of rosacea; Objective: To investigate the efficacy of topical 90% medical-grade kanuka honey and 10% glycerine (Honevo) as a treatment for rosacea.
Plant sterol-enriched soy milk consumption modulates 5-lipoxygenase, 12-lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults - a randomized-controlled trial; A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled and crossover study was conducted to simultaneously measure the effects, after 3-h and 4-week daily exposure to plant sterols-enriched food product, on inflammation, oxidative status, 5-lipoxygenase, 12-lipoxygenase, and myeloperoxidase activities in healthy adults. Eighteen healthy participants (67% female, 35.3 (mean)+/- 9.5 (SD) years, mean body mass index 22.8kgm(-2)) received two soy milk (20g) treatments daily: placebo and one containing 2.0g free plant sterols equivalent of their palmitates (-sitosterol, 55%; campesterol, 29%; stigmasterol, 23%). F-2-isoprostanes, leukotriene B-4, sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were measured in the blood plasma and urine, using stable isotope-labeled gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. High-sensitivity c-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-, and lipoxin A(4) concentrations in blood serum were measured using commercially available enzyme immunoassays. Myeloperoxidase activity, serum lipid hydroperoxides, plasma and urinary F-2-isoprostanes, plasma and urinary leukotriene B-4, and plasma high-sensitivity c-reactive protein concentrations were significantly reduced, while circulating lipoxin A(4) concentrations were significantly elevated after 4-week plant sterols treatment. Plant sterols treatment decreased plasma leukotriene B-4 and increased plasma lipoxin A(4) concentrations acutely. Total plant sterols, -sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were significantly elevated after 4-week treatments compared with the pre-treatment concentrations. Our results suggest that dietary plant sterols, in the combination used, can alleviate lipid peroxidation and inflammatory events in vivo. These effects are possibly exerted via the modulation of myeloperoxidase, 5-lipoxygenase, and 12-lipoxygenase activities.
Health and performance of young dairy calves vaccinated with a modified-live <i>Mannheimia haemolytica</i> and <i>Pasteurella multocida</i> vaccine; Objective-To evaluate the health and performance of young dairy calves vaccinated with a commercial Mannheimia haemolytica and Pasteurella multocida vaccine.
Randomised trial of coconut oil, olive oil or butter on blood lipids and other cardiovascular risk factors in healthy men and women; Introduction High dietary saturated fat intake is associated with higher blood concentrations of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), an established risk factor for coronary heart disease. However, there is increasing interest in whether various dietary oils or fats with different fatty acid profiles such as extra virgin coconut oil may have different metabolic effects but trials have reported inconsistent results. We aimed to compare changes in blood lipid profile, weight, fat distribution) and metabolic markers after four weeks consumption of 50g daily of one of three different dietary fats, extra virgin coconut oil, butter or extra virgin olive oil, in healthy men and women in the general population.
Imiquimod 5% cream in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma: Results of a multicenter 6-week dose-response trial; Background: Superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) is an increasingly common tumor in fair-skinned populations throughout the world. Imiquimod, an immune response modifier that induces cytokines including interferons, has been shown in preliminary studies to have an effect when applied topically to BCC.
Dairy Consumption and Body Mass Index Among Adults: Mendelian Randomization Analysis of 184802 Individuals from 25 Studies; BACKGROUND: Associations between dairy intake and body mass index (BMI) have been inconsistently observed in epidemiological studies, and the causal relationship remains ill defined.
Technological and nutritional aspects of milk chocolate enriched with grape pomace products; The French paradox is the observation of low heart disease death rates despite high intake of cholesterol and saturated fat, possibly related to the consumption of red wine containing polyphenols. Those are also found in pomace and affect health as radical catchers inhibiting cancer, inflammations and arteriosclerosis. European cocoa regulation allows incorporating up to 40% of added foodstuffs into chocolate, so grape pomace can be used. Cocoa itself is known as a very good source of phenolic compounds, and consequently dark chocolate is considered to have similar health benefits as red wine. Milk chocolates contain only little fat-free cocoa dry matter; therefore, grape pomace is considered most beneficial here. Entire pomace or flour from seeds have been tested to evaluate technical aspects as well as the impact on chocolate properties like particle size distribution, flow properties, total phenol content, antioxidative capacity and sensory perception. Initial trials revealed that additional drying and also pre-grinding was necessary before pomace can be used as an ingredient. Various samples were produced by the coarse conching process, which uses a ball mill for size reduction below 30 mu m. A difficulty arises when some tough particles slip through without being properly ground; D99-values can be used to better control this issue. Grape pomace contains almost as many polyphenols as cocoa liquor, so it can serve as a substitute. Its content and thus quality depends on gentle drying. Finally, adding, e.g., just 3.5% was able to significantly increase the polyphenol contents of milk chocolate.
Two-year interim results from a 5-year study evaluating clinical recurrence of superficial basal cell carcinoma after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream daily for 6 weeks; Imiquimod 5% cream is approved in the USA, Europe and Australia to treat superficial basal cell carcinoma, using a regimen of once daily, 5 times per week for 6 weeks. Vehicle-controlled, phase III clinical trials show that imiquimod is safe and effective for treating superficial basal cell carcinoma with dosing 5 or 7 times per week for 6 weeks. This phase III, open-label study evaluates the long-term (5 years) clinical efficacy and safety of dosing once daily, for which this manuscript reports the 2-year time point in the follow-up period. For the 169 enrolled subjects, the tumour selected for treatment was assessed clinically to determine initial clearance at the 12-week post-treatment visit. If clinically clear of superficial basal cell carcinoma, subjects entered a 5-year, long-term follow-up period. Subjects were evaluated for recurrence at the 3-, 6-, 12- and 24-month follow-up visits. The initial clearance rate at 12 weeks post treatment was 94.1%. The proportion of subjects who were clinically clear at the 2-year follow-up visit was estimated to be 82.0%. Imiquimod was tolerated when applied daily, with erythema reported for all subjects participating in the study. The recurrence rate observed suggests that once daily dosing and 5x/week dosing yield similar clearance rates, but daily dosing increases local skin reactions.
Pilot study of imiquimod 5% cream as adjunctive therapy to curettage and electrodesiccation for nodular basal cell carcinoma; BACKGROUND Curettage and electrodesiccation (C&D) is a widely used method to treat nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC). However, residual tumor is present immediately after the procedure in approximately 20 to 40% of cases. Imiquimod, a topical immune response modifier that targets Toll-like receptor 7, is currently approved for superficial BCC.
Imiquimod 5% Cream as Adjunctive Therapy For Primary, Solitary, Nodular Nasal Basal Cell Carcinomas Before Mohs Micrographic Surgery: A Randomized, Double Blind, Vehicle-Controlled Study; Imiquimod 5% cream is currently approved for treatment of nonfacial, superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCCs). Topical imiquimod might be a reasonable candidate for adjunctive therapy of nodular, nasal BCCs before Mohs surgery.
Effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota, inflammatory markers, and disease severity in patients with ulcerative colitis: a study protocol for a randomized clinical trial; BackgroundSeveral strategies are recommended to alleviate clinical symptoms of ulcerative colitis (UC). Soy milk may affect UC through its anti-inflammatory properties. However, no study has examined the effects of soy milk consumption on gut microbiota and inflammatory biomarkers in patients with UC. The current study will be done to examine the effects of soy milk consumption on UC symptoms, inflammation, and gut microbiota in patients with UC.MethodsThis study is a randomized clinical trial, in which thirty patients with mild to moderate severity of UC will be randomly allocated to receive either 250mL/day soy milk plus routine treatments (n=15) or only routine treatments (n=15) for 4weeks. Assessment of anthropometric measures and biochemical indicators including serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta), and interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) will be done at the study baseline and end of trial. In addition, the quantity of butyrate-producing bacteria including Clostridium cluster IV, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, and Roseburia spp.; prebiotic bacteria including Lactobacillus spp. and Bifidobacteria spp.; and mucus-degrading bacteria including Akkermansia muciniphila, Bacteroides fragilis, and Ruminococcus spp., as well as calprotectin and lactoferrin levels, will be explored in fecal samples. Also, the Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes ratio which is of significant relevance in human gut microbiota composition will be assessed.DiscussionAltered gut microbiota has been reported as an important contributing factor to inflammation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Soy milk contains several components such as phytoestrogens with potential anti-inflammatory properties. This product might affect gut microbiota through its protein and fiber content. Therefore, soy milk might beneficially affect systemic inflammation, gut microbiota, and then clinical symptoms in patients with UC.Trial registrationIranian Registry of Clinical Trials (www.irct.ir) IRCT20181205041859N1. Registered on 27 January 2019.
Comparison of supplementation of n-3 fatty acids from fish and flax oil on cytokine gene expression and growth of milk-fed Holstein calves; The ability to reduce incidence of disease in calves and improve early vaccination strategies is of particular interest for dairy producers. The n-3 fatty acids have been reported to reduce inflammatory diseases in humans but limited research has been done in calves. The objective of this study was to compare supplementation of n-3 fatty acids from fish and flax oil on gene expression of whole blood cells and growth of milk-fed Holstein calves. Forty-eight Holstein bull calves from a commercial dairy were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 diets beginning at 4 d old: (1) control milk replacer (MR) with all pork fat, (2) MR with 2% flax oil, and (3) MR with 2% fish oil. All MR were 17% fat, 27% crude protein on a dry matter (DM) basis, with all protein from whey sources. Calves were each fed 654 g DM of MR daily for the first 25 d and then 327 g/d for d 26, 27, and 28. On d 28, calves were challenged with a Pasteurella vaccine and the temperature response to the vaccine was recorded. Milk and feed intake and fecal scores were recorded daily, and body weight and hip width were recorded weekly. Blood was collected from all calves on d 25. One tube of collected blood was incubated with endotoxin (lipopolysaccharide; LPS) for 2 h and frozen with a second tube of control blood. Quantitative real-time PCR was used to assess the effects of LPS stimulation on cytokine gene expression. During the 28 d, calves supplemented with flax oil had a greater growth rate and feed efficiency than calves fed fish oil (0.52 +/- 0.02 vs. 0.48 +/- 0.02 g of gain:g of feed). Fish oil tended to decrease LPS stimulation of tumor necrosis factor-a expression. Flax oil, but not fish oil, decreased the expression of IL-4 and tended to decrease expression of osteopontin and IL-8. Flax oil tended to reduce the increase in rectal temperature in response to a Pasteurella vaccine. In conclusion, our data support the idea that supplementation with n-3 fatty acids affects cytokine gene expression.
TNFα Altered Inflammatory Responses, Impaired Health and Productivity, but Did Not Affect Glucose or Lipid Metabolism in Early-Lactation Dairy Cows; Inflammation may be a major contributing factor to peripartum metabolic disorders in dairy cattle. We tested whether administering an inflammatory cytokine, recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF alpha), affects milk production, metabolism, and health during this period. Thirty-three Holstein cows (9 primiparous and 24 multiparous) were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments at parturition. Treatments were 0 (Control), 1.5, or 3.0 g/kg body weight rbTNF alpha, which were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for the first 7 days of lactation. Statistical contrasts were used to evaluate the treatment and dose effects of rbTNF alpha administration. Plasma TNF alpha concentrations at 16 h post-administration tended to be increased (P < 0.10) by rbTNF alpha administration, but no dose effect (P > 0.10) was detected; rbTNFa treatments increased (P < 0.01) concentrations of plasma haptoglobin. Most plasma eicosanoids were not affected (P > 0.10) by rbTNF alpha administration, but 6 out of 16 measured eicosanoids changed (P < 0.05) over the first week of lactation, reflecting elevated inflammatory mediators in the days immediately following parturition. Dry matter and water intake, milk yield, and milk fat and protein yields were all decreased (P < 0.05) by rbTNFa treatments by 15 to 18%. Concentrations of plasma glucose, insulin, beta-hydroxybutyrate, non-esterified fatty acids, triglyceride, 3-methylhistidine,and liver triglyceride were unaffected (P < 0.10) by rbTNFa treatment. Glucose turnover rate was unaffected (P = 0.18) by rbTNFa administration. The higher dose of rbTNFa tended to increase the risk of cows developing one or more health disorders (P = 0.08). Taken together, these results indicate that administration of rbTNFa daily for the first 7 days of lactation altered inflammatory responses, impaired milk production and health, but did not significantly affect liver triglyceride accumulation or nutrient metabolism in dairy cows.
Treatment options for actinic keratoses; Actinic keratoses are rough, scaly lesions that commonly occur on sun-exposed areas of the skin. The prevalence of the condition increases with age. Actinic keratoses are thought to be carcinomas in situ, which can progress to squamous cell carcinomas. The decision to treat can be based on cosmetic reasons; symptom relief, or, most importantly, the prevention of malignancy and metastasis. Treatment options include ablative (destructive) therapies such as cryo-surgery, curettage with electrosurgery, and photodynamic therapy. Topical therapies are used in patients with multiple lesions. Fluorouracil has been the traditional topical treatment for actinic keratoses, although imiquimod 5% cream and diclofenac 3% gel are effective alternative therapies. There are too few controlled trials comparing treatment modalities for physicians to make sound, evidence-based treatment decisions.
Critical Thresholds of Antioxidant and Immune Function Parameters for Se deficiency Prediction in Dairy Cows; The aim of this study was to determine the plasma selenium (Se) levels of lactating cows and to evaluate its association with antioxidant ability and immune function. In a descriptive study, 20 healthy Holstein cows with normal Se level (C) and 30 Holstein cows with subclinical Se deficiency (T) were randomly selected between 14 and 21 days postpartum from a dairy farm, according to a cutoff point of 70 mg/L Se in plasma. Analysis of biochemical parameters of antioxidant and immune function were performed on all the cows, and the risk prediction thresholds for subclinical Se deficiency were determined by area under receiver operating characteristic curve. Cows in the T group had significantly lower plasma Se concentrations compared with cows in the C group (52.16 +/- 8.81 vs. 80.37 +/- 8.46 mu g/L, P=0.02). There was a marked decrease in plasma glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) activity in the T group that correlated positively with the plasma Se level (R=0.65, P=0.00), and a significant increase of plasma methane dicarboxylic aldehyde (MDA), total nitric oxide synthase, and lipid peroxidation that correlated negatively with plasma Se levels (R=-0.47, P=0.01; R=-0.33, P=0.04; R=-0.40, P=0.03). Furthermore, there were significantly lower plasma tumor necrosis factor-a and immunoglobulin G levels in the T group that correlated positively with plasma Se levels (R=0.41, P=0.01 and R=0.45, P=0.01), and a markedly lower plasma interleukin-6 level that correlated negatively with plasma Se levels (R=-0.38, P=0.02). In addition, if plasma GSH-Px activity was less than 42.37 U/ml, the risk of Se deficiency was significantly increased in lactating cows. These results suggest that low plasma Se levels may reduce the antioxidant ability and immune function, and the risk of low plasma Se level may be predicted effectively by plasma GSH-Px activity in lactating cows.
Surgery Versus 5% Imiquimod for Nodular and Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: 5-Year Results of the SINS Randomized Controlled Trial; We previously reported modest clinical 3-year benefit for topical imiquimod compared with surgery for superficial or nodular basal cell carcinoma at low-risk sites in our noninferiority randomized controlled SINS trial. Here we report 5-year data. Participants were randomized to imiquimod 5% cream once daily (superficial basal cell carcinoma, 6 weeks; nodular basal cell carcinoma, 12 weeks) or excisional surgery (4-mm margin). The primary outcome was clinical absence of initial failure or signs of recurrence at the 3-year dermatology review. Five-year success was defined as 3-year success plus absence of recurrences identified through hospital, histopathology, and general practitioner records. Of 501 participants randomized, 401 contributed to the modified intention-to-treat analyses at year 3 (primary outcome), 383 (96%) of whom had data at year 5. Five-year success rates for imiquimod were 82.5% (170/206) compared with 97.7% (173/177) for surgery (relative risk of imiquimod success = 0.84, 95% confidence interval = 0.77-0.91, P < 0.001). These were comparable to year 3 success rates of 83.6% (178/213) and 98.4% (185/188) for imiquimod and surgery, respectively. Most imiquimod treatment failures occurred in year 1. Although surgery is clearly superior to imiquimod, this study shows sustained benefit for lesions that respond early to topical imiquimod.
Treatment of post-transplant premalignant skin disease: a randomized intrapatient comparative study of 5-fluorouracil cream and topical photodynamic therapy; Background Organ transplant recipients (OTR) are at high risk of developing nonmelanoma skin cancer and premalignant epidermal dysplasia (carcinoma in situ/ Bowen's disease and actinic keratoses). Epidermal dysplasia is often widespread and there are few comparative studies of available treatments.
Randomized, Prospective, Open-label Phase III Trial Comparing Mebo Ointment With Biafine Cream for the Management of Acute Dermatitis During Radiotherapy for Breast Cancer; Purpose: Acute radiation dermatitis is a common side-effect of radiotherapy in breast cancer and has a profound impact on patients' quality of life, due to pain and discomfort. The aim of this study is to compare the effect of beta-sitosterol (Mebo) ointment to trolamine (Biafine) cream for the prevention and treatment of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant radiation therapy.
Monitoring mortality events in floor-raised broilers using machine learning algorithms trained with feeding behavior time-series data; In this study, we explored the integration of machine learning (ML) techniques with feeding behavior (FB) time series data to predict mortality events (animals culled or found dead) in floor -raised broilers. Our dataset included 2,667,617 daily observations for eight FB traits from 95,711 birds across 146 feeding trials. After data cleaning, the class distribution was 93.7 % healthy birds and 6.3 % withdrawn birds (culled or found dead), coded as 0 and 1 respectively. Mortality predictions were made one or three days before the observed events. Time series data for different FB traits were utilized to extract 22 time series features per trait, creating a structured feature dataset (days in the feeding trial + 128 time series features). We compared different ML algorithms: gradient boosting machine (GBM), multilayer perceptron neural network (MLP), logistic regression (LR), random forest (RF), and support vector machine (SVM). Due to the imbalanced nature of the data, we evaluated two sampling strategies: a random under -sampling technique (RUS) and a combined strategy (RUS + SMOTE). Models were assessed using 20 -fold cross -validation and an independent test set. Statistical tests indicated consistent differences in most FB traits between control and withdrawn birds at least 7 days before the event. Features derived from traits like daily feed intake, number of visited feeders, visiting activity interval, and number of meals presented high predictive importance for mortality monitoring in broilers. In the crossvalidation, classifiers achieved an average (standard deviation) of up to 0.87 (0.02) for the area under the ROC curve (AUC) and 0.55 (0.03) for the area under the precision -recall curve (AUPRC). This demonstrated a significant increase in classification performance compared to a no -skill classifier. However, performance dropped notably when extending the prediction window from one to three days in advance. The performance observed in the independent set was similar to that observed during cross -validation, indicating the robustness of our approach. The RUS + SMOTE strategy slightly outperformed RUS across all methods. GBM and SVM algorithms performed best, with no significant differences between them. Additionally, comparable results could be obtained by utilizing a reduced set of features with high predictive importance in comparison with models trained on the full feature set. In summary, Our findings indicate that large-scale feeding behavior data collected from electronic feeders offer valuable insights for predicting illness -related mortality events in floor -raised broilers using machine learning methods. Further research is needed to investigate the feasibility and costeffectiveness of such monitoring systems in commercial settings.
Prevalence and concentration of aflatoxin M<sub>1</sub> in breast milk in Africa: a meta-analysis and implication for the interface of agriculture and health; Breast milk is one of the many distinct forms of food that can be contaminated with aflatoxin M-1 (AFM(1)). They may be consumed by eating contaminated foods, such as contaminated meat and crops, which would then be present in breast milk and cause health problems, including nervous system disorders and cancers of the lungs, liver, kidneys, and urinary tract. However, the prevalently inconsistent explanation of prevalence and concentration remains a big challenge. Thus, this meta-analysis was conducted to determine the prevalence and concentration of harmful chemicals in breast milk in an African context. The databases MEDLINE, PubMed, Embase, SCOPUS, Web of Science, and Google Scholar were searched for both published and unpublished research. To conduct the analysis, the collected data were exported to Stata version 18. The results were shown using a forest plot and a prevalence with a 95% confidence interval (CI) using the random-effects model. The Cochrane chi-square (I2) statistics were used to measure the studies' heterogeneity, and Egger's intercept was used to measure publication bias. This review included twenty-eight studies with 4016 breast milk samples and newborns. The analysis showed the overall prevalence and concentration of aflatoxin M-1 in breast milk were 53% (95% CI 40, 65; i2 = 98.26%; P = 0.001). The pooled mean aflatoxin M-1 concentration in breast milk was 93.02 ng/l. According to this study, the eastern region of Africa was 62% (95% CI 39-82) profoundly affected as compared to other regions of the continent. In subgroup analysis by publication year, the highest level of exposure to aflatoxins (68%; 95% CI 47-85) was observed among studies published from 2010 to 2019. This finding confirmed that more than half of lactating women's breast milk was contaminated with aflatoxin M-1 in Africa. The pooled mean aflatoxin M-1 concentration in breast milk was 93.02 ng/l. According to this study, the eastern region of Africa was profoundly affected compared with other regions. Thus, the government and all stakeholders must instigate policies that mitigate the toxicity of aflatoxins in lactating women, fetuses, and newborns.
HEALTH STIMULATING PROPERTIES OF THE MOST POPULAR SOFT CHEESE IN EGYPT KARIESH MADE USING SKIMMED MILK UF-RETENTATE AND PROBIOTICS; Background. Soft skimmed-milk cheese Kariesh is the most popular soft cheese in Egypt. In the past, Karish cheese was traditionally produced by the random fermentation of milk speared its cream layer by the gravity force. Recently, its production has been carried out by several manufacturing procedures using, ultrafiltration (UF) - skimmed milk retentate, certain bacterial cultures, enzymatic coagulation, etc. Therefore, the biological and nutritional evaluations are required. The present study was conducted to evaluate the properties of such cheese coagulated using different procedures involving probiotic strains with emphasis on some chemical and biological attributes.
Branched chain fatty acids positional distribution in human milk fat and common human food fats and uptake in human intestinal cells; Branched chain fatty acids (BCFA) are components of common food fats but little is known about their positional distribution on triacylglycerols (TAG). Human milk fat, mature milk of cows and goats, and several fish oil products available in China were evaluated for BCFA content in the sn-2 position. Compared to the sn-1/sn-3 (alpha) positions, BCFA are enriched in sn-2 (beta) position of human milk (68% of BCFA), but randomly distributed among the sn-2 and sn-1/sn-3 positions of cow and goat milk. Fish oil TAG sn-2 BCFA were consistently depleted compared to the sn-1/sn-3 positions (5.2-11.9% of BCFA). Human intestinal epithelial cells were incubated with human milk sn-2 MAG, or fatty acids liberated from human milk sn-2 MAG. Cells incorporated more BCFA as sn-2 MAG than as FFA. The stereochemical positioning of BCFA in human milk fat may be unique compared to other BCFA sources, and mediate selective absorption of BCFA. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A non-dairy probiotic's (poi) influence on changing the gastrointestinal tract's microflora environment; Justification Yogurt has been historically used to restore gut microflora adversely affected by antibiotic treatment. Certain fermented dairy products are probiotics; "live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit to the host." Microorganisms in foods may benefit certain health conditions such as diarrhea, gastroenteritis, irritable bowel syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, and cancer. A potential new probiotic from a Polynesian traditional food is poi; a starchy paste made from the corm of taro plants.
Photodynamic therapy with BF-200 ALA for the treatment of actinic keratosis: results of a multicentre, randomized, observer-blind phase III study in comparison with a registered methyl-5-aminolaevulinate cream and placebo; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with 5-aminolaevulinic acid (ALA) or its methylester [methyl-5-aminolaevulinate (MAL) or 5-amino-4-oxopentanoate] was recently ranked as first-line therapy for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) and is an accepted therapeutic option for the treatment of neoplastic skin diseases. BF-200 ALA (Biofrontera Bioscience GmbH, Leverkusen, Germany) is a gel formulation of ALA with nanoemulsion for the treatment of AK which overcomes previous problems of ALA instability and improves skin penetration.
Is atopy a risk indicator of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in dairy farmers?; Allergic mechanisms related to environmental and occupational exposure have been suggested to contribute to the development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).ObjectivesTo investigate the relationships between atopy markers, persistent airflow limitation (PAL) and occupational exposure in dairy farmers.MethodsClinical and biological (total IgE and 21 allergen specific IgE) markers of atopy were assessed in 101 dairy farmers with PAL (DF-PAL), 85 non-farmers with PAL (NF-PAL) (both groups were prospectively included from a screening program performed between 2011 and 2015), and matched controls, i.e. 98 farmers without PAL (DF-controls) and 89 non-farming subjects without PAL (NF-controls). Occupational exposure in farmers was estimated using a validated questionnaire.ResultsPrevalence of allergy history was significantly higher in DF-PAL and in NF-PAL than in controls. Polysensitization, and sensitization to seasonal and food allergens were more frequent in DF-PAL than in DF-controls, respectively: 13.8% vs 1% (adjusted odds ratio (aOR): 17.5 (2.2-134), 11.9% vs 3.1% (aOR: 4.4 (1.2-7.2) and 16.8% vs 4.1% (aOR: 5.2 (1.7-7.2)). The prevalence of atopy markers was similar between NF-PAL patients and NF-controls.ConclusionsPAL in farmers is associated with a high rate of markers of atopy, supporting atopy as a risk indicator.Clinical trial registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02540408).
Fortification of orange juice with vitamin D: a novel approach for enhancing vitamin D nutritional health; Background: Fortification of milk with vitamin D may not be adequate for satisfying the vitamin D requirement because of variability in vitamin D content after fortification and because many persons have milk allergy or lactose intolerance. Additional foods need to be fortified with vitamin D.
Safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of skin dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients - Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Objective: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 5% imiquimod cream for cutaneous dysplasia in high-risk renal transplant recipients.
Effect of experimentally increased protein supply to postpartum dairy cows on plasma protein synthesis, rumen tissue proliferation, and immune homeostasis; The effect of experimentally increasing the postpartum protein supply on plasma protein synthesis, rumen tissue proliferation, and immune homeostasis was studied using 8 periparturient Holstein cows in a complete randomized design. At calving, cows were assigned to abomasal infusion of water (CTRL) or casein (CAS) in addition to a lactation diet. Casein infusion was gradually decreased from 696 +/- 1 g/d at +2 d relative to calving (DRTC) to 212 +/- 10 g/d at +29 DRTC to avoid excessive supply. Synthesis rate of plasma proteins was measured at -14, +4, +15, and +29 DRTC by measuring [C-13]Phe isotopic enrichment in arterial plasma free Phe, total plasma proteins, and albumin after 3, 5, and 7 h of jugular ring[C-13]Phe infusion. Plasma volume was determined at +4 and +29 DRTC by dilution of a [I-125]BSA dose. Synthesis rate of tissue protein in biopsied rumen papillae was determined by measuring [C-13]Phe isotopic enrichment, and mRNA expression of selected genes was measured by real-time qPCR. Total and differential leukocyte counts were performed and immune responsiveness of monocytes was evaluated by tumor necrosis factor. (TNF alpha) concentration on ex vivo whole blood stimulation with Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and responsiveness of T-lymphocytes by interferon gamma (IFN gamma) concentration on stimulation with Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin beta (SEB). Further, ELISA plasma concentrations of IgM, IgA, and IgG were determined. The DRTC affected the majority of investigated parameters as expected. The CAS treatment increased milk protein yield (P = 0.04), and tended to lower TNF alpha (P = 0.06), and lowered IFN gamma (P = 0.03) responsiveness per monocyte and lymphocyte, respectively, compared with CTRL. Further, fractional synthesis rate of albumin was greater at +4 DRTC for CAS compared with CTRL but did not differ by +29 DRTC (interaction: P = 0.01). In rumen papillae, synthesis rate of tissue protein was greater for CAS compared with CTRL (P < 0.01) and mRNA expression of genes for cell proliferation tended to be or were greater for CAS compared with CTRL (P <= 0.07). In conclusion, increased postpartum protein supply seem to enhance vital body functions as interpreted from increased liver synthesis of albumin, increased rumen papillae proliferation, and stabilized the ex vivo inflammatory responsiveness of leukocytes. Further studies are needed to enlighten the importance of increased postpartum protein supply in periparturient cows.
Risk factors for on-farm mortality in beef suckler cows under extensive keeping management; The on-farm mortality of cows in cow-calf herds has a significant influence on the economic efficiency of the farm. It is also an indicator of suboptimal animal health and welfare. The present study analysed the registry data of beef cows in Estonia from the years 2013 to 2015. The datasets incorporated 8084 parturitions of primiparous cows and 21,283 parturitions of 9234 multiparous cows. A Weibull proportional hazard random effect model was used for risk factor analysis, in which the on-farm mortality, including death and euthanasia, was the event of interest.
Immune-mediated changes in actinic keratosis following topical treatment with imiquimod 5% cream; Background: The objective of this study was to identify the molecular processes responsible for the anti-lesional activity of imiquimod in subjects with actinic keratosis using global gene expression profiling.
Culling decisions of dairy farmers during a 3-year <i>Salmonella</i> control study; Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica-serotypes lead to periodically increased morbidity and mortality in cattle herds. The bacteria can also lead to serious infections in humans. Consequently. Denmark has started a surveillance and control programme in 2002. The programme focuses on Salmonella Dublin which is the most prevalent and most persistent serotype in the Danish cattle population.
Prediagnostic breast milk DNA methylation alterations in women who develop breast cancer; Prior candidate gene studies have shown tumor suppressor DNA methylation in breast milk related with history of breast biopsy, an established risk factor for breast cancer. To further establish the utility of breast milk as a tissue-specific biospecimen for investigations of breast carcinogenesis, we measured genome-wide DNA methylation in breast milk from women with and without a diagnosis of breast cancer in two independent cohorts. DNA methylation was assessed using Illumina HumanMethylation450k in 87 breast milk samples. Through an epigenome-wide association study we explored CpG sites associated with a breast cancer diagnosis in the prospectively collected milk samples from the breast that would develop cancer compared with women without a diagnosis of breast cancer using linear mixed effects models adjusted for history of breast biopsy, age, RefFreeCellMix cell estimates, time of delivery, array chip and subject as random effect. We identified 58 differentially methylated CpG sites associated with a subsequent breast cancer diagnosis (q-value < 0.05). Nearly all CpG sites associated with a breast cancer diagnosis were hypomethylated in cases compared with controls and were enriched for CpG islands. In addition, inferred repeat element methylation was lower in breast milk DNA from cases compared to controls, and cases exhibited increased estimated epigenetic mitotic tick rate as well as DNA methylation age compared with controls. Breast milk has utility as a biospecimen for prospective assessment of disease risk, for understanding the underlying molecular basis of breast cancer risk factors and improving primary and secondary prevention of breast cancer.
Eucalcemia during lipopolysaccharide challenge in postpartum dairy cows: I. Clinical, inflammatory, and metabolic response; Hypocalcemia induced by immune activation is a conserved response across mammalian species; however, administration of Ca is discouraged in other species as it is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. Early postpartum cows experience a decrease in circulating Ca concentration following acute inflammation. Corrective Ca therapy during the transition period, particularly in dairy cows experiencing acute disease, is common practice. However, the effect of Ca administration on the inflammatory response during acute immune activation is unknown. Our objective was to compare the clinical, inflammatory, and metabolic response to an intravenous (IV) lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge between postpartum cows infused, or not, with IV Ca to maintain eucalcemia. Cows (n = 14, 8 +/- 1 d in milk) were enrolled in a matched-pair randomized controlled design to receive IV Ca (IVCa) or sterile 0.9% NaCl (CTRL) during an IV LPS challenge (0.040 or 0.045 mu g of LPS/kg of body weight over 1 h). Ionized Ca (iCa) was monitored cow-side, and IV Ca infusion was adjusted in a eucalcemic clamp for 12 h following the start of LPS infusion. Cows were monitored during the 24 h following challenge and serial blood samples were collected to quantify concentrations of glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate, nonesterified fatty acids, urea nitrogen, cytokines, acute-phase proteins, and cortisol. Blood iCa concentration decreased to 0.87 +/- 0.03 mM in CTRL during challenge, and by design, iCa concentration was maintained within 3% of baseline in IVCa. Body temperature, heart rate, and respiratory rate were monitored for 24 h following the start of challenge and did not differ between groups. A treatment x time interaction was identified such that serum cortisol concentrations increased in both groups at 2 h but decreased to a greater extent at 6 h in IVCa compared with CTRL. Rumination time (min/h) over the first 12 h following challenge was greater in IVCa, but total rumination time in the 24 h following challenge did not differ from CTRL. Serum glucose and nonesterified fatty acid concentrations decreased, and beta-hydroxybutyrate and urea nitrogen concentrations increased over time, but did not differ between groups. Acute leukopenia occurred in both groups at 4 h before leukocytosis was observed at 24 h with total white blood cell counts returning to baseline within 72 h. Plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and interleukin-10 (IL-10) increased within 1 h following the start of challenge and did not differ between groups. Serum haptoglobin and serum amyloid A concentrations increased within the 24 h following challenge and were elevated through 72 h but did not differ between groups. Eucalcemia during the acute systemic inflammatory response did not alter the TNF or IL-10 cytokine response, or the acute-phase protein SAA and haptoglobin response in this LPS challenge model; however, eucalcemia was associated with a more rapid decline in cortisol response and greater rumination time in the first 12 h following challenge. We did not find evidence that eucalcemia exacerbated the inflammatory response in early postpartum cows, but Ca administration may alter the clinical response to acute systemic inflammation.
Influence of Neonatal Sex on Breast Milk Protein and Antioxidant Content in Spanish Women in the First Month of Lactation; Breast milk (BM) is the best food for newborns. Male sex is associated with a higher risk of fetal programming, prematurity, and adverse postnatal outcome, being that BM is an important health determinant. BM composition is dynamic and modified by several factors, including lactation period, prematurity, maternal nutritional status, and others. This study was designed to evaluate the influence of sex on BM composition during the first month of lactation, focused on macronutrients and antioxidants. Forty-eight breastfeeding women and their fifty-five newborns were recruited at the Hospital Clinico San Carlos (Madrid, Spain). Clinical sociodemographic data and anthropometric parameters were collected. BM samples were obtained at days 7, 14, and 28 of lactation to assess fat (Mojonnier method), protein (Bradford method), and biomarkers of oxidative status: total antioxidant capacity (ABTS and FRAP methods), thiol groups, reduced glutathione, superoxide dismutase and catalase activities, lipid peroxidation, and protein oxidation (spectrophotometric methods). Linear mixed models with random effects adjusted by maternal anthropometry, neonatal Z-scores at birth, and gestational age were used to assess the main effects of sex, lactation period, and their interaction. BM from mothers with male neonates exhibited significantly higher protein, ABTS, FRAP, and GSH levels, while catalase showed the opposite trend. No differences between sexes were observed in SOD, total thiols, and oxidative damage biomarkers. Most changes were observed on day 7 of lactation. Adjusted models demonstrated a significant association between male sex and proteins (beta = 2.70 +/- 1.20; p-Value = 0.048). In addition, total antioxidant capacity by ABTS (beta = 0.11 +/- 0.06) and GSH (beta = 1.82 +/- 0.94) showed a positive trend near significance (p-Value = 0.056; p-Value = 0.064, respectively). In conclusion, transitional milk showed sex differences in composition with higher protein and GSH levels in males. This may represent an advantage in the immediate perinatal period, which may help to counteract the worse adaptation of males to adverse intrauterine environments and prematurity.
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Effects of Pasteurization on Milk Vitamins, and Evidence for Raw Milk Consumption and Other Health-Related Outcomes; Pasteurization of milk ensures safety for human consumption by reducing the number of viable pathogenic bacteria. Although the public health benefits of pasteurization are well established, pro raw milk advocate organizations continue to promote raw milk as "nature's perfect food." Advocacy groups' claims include statements that pasteurization destroys important vitamins and that raw milk consumption can prevent and treat allergies, cancer, and lactose intolerance. A systematic review and meta-analysis was completed to summarize available evidence for these selected claims. Forty studies assessing the effects of pasteurization on vitamin levels were found. Qualitatively, vitamins B12 and E decreased following pasteurization, and vitamin A increased. Random effects meta-analysis revealed no significant effect of pasteurization on vitamin B6 concentrations (standardized mean difference [SMD], -2.66; 95% confidence interval [CI], -5.40, 0.8; P = 0.06) but a decrease in concentrations of vitamins BI (SMD, -1.77; 95% CI, -2.57, -0.96; P < 0.001), B2 (SMD, -0.41; 95% CI, -0.81, -0.01; P < 0.05), C (SMD, -2.13; 95% CI, -3.52, -0.74; P < 0.01), and folate (SMD, -11.99; 95% CI, -20.95, -3.03; P < 0.01). The effect of pasteurization on milk's nutritive value was minimal because many of these vitamins are naturally found in relatively low levels. However, milk is an important dietary source of vitamin B2, and the impact of heat treatment should be further considered. Raw milk consumption may have a protective association with allergy development (six studies), although this relationship may be potentially confounded by other farming-related factors. Raw milk consumption was not associated with cancer (two studies) or lactose intolerance (one study). Overall, these findings should be interpreted with caution given the poor quality of reported methodology in many of the included studies.
Evaluating the effectiveness of a single application of 7% iodine tincture umbilical dip as a prevention of infection of the external umbilical structures in dairy calves; The objective of this randomized clinical trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of a single application of 7% iodine tincture-based umbilical dip for preventing infection of the external umbilical structures in dairy calves. Five dairy farms in southern Ontario were vis-ited twice weekly from September 2020 through June 2021. Female (n = 244) and male (n = 40) Holstein calves were randomly assigned at birth to receive either a 7% iodine tincture-based umbilical dip (n = 140) or no treatment (n = 144). Calves in the 7% iodine tinc-ture umbilical dip group had the product administered once by the producer shortly after birth. For each new-born calf, the experimental group, calving difficulty, volume and timing of colostrum administration, time of birth, calving pen cleanliness, and the dam ID were recorded. Calf body weight was recorded during the first visit after birth, and a blood sample was collected for measurement of serum IgG concentration. Calves were health scored twice weekly from enrollment until approximately 30 d of age for assessment of external umbilical infection, joint inflammation, respiratory dis-ease, and diarrhea. The primary outcome of the study was external umbilical infection, which was defined as an enlarged umbilicus with pain, heat, or a malodorous discharge. Calves were also weighed at 30 and 60 d to determine average daily gain. Serum IgG concentration and birth weight did not differ significantly between groups. Twenty-nine calves (20%) in the umbilical dip group developed an external umbilical infections, com-pared with 31 calves (22%) in the control group. A mixed logistic regression model, accounting for farm as a random effect, showed no effect of treatment on the incidence of an external umbilical infection. However, for every additional hour that calves received colostrum after birth, the odds of developing an external umbilical infection increased during the first month of life (odds ratio = 1.15; 95% confidence interval: 1.04-1.26). Addi-tionally, treatment had no effect on respiratory disease, joint inflammation, diarrhea, average daily gain, or mortality, compared with the untreated control. These findings suggest that administering a single applica-tion of 7% iodine tincture dip to the umbilicus around the time of birth may not be effective for preventing external umbilical infections. Farm-level management factors, including colostrum management, appear to have more influence on risk of this disease.
Topical treatment of vaginal dryness with a non-hormonal cream in women undergoing breast cancer treatment - An open prospective multicenter study; This open, prospective, multicenter, observational study was performed to investigate the efficacy and safety of a non-hormonal cream in women undergoing breast cancer treatment and experiencing vulvovaginal dryness symptoms. Overall, 128 patients from 22 study centers participated. The cream was applied to the vagina and vulva for 28 days. For the efficacy analysis, changes in subjective symptoms (feeling of dryness, itching, burning, pain independent of sexual intercourse, dyspareunia, urinary incontinence) were evaluated. Additionally, the following objective diagnostic findings were assessed by a physician: thinning of vaginal epithelium, redness, petechiae, and discharge. Safety and tolerability were assessed by evaluating type and frequency of adverse events, including adverse medical device-related effects. The frequency and intensity of all subjective symptoms significantly improved from baseline at 28 days (p<0.0001). Additionally, 21.4% of patients were completely free of symptoms (p<0.0001) and urinary incontinence was improved or eliminated in 30.8% of women. The overall sum score for all four objective findings was significantly improved from baseline at 28 days (p<0.0001). The frequency of petechial bleedings was significantly reduced (p<0.0001). Further, significant decreases in the severity of vaginal epithelium thinning, redness and petechiae were observed (p<0.0001). More than 88% of patients and investigators assessed the efficacy and tolerability as being good or very good. No serious adverse events were documented. This study demonstrates that the investigated cream is an effective and safe non-hormonal, topical option in the treatment of vulvovaginal dryness symptoms in patients undergoing breast cancer treatment for. However, the study duration and follow-up time of 4 weeks as well as the non-randomized trial design are limitations of the study.
The effects of progesterone treatment following artificial insemination on the reproductive performance of dairy cows; The objective of this study was to examine the effects of increasing circulating progesterone in multiparous Holstein cows, using an intravaginal progesterone implant between days 3 and 7 following fixed-time artificial insemination (FTAI). The animals were randomly assigned into two groups: (1) treatment group and (2) control (no treatment). The experiment took place during periods of high and mild temperatures. Pregnancy rates were evaluated by ultrasound at 30 and 60 days after FTAI; embryonic and fetal mortality rates were also evaluated on these dates. The temperature and humidity index on the day of FTAI were different (P < 0.05) during the times of interest, but it did not affect conception rates. Neither the conception rates at days 30 and 60 nor the embryonic and fetal mortality rates differed between the groups during either the high- or mild-temperature periods (P > 0.05). Throughout the experimental period, the serum progesterone concentration was higher in the treatment group than in the control (P < 0.05). We conclude that the intravaginal progesterone implant inserted from days 3 to 7 following FTAI had no effect on conception rates at days 30 and 60 or on embryonic or fetal mortality rates but enhances the serum progesterone concentrations following treatment in multiparous Holstein cows during high- and mild-temperature periods.
Response of calves fed starters based on either steam-flaked corn grain or steam-flaked barley grain to dietary protein content in Holstein dairy calves; We hypothesized that steam-flaking the high-starch grains can stimulate ruminal microbial activity and reduce cecal fermentation due to lowering starch escaping in to hind-hut of young calves. Therefore, the current study evaluated the effect of steam-flaking the grains (corn grain vs. barley grain) with either 18% (18CP) or 22% (22CP) dietary protein content (dry matter basis) on growth performance, microbial protein synthesis (MPS) and inflammatory markers in young calves. Female Holstein calves (48 calves with 3 d of age) were assigned randomly to the following treatments: SFC-18CP, SFC-22CP, SFB-18CP, and SFB-22CP (n = 12, each). Milk feeding schedule was identical among treatments until weaning (d 53), and calves had ad-libitum access to water and starters until the final day of experiment (d 73). Feeding SFC increased starter intake compared to calves fed SFB diet (p = 0.05; pre-weaning, have greater feed efficiency (tendency, p = 0.07; post-weaning), better fecal score (p = 0.01), and higher hip height (p = 0.03; postweaning) compared to calves fed SFB diet. However, ruminal pH was lower (p = 0.04; preweaning), heart girth was smaller (p = 0.02), and post-weaning circulating tumor necrosis factor-alpha was greater (TNF-alpha, p = 0.03) for calves fed SFB compared to calves fed SFC diet. Feeding 22CP compared to 18CP diet improved hip height at weaning time (p = 0.01) and reduced preweaning serum amyloid A (SAA, p = 0.04). With respect to the interaction, results indicated that higher ADG (p = 0.04) and subsequently higher BW (p < 0.05) was detected for calves fed SFC along with 22CP diet compared to other experimental arrangements. The calves fed SFB along with 18CP diet had lower withers height (p = 0.01), lower urinary allantoin (p = 0.02), and MPS (p = 0.04); but higher TNF-alpha (p = 0.01; pre-weaning) and higher SAA (p = 0.04; post-weaning) compared to other experimental treatments. Based on the results obtained in the current study, feeding SFC can be more favorable diet than SFB diet in young calves due to improve ruminal microbial activity and more favorable immune function. Furthermore, results suggest that feeding steam flaked corn grain with 22CP diet had positive interaction resulted in higher microbial protein production and growth performance of young calves. Optimal processing method applied for high-starch grains to increase ruminal fermentation and prevent starch escaping in to the hind-gut of young calves for reducing cecal fermentation needs to be more evaluated in milk-fed calves.
Prevalence, prediction and risk factors of enteropathogens in normal and non-normal faeces of young Dutch dairy calves; Between January and April 2007,424 calves under 22 days of age from 108 Dutch dairy herds were sampled to estimate the prevalence of non-normal faeces ('custard-like'-yellowish-coloured with custard consistency or diarrhoea: watery-like faeces) and the shedding of enteropathogens Escherichia call K99 (E coli), Coronavirus, Cryptosporidium parvum (C. parvum), Rotavirus and Clostridium perfiringens; (CL perfringens). In addition, information was collected on animal characteristics and herd-management practices. The probability of detecting each one of five enteropathogens given a calf with 'custard-like' faeces or diarrhoea was estimated using Bayes' rule and was based on the predicted probabilities from a multinominal model including each of five enteropathogens as independent variables. in addition, putative risk factors for the presence of each of five enteropathogens were analysed using logistic regression models with random herd effects.
Role of probiotics in patients with colorectal cancer: a systematic review protocol of randomised controlled trial studies; Introduction Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related morbidity worldwide and it has been reported to be associated with poor lifestyle habits which include excess tobacco and alcohol intake as well as genetics and age factors. Probiotics such as the lactic acid bacteria andBifidobacteriumas well as probiotic containing foods (kombucha, kefir, miso etc) have received lots of attention as anticancer agents for prevention and treatment. The effects of the administration of probiotics to patients with colorectal cancer is the primary goal of this systematic review. The overall aim is to assess how the use of probiotics in patients with colorectal cancer helps in the management of colorectal cancer and its effect on the diversity of gut microbiota. The final systematic review will provide a comprehensive evidence base for the use and efficacy of probiotics in patient with colorectal cancer care. Methods and analysis The systematic review, will be conducted by extensively searching different databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, Wiley and ProQuest to identify randomised controlled trials (with no time frame) which relate to the administration of probiotics to patients with colorectal cancer. The search strategy will include words like colorectal cancer, probiotics,Bifidobacterium, clinical trials etc. A systematic search of databases was performed between 17 and 20 January 2020. Two reviewers will independently review the studies and also search the reference lists of the eligible studies to obtain more references. Data will be extracted from the eligible studies using standardised data extraction form. After assessing the risk of bias, qualitative analysis will be used to synthesise the systematic review. Ethics and dissemination This is a protocol for a systematic review; therefore, it doesn't require any ethics approval. We intend to disseminate the protocol in a peer reviewed journal.
Rearing conditions, morbidity and breeding performance in dairy heifers in southwest Sweden; We carried out a longitudinal study of 122 dairy herds in southwest Sweden to investigate relationships of rearing conditions and health with heifer breeding performance and to estimate the incidence of clinical diseases and survival until 1st calving. A total of 3081 animals born in 1998 (47% Swedish Red 50% Swedish Holstein breed) were followed from birth until calving, culling or death. Information about housing, management, breeds and dates of birth, breeding and calving was obtained from farmers. Diseases were recorded by farmers and veterinarians; antibiotic treatment was used in < 25% of all cases.
Efficacy of lidocaine 7 %, tetracaine 7 % self-occlusive cream in reducing MAL-cPDT-associated pain in subjects with actinic keratosis: A randomized, single-blind, vehicle-controlled trial (The "3P-Trial"); Introduction: Conventional photodynamic therapy (cPDT) is considered a very effective treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) lesions. However, its use is limited by the fact that this procedure could be very painful. The use of topical anesthetics such as tetracaine or lignocaine/prilocaine has shown disappointing results in term of pain reduction. A self-occlusive topical 7% lidocaine/7% tetracaine anesthetic cream (LT-C) approved by the FDA to provide local topical anesthesia in adults undergoing superficial dermatological procedures is available. There are no data regarding its pain reducing effect during cPDT. We perform a prospective, randomized, single-blind, two-center trial (The 3P-Trial) to assess the pain reduction effect of LT-C versus vehicle in subjects with AK undergoing cPDT.
Twice-daily prophylactic cranial irradiation for patients with limited disease small-cell lung cancer with complete response to chemotherapy and consolidative radiotherapy - Report of a single institutional phase II trial; Prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) has been demonstrated to significantly reduce the incidence of brain relapse from limited disease small-cell lung cancer (LD SCLC), but concerns about neurologic toxicity remain. The purpose of this report was to update a phase II institutional trial that explored the impact of twice-daily PCI on neurologic toxicity as well as outcome for this group of patients. All eligible subjects had documented complete response to induction chemotherapy and consolidative chest irradiation. The whole brain was treated with twice-daily fractions of 1.5 Gy with megavoltage Irradiation to an approximate total dose of 30.0-36.0 Gy. Although not devised as a randomized study, approximately half of the eligible patients declined the protocol enrollment of their own volition and were retrospectively evaluated as a "historical" control group regarding the incidence of brain metastases. Fifteen patients accepted twice-daily PCI, with 12 deferring treatment. Median follow-up was 20 months. Disease-free survival at 2 years was 54% with twice-daily PCI versus 0% without any PCI (p = 0.013). Overall survival at 2 years was 62% with twice-daily PCI versus 23% without PCI (p = 0.032). No statistically significant neurologic deterioration was detected in the PCI group posttreatment. Thus, twice-dairy PCI should be considered for patients with LD SCLC who achieve a complete response to chemoirradiation. A multi-institutional randomized trial would be necessary before making definitive recommendations.
Systematic early obstetrical assistance at calving: II Effects on dairy heifer calf growth, health, and survival to weaning; Good calving management should not only ease the transition of cows into lactation, but also contribute to providing healthy replacement animals for the herd. Difficulty during parturition has been found to be detrimental to the offspring. Because of the association of obstetrical intervention with undesirable outcomes, the general management recommendation for calving is to let cows give birth unassisted whenever possible. Unfortunately, very few studies have investigated the effects of planned early assistance during calving, regardless of whether or not another problem exists. To investigate the effects of early assistance during apparently normal calvings, a clinical trial was conducted on 257 Holstein cows. They were observed through the second stage of calving, and before calving they were divided randomly between 2 assigned interventions: not assisted or early assistance during the second stage of parturition. After calving, the animals were classified into 4 actual calving intervention groups: too quick to be assisted, not assisted, early assistance, and late assistance (for cows in the not assisted group that did not calve unassisted within the 1 h maximum time allowed). Early assistance was given 15 min after first sight of both front hooves of the calf and done using human force only. Heifer calves (n = 129) born from enrolled dams were followed until weaning to assess the effect of assigned and actual calving interventions on their growth, health, and survival. Heifer calves' weight at birth was positively associated with weight at 7 wk, but the effect varied by assigned and actual intervention. As a routine management practice, giving early assistance during calving to dairy cows did not influence average daily gain, health, or survival in dairy heifer calves up to weaning at 7 wk of age.
The relationship between major food sources of fructose and cardiovascular disease, cancer, and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies; We aimed to summarize the associations between food sources of fructose and cardiovascular diseases (CVD), cancer, and all-cause mortality risk using a systematic review and meta-analysis. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to November 2020. We included cohort studies that investigated the relationship between mortality risk (all-cause, CVD, specific CVD, and total and site-specific cancers) and intake of >= 1 food source of fructose (fruit, fruit juice, breakfast cereals, sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs), sweets, and yogurt) in general adult population. Summary hazard ratios and 95% CIs were estimated using a random-effects model for linear and nonlinear relationships. Findings indicated that each 100 g/d increase in fruit intake was associated with 8-13% lower risk of CVDs, stroke, gastrointestinal, and lung cancer mortality. For all-cause mortality, there was a beneficial relationship up to 200 g/d fruit, and then plateaued. For ischemic heart disease and cancer mortality, there was a beneficial relationship up to 300 g/d followed by a slight increase. Ingestion of breakfast cereals and sweets was also associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. For yogurt, a non-linear marginal decrease in all-cause mortality was found. Ingestion of each 200 g/d yogurt was associated with a 14% lower risk of CVD mortality. Every 60 g/d increase in sweet intake was linked to a 5% lower risk of all-cause mortality. Contrariwise, every 250 g/d increase in SSBs intake was associated with 7-10% higher risk of all-cause and CVD mortality. In conclusion, beneficial associations were found between fruit, breakfast cereals, sweets, and yogurt with all-cause and/or CVD mortality risk. Fruit intake had also an inverse link with cancer mortality. Conversely, SSBs had a harmful relationship with all-cause and CVD mortality. Registry number: CRD42019144956
Chemoprevention of Basal and Squamous Cell Carcinoma With a Single Course of Fluorouracil, 5%, Cream A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Keratinocyte carcinoma (ie, cutaneous basal and squamous cell carcinoma) is the most common cancer in the United States.
A VERY-LOW INTAKE OF FAT IS REQUIRED TO DECREASE FECAL BILE-ACID CONCENTRATIONS IN RATS; The purpose of this study was to determine the effect of different amounts of dietary fat on colonic cell proliferation and fecal bile acid concentrations. Thirty-nine male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly assigned to three diets (13 rats per diet) containing 5, 10 and 20 g butter/100 g diet. Diets were fed for 3 wk. As fat intake increased, total fecal fat excretion remained constant. When dietary fat was decreased from 20 to 10 g/100 g diet, total fecal bile acid concentrations tended to increase 14.5%. However, a further reduction to 5 g butter/100 g diet significantly decreased fecal total bile acid concentration by 48% from the concentration in feces of rats fed 10 g butter/ 100 g diet. The concentration of deoxycholate (considered a highly promotive bile acid) was not reduced unless the amount of fat in the diet was reduced to 5 g/ 100 g. Labeling index was used as an intermediate marker for colon carcinogenesis. For deoxycholate, a decrease of fat intake to 5 g/100 g diet decreased the cecal labeling index relative to those of rats fed 10 or 20 g butter/100 g diet. These data indicate that decreasing the dietary fat from 20 to 10 g/100 g does not decrease fecal bile acid concentration or colonic cell proliferation, but some effects are seen in rats fed 5 g butter/100 g diet.
Connectedness between Intensive and Extensive Ruminant Production Systems: Using Dairy Cow Feed Leftovers to Generate Out-of-Season Bio-Economic Indices in Goats; Founded on a circular economy perspective, the possible effect of targeted supplementation with leftover feed from dairy cows (i.e., intensive system) upon the productive economic performance of crossbred-rangeland goats (i.e., extensive system) in northern arid Mexico was assessed. Multiparous goats (n = 38) with similar body condition score (BCS) and body weight (BW) were randomly assigned during the deep anestrus season (i.e., March-April, 25 degrees N) into two groups: (1) the control-non-supplemented group (CONT; n = 19; BCS: 1.76 +/- 0.06; BW: 44.3 +/- 2.5 kg) and (2) the supplemented group (SUPL; n = 19; BCS: 1.76 +/- 0.07; BW: 43.7 +/- 1.8 kg). While the SUPL group received 400 g goat d(-1) of dairy cow feed leftovers prior to grazing, both groups went daily to the rangeland (i.e., approximate to 8 h). The study considered an experimental period of 36 d with an experimental breeding of 11 d (d0-d10). Previously, on days -20, -10, -1 preceding the male-to-female interaction, the anovulatory status of goats was confirmed through ultrasonographic scanning. Prior to mating, the males were separated from goats and treated for a period of 3 weeks (i.e., every 3rd d) with testosterone (i.e., 50 mg i.m.). The response variables evaluated considered goats induced to estrus (GIE, %), goats ovulating (GO, %), ovulation rate (OR, units), pregnancy rate-1 (PRd36, %), pregnancy rate-2 (PRd50, %), embryo mortality-d50 (EMO, %), potential kidding index-d50 (PKId50,%), kid weight at birth simples (KWBS, kg), potential litter efficiency at birth (PLEB, kg), and potential litter efficiency at weaning (i.e., d21 post kidding), either expressed as kg head(-1) (PLEW1) or USD head-1 (PLEW2). Although no differences (p > 0.05) occurred for GIE and PRd50, increases in the phenotypic expression of OR (1.42 vs. 0.73), PRd36 (68.4 vs. 36.8), EMO (23.0 vs. 0), PKId50 (74.7 vs. 26.8), and KWBS (4.1 vs. 3.3) occurred (p < 0.05) in the SUPL goats. To have a more integrative evaluation regarding the out-of-season reproductive outcomes, three bio-economic efficiency indices per goat exposed to males were generated: PLEB (4.3 vs. 0.6 kg), PLEW1-kg (7.7 vs. 3.1 kg), and PLEW2-USD (63.9 vs. 26.1 USD), which also favored (p < 0.05) to the SUPL goats. The last result occurred despite no differences (p > 0.05) regarding BW, BCS, and serum glucose concentrations between experimental groups. Furthermore, applying the main research outcomes from this specific study toward the large-scale goat production system in the Comarca Lagunera-one of the largest dairy goat production hubs in The Americas-denoted promising expectations, either from an economic or productive-reproductive standpoint. Certainly, goat producers from the region would increase their potential annual income just from the sale of kids by close to 250%; that is from MUSD 1.1 to 3.9. This result should reduce food insecurity and economic stress, as well as enhance the livelihoods of the goat keepers and their families.
Lifestyle factors and duration of androgen deprivation affect bone mineral density of patients with prostate cancer during first year of therapy; OBJECTIVES Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is associated with loss of bone mineral density (BMD) and increased fracture risk. We sought to examine the impact of ADT and lifestyle variables on BMD in 120 patients with prostate cancer without bone metastases entering a randomized clinical trial. METHODS A total of 120 patients with prostate cancer and without bone metastases who had been treated with ADT for less than 12 months were enrolled in a clinical trial of zoledronic acid versus placebo. BMD measurements of the femoral neck, total hip, and lumbar spine were obtained before starting the study treatment by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry. The subjects answered a questionnaire regarding possible osteoporosis risk factors, including dairy product use, caffeinated beverage use, smoking history, alcohol intake, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, thyroid medication, and exercise. RESULTS The median duration of ADT was 3 months (range 0 to 12). Osteopenia or osteoporosis (T score of less than -1) was detected in two thirds of the subjects at one or more measured sites. The mean baseline BMD Z scores were femoral neck -0.091 0.959, total hip 0.122 +/- 1.005, and lumbar spine 0.657 1.789. On multiple linear regression analysis, the duration of ADT was negatively associated with the Z score at all three sites and the body mass index, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, and alcohol use were positively associated with the Z score. CONCLUSIONS BMD loss is a function of the duration of ADT during the first year of therapy. The body mass index, calcium/vitamin D supplementation, and alcohol use were associated with greater BMD, even after controlling for ADT exposure.
Topical prilocaine-lidocaine cream combined with peripheral nerve block improves pain control in prostatic biopsy:: Results from a prospective randomized trial; Objectives: To compare pain control results between periprostatic nerve block alone and combined with topical prilocaine-lidocaine cream as local anesthesia of prostate biopsy.
Prevalence of Bovine Rotavirus and Coronavirus in Neonatal Calves in Dairy Farms of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: Preliminary Study; Background. Bovine rotavirus (BRV) and bovine coronavirus (BCoV) are the most common viral agents in neonatal calf diarrhea and result in serious economic consequences. The aim of the study was to determine the epidemiology of those viruses in randomly selected dairy farms of Addis Ababa. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted from November 2018 to April 2019 using a probability proportional to size (PPS) sampling technique. A total of 110 calves, less than 30 days of age, from 57 dairy herds were involved in the study. Associated factors of herds and calves were collected using semistructured interviews from farm owners and through physical observation of selected calves. Fecal samples were collected and analyzed using the sandwich ELISA method. Data generated from both semistructured interviews and laboratory investigation were analyzed using STATA_MP version 15. Results. From the total 110 calves, 42 (38.18%) had diarrhea during the survey. The prevalence of bovine rotavirus and coronavirus was 3.64% (4/110) and 0.91% (1/110), respectively. Diarrhea, feeding colostrum timing, and sex of the neonatal calves had statistically significant association with bovine rotavirus infection (p<0.05). All rotavirus-positive neonatal calves were identified in small scale dairy farms and in dairy farms that reported mortality though they lack statistically significant association. Only one coronavirus case was detected among the neonatal calves. The case was identified among small scale herds and in a herd with diarrheal cases. The sex of the coronavirus calf was female, diarrheic, and among 11-20 days old. Conclusion. The prevalence of rotavirus and coronavirus infections in neonatal calves was seldom in dairy farms of the study area. Rotavirus was more common than coronavirus, and further studies should be initiated on other (infectious and noninfectious) causes of neonatal calf diarrhea in the area.
Epidermal Growth Factor and Tocotrienol-Rich Fraction Cream Formulation Accelerates Burn Healing Process Based on Its Gene Expression Pattern in Deep Partial-Thickness Burn Wound Model; Our previous study has demonstrated that epidermal growth factor (EGF) with tocotrienol-rich fraction (TRF) cream formulation accelerating postburn wound healing with deep partial-thickness burn in rats. Current study was conducted to determine the gene expression levels related to burn wound healing process. A total of 180 Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 6 groups: untreated control, treated with Silverdin cream, base cream, base cream with 0.00075% EGF, base cream with 3% TRF or base cream with 0.00075% EGF, and 3% TRF, respectively. Burn wounds were created and the above-mentioned creams were applied once daily. Six animals from each group were sacrificed on days 3, 7, 11, 14, and 21 postburn. RNA was extracted from wound tissues and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to analyze the 9 wound healing-related genes against time postburn. Results demonstrated that topically applied EGF + TRF formulation downregulated the expression levels of IL-6 (interluekin-6), TNF-alpha (tumor necrosis factor-alpha) and iNOS (inducible nitric oxide synthase) throughout the whole healing process. TGF-beta 1 (transforming growth factor-beta) and VEGF-A (vascular endothelial growth factor-A) were reduced on day 14 postburn. On the contrary, increased expression of Collagen-1 in the early stage of wound healing was observed with no effects on epidemal growth factor receptor (EGFR). The results showed beneficial application of EGF + TRF cream in the treatment of burn wound since it accelerated wound healing by relieving oxidative stress, decreasing inflammation, and promoting proper tissue modelling in the burn wound.
Noninfiltrative anesthesia for transrectal prostate biopsy: A randomized prospective study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and lidocaine-ketorolac gel; Objectives: Periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) is the standard anesthesia for ultrasound (US) guided transrectal prostate biopsy (TPB), but periprostatic infiltration itself constitutes a major, though often neglected, source of discomfort even in patients receiving perianal-intrarectal lidocaine-prilocaine (PILP) cream before PPNB. Noninfiltrative anesthesia therefore represents an attractive alternative to periprostatic infiltration. With this in mind, we aimed to determine the efficacy and safety of perianal-intrarectal (PI) lidocaine gel, lidocaine-ketorolac gel, and lidocaine-prilocaine cream in relieving pain during TPB.
The use of Toll-like receptor-7 agonist in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma: an overview; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is a subtype of nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC), with an increasing incidence worldwide. Currently, excision of the tumour with histological control is the standard therapy. However, high incidence rates have led to concern about the economic burden imposed by BCC management in many countries. Imiquimod is a member of a novel class of immune response modifiers (IRM), which works by using the toll-like receptor (TLR)-7. Although the exact mode of action is so far unknown, it is suggested to induce the expression of different cytokines like interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, IL-12, interferon (IFN)-alpha and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, which stimulate or enhance both the innate immune system and the cell-mediated immune response. Preclinical studies have indicated the potential of this TLR-7 agonist for the treatment of precancers and tumours in humans. A number of Phase II trials have demonstrated the efficacy of imiquimod for the treatment of BCC, although the most appropriate dosing regimen is being confirmed in Phase III studies. Imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of mainly superficial BCC appears to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment option.
Nut consumption and incidence of cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular disease mortality: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Context: Previous meta-analyses evaluating the association between nut consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) had substantial methodological limitations and lacked recently published large prospective studies; hence, making an updated meta-analysis highly desirable. Objective: To update the clinical guidelines for nutrition therapy in relation to the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD), a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies was conducted using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to summarize the evidence of the association between total nuts, specific types of nuts, and the incidence of, and mortality from, CVD outcomes. Data sources: Relevant articles were identified by searching the PubMed and Cochrane databases. Data extraction: Two independent researchers screened the articles to identify those that met the inclusion criteria. Data analysis: The inverse variance method with fixed-effect or random-effects models was used to pool data across studies (expressed as risk ratio [RR] and 95% confidence interval [CI]). Heterogeneity was tested and quantified using the Cochrane Q test and I-2-statistic, respectively. The GRADE system was used to assess the quality of the evidence. Results: Nineteen studies were included in the analyses. The results revealed an inverse association between total nut consumption (comparing highest vs lowest categories) and CVD incidence (RR, 0.85; 95%CI, 0.800.91; I-2, 0%), CVD mortality (RR, 0.77; 95%CI, 0.72-0.82; I-2, 3%), coronary heart disease (CHD) incidence (RR, 0.82; 95%CI, 0.69-0.96; I-2, 74%), CHD mortality (RR, 0.76; 95%CI, 0.67-0.86; I-2, 46%), stroke mortality (RR, 0.83; 95%CI, 0.75-0.93; I-2, 0%), and atrial fibrillation (RR, 0.85; 95%CI, 0.73-0.99; I-2, 0%). No association was observed with stroke incidence and heart failure. The certainty of the evidence ranged from moderate to very low. Conclusions: This systematic review and meta-analysis revealed a beneficial role of nut consumption in reducing the incidence of, and mortality from, different CVD outcomes.
Perianal and intrarectal anaesthesia for transrectal biopsy of the prostate: a prospective randomized study comparing lidocaine-prilocaine cream and placebo; OBJECTIVES
Evaluation of timed insemination during summer heat stress in lactating dairy cattle; We wished to compare the effect of summer heat stress on pregnancy rate in cows that were inseminated at a set interval associated with a synchronized ovulation vs whose inseminated upon routine estrus detection. The study was carried out on a commercial dairy farm in Florida from May to September 1995. Lactating dairy cows were given PGF(2 alpha) (25 mg im) at 30 + 3 d postpartum and randomly assigned to be inseminated at a set time (Timed group) or when estrus was detected (Control group). Cows in the Timed group were synchronized by sequential administration of Buserelin (8 mu g im) on Day 0 at 1600 h, PGF(2 alpha) (25 mg im) on Day 7 at 1600 h and Buserelin (8 mu g im) on Day 9 at 1600 h. They were inseminated on Day 10 between 0800 and 0900 h (Day 9 + 16 h). Cows in the Control group were given PGF(2 alpha) at 57 + 3 d postpartum and inseminated when detected in estrus. Estrus detection or insemination rate for control insemination cows was 18.1 +/- 2.5% versus 100% for time inseminated cows (P < 0.01). Mean interval from PGF(2 alpha) to insemination was shorter for time inseminated cows (3 +/- 2.1 d < 35.5 +/- 1.9 d; P < 0.01). Pregnancy rate was greater for time inseminated cows (13.9 +/- 2.6 > 4.8 +/- 2.5%; P < 0.01) as was overall pregnancy rate by 120 d postpartum (27.0 +/- 3.6 > 16.5 +/- 3.5%; P < 0.05). Number of days open for cows conceiving by 120 d postpartum was less for time inseminated cows (77.6 +/- 3.8 < 90.0 +/- 4.2 d; P < 0.05), as was interval to first service (58.7 +/- 2.1 < 91.0 +/- 1.9 d; P < 0.01). Services per conception were greater for time inseminated cows (1.63 +/- 0.10 > 1.27 +/- 0.11, P < 0.05). The timed insemination program did improve group reproductive performance. However, the timed insemination program will not protect the embryo from temperature-induced embryonic mortality, but management limitations induced by heat stress on estrus detection are eliminated. An economical evaluation of the timed insemination program indicates an increase in net revenue per cow with implementation tof timed insemination for first service during the summer months. (C) 1998 by Elsevier Science Inc.
A randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study to assess 5% imiquimod cream for the treatment of multiple actinic keratoses; Background: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are precancerous epidermal lesions found most frequently on areas of the skin exposed to the sun. Several case studies published recently have indicated that 5% imiquimod cream, currently licensed for the treatment of genital warts, may be an effective treatment for AK.
Morbidity in Swedish dairy calves from birth to 90 days of age and individual calf-level risk factors for infectious diseases; The health of 3081 heifer calves born in 122 dairy herds in the south-west of Sweden from 1 January to 31 December, 1998, was monitored from birth until 90 days of age. The calves were kept either in individual pens (n = 2167), in group pens, with 3-8 calves to a pen and manual feeding of milk (n = 440), in group pens with 6-30 calves per pen and an automatic milk-feeding system (n = 431), or with their dams (n = 43). Disease incidence was recorded by farmers and project veterinarians, who clinically examined the calves and auscultated their lungs every 2-3 months. A disease was graded as 'severe' if the general loss of condition or of appetite in the calf continued for >2 days or if the animal suffered severe weight loss due to the disease. The effects of season, breed, housing, and type of colostrum feeding, and time, place and supervision of calving on the incidences of diarrhea, severe diarrhea, respiratory disease, other infectious disease and moderately to severely increased respiratory sounds, were analyzed by logistic-regression models (with herd as a random effect). The total morbidity rate was 0.081 cases per calf-month at risk. Incidence rates of arthritis, diarrhea, omphalophlebitis, respiratory disease and ringworm were 0.002, 0.035, 0.005, 0.025 and 0.009 cases per calf-months at risk, respectively. The odds ratios for diarrhea and severe diarrhea were increased in Swedish Red and Whites (OR: 1.6, 2.3) and in calves that received colostrum from first-lactation cows (OR: 1.3-1.8), and for severe diarrhea in calves born in summer or that received colostrum through suckling (OR: 1.7, 1.8). The odds ratios for respiratory disease and increased respiratory sounds were increased in calves housed in large-group pens with an automatic milk-feeding system (OR: 2.2, 2.8). Supervision of calving was associated with a decreased odds ratio for respiratory disease (OR: 0.7) and birth in individual maternity pen or tie stalls with a decreased odds ratio for increased respiratory sounds (OR: 0.5-0.6). Cross-breeds with beef breeds were associated with increased odds ratios for increased respiratory sounds (OR: 2.1-4.3) and colostrum from second-lactation cows and irt during night or other infectious disease (OR: 1.6, 1.5). (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Keratin-based topical cream for radiation dermatitis during head and neck radiotherapy: a randomised, open-label pilot study; Introduction: Radiation dermatitis (RD) is a frequent toxicity during radiotherapy (RT) for head and neck cancer (HNC). We report the first use of KeraStat (R) Cream (KC), a topical, keratin-based wound dressing, in patients with HNC receiving RT.Methods: This pilot study randomized HNC patients treated with definitive or postoperative RT (>= 60 Gy) to KC or standard of care (SOC), applied at least twice daily during and for 1-month after RT. Outcomes of interest included adherence to the assigned regimen (at least 10 applications per week of treatment), clinician- and patient-reported RD, and skin-related quality of life.Results: 24 patients were randomized and completed the study. Most patients had stage III-IV disease and oropharynx cancer. Median RT dose was 68 Gy; the bilateral neck was treated in 19 patients, and 18 patients received concurrent chemotherapy. Complete adherence was observed in 7/12 (SOC) vs. 10/12 (KC, p = 0.65). Adherence by patient-week was 61/68 versus 64/67, respectively (p = 0.20). No differences in RD were observed between groups.Conclusion: A randomized trial of KC versus SOC in HNC patients treated with RT is feasible with good adherence to study agent. An adequately powered randomized study is warranted to test the efficacy of KC in reducing RD.
A randomized, multiple-dose parallel study to compare the pharmacokinetic parameters of synthetic conjugated estrogens, A, administered as oral tablet or vaginal cream; Objective: A randomized, parallel-design study was conducted to determine the pharmacokinetic profile of synthetic conjugated estrogens A (SCE-A) vaginal cream (0.625 mg SCE-A/g) when administered at intervals (1 g once daily for 7 d, then twice weekly) over a 27-day period as compared with the pharmacokinetic profile of 0.3 mg SCE-A tablets administered once daily orally for 27 days.
Supportive treatments and whey proteins in cancer patients; In the treatment of neoplastic patients many toxicities caused by chemo or radiotherapy are related to the formation of free radicals and to the oxidative stress and have been treated with antioxidants products. Besides some vitamins (A, E, C, carotenoids, etc) few specific antioxidants are used in the supportive treatment in medical oncology: amifostine, dexrazoxane, sodium 2-sulfanylethanesulfonate (MESNA), glutathione (GSH). The aminoacids included in the milk whey proteins (cysteine and glutamic acid) as precursors of GSH can increase the tissue concentration of GSH, stimulate the immunologic system, detoxify potential carcinogens and neutralize the Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS). The milk proteins are used in the supportive treatment of the neoplastic patient especially for the antioxidants properties of GSH. A whey protein concentrate supplemented with a high content of cysteine and glutamic acid, as precursors of GSH, given to breast cancer patients under chemo or radiotherapy, has led to an increase of BAP test (plasma anti-oxidant capacity) and of d-ROMs test (plasma oxidant capacity). Cysteine as precursor of milk proteins as well as of GSH may also be considered an important agent in the supportive treatment of neoplastic cachexia. We still need controlled clinical trials and reliable guide lines in order to use natural or pharmaceutical supplements in medical oncology.
Herd-level economic analysis of the impact of paratuberculosis on dairy herds; Objective-To perform a herd-level analysis of economic losses associated with paratuberculosis in dairy herds.
Including pork in the Mediterranean diet for an Australian population: Protocol for a randomised controlled trial assessing cardiovascular risk and cognitive function; Background: The Mediterranean diet is characterised by the high consumption of extra virgin olive oil, fruits, vegetables, grains, legumes and nuts; moderate consumption of fish, poultry, eggs and dairy; and low consumption of red meat and sweets. Cross sectional, longitudinal and intervention studies indicate that a Mediterranean diet may be effective for the prevention of cardiovascular disease and dementia. However, previous research suggests that an Australian population may find red meat restrictions difficult, which could affect long term sustainability of the diet.
Traditional camel calf management and milking practices in Somali regional state of Ethiopia; The study was undertaken in the 5 randomly selected districts of Afder zone in which 15 households were selected from each districts and total 75 households were selected. The study revealed that immediate postnatal care is needed to check calf mortality. About 38% of respondents ranked 111 order of importance to remove covering membrane to the new born calf after birth. On other hand, about 24% ranked I-st to place the calf in front of the dams. The practice to air ear/nose to protect suffocations, by beat chest of newborn, to stretch limbs with number of times and placing the calf under tree to get shade were important steps taken by respondents. Isolating the newborn calves with their dams from rest of herd during the first week of calves lives was widely practiced. This period was locally called life training period which varied from 7 to 30 days. The camel calves started to browse/graze at the age of 20 to 60 days. Fostering were practices to maintain lactation and to prevent dams from drying. Female calves born were allowed to live without any selection. However, owners practice continuous selection of male calves for breeding purposes. The final Selection was done at the age of 2-3 years. Male calves culling were mainly practised due to unwanted breeding (15.2 to 60%) drought constraints (70.0 to 73.3%) and weakness and diseases (13.4 to 20.0%). The mean weaning age of studied herds was almost two years. Early weaning was reported to cause weakness and ill health to calves (64%) and retarded growth (80%). Camel owners adopted several pre and pest-colostrum steps. Although camel owners believed that first colostrum sessions was dangerous to the health of newborn they delayed calves suckling for this purpose but again they were aware the usefulness of colostrum to help the newborn calves.. About 57, 33.3, 53.3, 53.3 and 53.3% of Jarati, Hargelle, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively suggested that colostrum helps calves to growth and its causes beautifulness of calves. Again 14.3, 20.0, 6.7, 6.7 and 6.7 of Jarati, Hargelle, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively suggested that colostrum gives ability to resist diseases. On other hand, during dry season calves were reported to face serious milk competition from household members.
Effect of cytomegalovirus infection status on first-year mortality rates among orthotopic liver transplant recipients; Background: To reduce the mortality rate associated with liver transplantation, it is important to identify the risk factors for increased mortality among liver transplant recipients. It has been suggested that cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection is one such risk factor, but no studies have examined mortality rates associated with the CMV serologic status of the donor and recipient by using multivariate techniques.
Increased dietary vitamin D3 and calcium partially alleviate heat stress symptoms and inflammation in lactating Holstein cows independent of dietary concentrations of vitamin E and selenium; Twelve multiparous Holstein cows (42.2 & PLUSMN; 5.6 kg of milk/d; 83 & PLUSMN; 27 d in milk) were used in a split-plot de-sign testing the effects of mineral and vitamin supple-mentation on the time course of animal performance, metabolism, and inflammation markers during heat stress. The main plot was the average concentrations of dietary vitamin E and Se (adequate: 11.1 IU/kg of vitamin E and 0.55 mg/kg of Se, and high: 223 IU/ kg of vitamin E and 1.8 mg/kg of Se, respectively). Within each plot, cows were randomly assigned to (1) heat stress (HS) with adequate concentrations of vita-min D3 and Ca (1,012 IU/kg and 0.73%, respectively), (2) HS with high concentrations of vitamin D3 and Ca (HS+D3/Ca; 3,764 IU/kg and 0.97%, respectively), or (3) pair-feeding (PF) in thermoneutrality with adequate concentrations of vitamin D3 and Ca (1,012 IU/kg and 0.73% Ca) in a Latin square design with 14-d periods and 7-d washouts. The highest rectal temperature was recorded at 1700 h for HS (39.4 & DEG;C; mean of d 1 to 14), being 1.2 and 0.8 & DEG;C greater than for PF and HS+D3/ Ca, respectively. Respiratory rate and water intake were higher in HS (73 breaths/min and 115 L/d, re-spectively) relative to PF (28 breaths/min and 76 L/d). Heat stress decreased dry matter intake progressively, reaching a nadir on d 5 to 7 (33% reduction) and was not different between treatments. Milk yield decreased progressively in all treatments, but remained greater in PF relative to HS from d 3 to 14 (10%), whereas HS and HS+D3/Ca were not different. Milk fat, protein, and lactose concentrations and yields were lower in HS relative to PF from d 3 to 14, but not different between HS and HS+D3/Ca. Relative to PF, preprandial insulin concentrations were increased in HS, whereas plasma nonesterified fatty acids were decreased on d 7 and 14. Plasma lipopolysaccharide-binding protein concentra-tions increased in HS cows on d 7 and 14, respectively, relative to PF, whereas they were reduced in HS + D3/ Ca on d 14. Plasma C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-& alpha;, and fecal calprotectin were increased in HS relative to both PF and HS+D3/Ca on d 7 and 14. Rec-tal temperature was positively associated with plasma lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (r = 0.72), tumor necrosis factor-& alpha; (r = 0.74), C-reactive protein (r = 0.87), and with milk somatic cells (r = 0.75). Plasma 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine concentrations presented a 3-way interaction, where 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine was lower in HS than in PF on d 7 and 14, and lower in HS+D3/Ca relative to HS on d 14 in the adequate vita-min E and Se treatment, but no effects were observed in the high vitamin E and Se group. Plasma superoxide dismutase concentrations increased over time, and were higher in HS relative to PF on d 14, whereas HS+D3/ Ca was similar to HS. Heat stress markedly reduced milk production and milk components while increasing markers of leaky gut and inflammation. In contrast, vi-tamin D3 and Ca supplementation reduced hyperther-mia (d 7-14), markers of leaky gut, and inflammation independent of dietary concentrations of vitamin E and Se.
Investigating nutritional strategies during a rest period to improve health, growth, and behavioral outcomes of transported surplus dairy calves; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of feeding surplus dairy calves a milk replacer (MR) or one of 2 different oral rehydration solutions (ORS) during a midtransportation rest period on metabolic and clinical health indicators, growth, and behavioral outcomes after arrival at a calf-raising facility. Surplus dairy calves (n = 128) were transported in 4 cohorts from February to July 2022 for 12 h to a holding facility, rested for 8 h, then transported for an additional 6 h to a calf-raising facility. Upon arrival at the holding facility, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: MR (n = 43), a high-sodium ORS developed for diarrhea (ORS-D; n = 43), or a high-potassium ORS developed for transportation (ORS-T; n = 42). The exact age of calves at transportation was unknown; however, all calves were less than 14 d of age. Calf BW at enrollment was 43.9 +/- 5.9 kg, 43.7 +/- 6.5 kg, and 45.0 +/- 4.5 kg for calves fed MR, ORS-D, and ORS-T, respectively. Calves were fed 2.0 L of their treatment twice, once upon arrival and once before leaving the holding facility. At unloading and reloading at the holding facility, calves were weighed and blood samples were obtained. Calves were also health scored at unloading at the holding facility. After arrival at the calf-raising facility, calves were weighed, health scored, and blood samples were taken. Blood samples were collected at 24 and 48 h and BW was recorded at 24 h, 48 h, 72 h, 5 d, 7 d, 14 d, and at 8 wk after arrival at the calf-raising facility. Calves were also health scored daily for 14 d; health scoring included fecal consistency scoring and evaluating the presence or absence of respiratory disease. Lying time, lying bouts, and activity index were measured during transportation and from 3 d relative to transportation using accelerometers. At arrival to the calf-raiser, calves fed ORS-D had higher concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and BHB than calves fed MR. Furthermore, calves fed ORST had higher concentrations of BHB at arrival to the calf raiser compared with calves fed MR. In the 14 d after arrival at the calf-raiser, there was evidence that calves fed ORS-T had a higher proportion of days with diarrhea and respiratory disease compared with those fed MR. During transportation, calves fed ORS-T had a lower activity index than calves fed MR, suggesting that ORS-T calves had lower overall activity. In addition, on the day of transportation (d 0), ORS-T and ORS-D calves had a lower activity index than calves fed MR. There were no treatment effects on growth outcomes. The results of this study suggest that feeding MR rather than an ORS during a midtransportation rest period could minimize fat mobilization and can potentially improve diarrhea and respiratory disease but does not affect growth outcomes after arrival at calf-raisers.
Effect of milk fat on LDL cholesterol and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy humans: the INNOVALAIT project; Background Milk has a specific saturated fatty acid profile and its calcium content may change the kinetics of fat absorption. Objective The goal of this study was to compare the effect on LDL Cholesterol and other risk markers of four isolipidic diets differing by their fat food source, vegetable fat, spring milk fat, winter milk fat or winter milk fat supplemented with calcium, in healthy moderately hypercholesterolemic humans. Individuals and methods This double-blind, randomized trial with four parallel arms included 172 healthy adults with plasma LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) from 130 to 220 mg/dL and triglycerides below 300 mg/dL. Individual meal plans ensured a stable energy intake. In the three diets containing milk fat, milk fat provided 38% of energy. Vegetable fat and spring milk fat diets provided the same amount of saturated fatty acids while the winter milk fat diets were slightly richer in saturated fatty acids. Vegetable fat diet and winter milk fat diets provided the same amount of palmitic acid (7.0% EI), while the spring milk fat diet was slightly poorer in this fatty acid (5.1% EI). Cardiovascular risk markers were analyzed after 8 weeks of dietary intervention. Results There was no significant difference in LDL-C and other markers, except total cholesterol (TC), apo C3 and CRP. TC was significantly higher with spring milk fat than with vegetable fat. Conclusions In this trial, the chosen vegetable fat did not have a significant beneficial effect on LDL-C compared to dairy fat. However, sub-group analysis showed differences in TC, apo C3 and CRP. These results need confirmation and long-term studies aiming at cardiovascular endpoints are warranted.
Effect of topical application of melatonin cream 12.5% on cognitive parameters: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study in healthy volunteers; Background: Skin cancer is an increasing problem in modern dermatology. Earlier studies have shown protective effects against ultraviolet radiation (UVR)-induced skin damage by topical treatment with melatonin. However, the potential sedative effects of full body topical application of melatonin have never been investigated. Objectives The aim of this study was to assess the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using melatonin cream as full body topical application. Methods: In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study in healthy volunteers, the degree of cognitive dysfunction when using cream containing 12.5% melatonin as full body application was assessed. A group of ten volunteers had melatonin cream 12.5% applied on 80% of their body surface area, and degree of cognitive dysfunction was assessed using a test battery consisting of Karolinska sleepiness scale (KSS), Finger tapping test (FTT) and Continuous Reaction time (CRT). Results: No significant effects on cognitive parameters were found. However, great inter-individual variations on cognitive parameters were observed. Conclusion: This study was the first to assess degree of cognitive dysfunction resulting from application of melatonin cream on a full body surface area. The results support that melatonin is a safe drug for dermal application even in a high dosage.
COMPARISON BETWEEN MILK DEPRIVATION AND ORAL REHYDRATION WITH A GLUCOSE-GLYCINE-ELECTROLYTE FORMULATION IN DIARRHEIC AND TRANSPORTED CALVES; Treatment of diarrheic calves by oral administration of a glucose-glycine-electrolyte solution (GGES) was compared with milk deprivation (water given instead) and with no treatment (milk-fed controls). The diarrhea followed challenge with enteropathogenic Escherichia coli. The GGES group showed a significantly lower mortality (5%) in comparison with the controls (37%). The milk-deprived group had a slightly lower mortality (30%) in comparison with the controls. The milk deprived group showed a significantly prolonged duration of diarrhea in survivors compared with the control group; the GGES group did not differ significantly from the controls. Calves arriving on farms were allocated randomly to either GGES or to an alternative control treatment (usually partial milk deprivation). The incidence of diarrhea during the subsequent 2 wk was significantly less in the GGES group. Clotting of milk by rennet was impaired by dilution with either water or an electrolyte solution but was enhanced by dilution with GGES.
Is replacing red meat with other protein sources associated with lower risks of coronary heart disease and all-cause mortality? A meta-analysis of prospective studies; Context A high amount of red meat consumption has been associated with higher risks of coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality in a single food-exposure model. However, this model may overlook the potentially differential influence of red meat on these outcomes depending on the foods replaced by red meat. Objective A PRISMA-compliant meta-analysis of prospective observational studies was performed to quantify the risks of CHD and all-cause mortality associated with the replacement of total, unprocessed, or processed red meat with fish/seafood, poultry, dairy, eggs, nuts, and legumes. Data sources The PubMed and Web of Science databases were searched to identify relevant articles published in any language from database inception to October 30, 2021. Data extraction The prospective observational studies were considered relevant if they reported relative risks (RRs) and 95%CIs for the associations of interest. Data analysis Thirteen articles were included. A random-effects model was used to estimate the summary RRs and 95%CIs for the associations of interest. Replacing total red meat with poultry (RR, 0.88, 95%CI, 0.82-0.96; I-2 = 0%), dairy (RR, 0.90, 95%CI, 0.88-0.92; I-2 = 0%), eggs (RR, 0.86, 95%CI, 0.79-0.94; I-2 = 7.1%), nuts (RR, 0.84, 95%CI, 0.74-0.95; I-2 = 66.8%), or legumes (RR, 0.84, 95%CI, 0.74-0.95; I-2 = 7.3%) was associated with a lower risk of CHD, whereas substituting fish/seafood (RR, 0.91, 95%CI, 0.79-1.04; I-2 = 69.5%) for total red meat was not associated with the risk of CHD. The replacement of total red meat with fish/seafood (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.89-0.96; I-2 = 86.9%), poultry (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.90-0.95; I-2 = 61.6%), eggs (RR, 0.91, 95%CI, 0.87-0.95; I-2 = 33.8%), or nuts (RR, 0.92, 95%CI, 0.87-0.97; I-2 = 81.9%) was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality, whereas the substitution of dairy (RR, 0.97, 95%CI, 0.93-1.01; I-2 = 33.9%) or legumes (RR, 0.97, 95%CI, 0.93-1.01; I-2 = 53.5%) for total red meat was not associated with the risk of all-cause mortality. Lower risks of CHD and all-cause mortality were more consistently observed for processed red meat replacements than for unprocessed red meat replacements. The results did not materially change when the analyses of total, processed, and unprocessed red meat were restricted to the studies that used a uniform substitution amount per unit of 1 serving/d. Conclusion Keeping red meat, particularly processed red meat, consumption to a minimum along with increasing healthier alternative protein sources to replace red meat in the diet may contribute to the prevention of CHD and premature death. Systematic review registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42021259446.
Effect of plasma urea-N concentration on fertility in a Holstein-Friesian dairy herd; The objectives of this study were to relate the concentrations of plasma urea nitrogen (UN) to pregnancy rate in dairy cows. The cows were grouped, according to their production level and feed rations according to the NRC recommendations for essential nutrients, Holstein-Friesian dairy cows (n=103), randomly selected, were inseminated between Days 39 and 410 after calving. The cows were separated into two groups, where Group 1, was treated with GnRH i.m. injection on Day 12 after At. Group 2, was not treated and served as a control group.
Lactase persistence and bitter taste response: Instrumental variables and Mendelian randomization in epidemiologic studies of dietary factors and cancer risk; Consumption of dairy products seems to increase the risk of cancer at several sites, while intake of cruciferous,vegetables could have protective effects. However, these dietary intakes are subject to measurement error, and associations with cancer could be due to confounders. Mendelian randomization has been suggested as a way to overcome confounding by exploiting the random allocation of alleles from parents to offspring. In mid-2006, the authors conducted a study of allele frequencies for the lactase (LCT) and taste receptor, type 2, member 38 (TAS2R38) genes, including 634 volunteers recruited (1992-1998) from the Italian branch of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. The authors hypothesized that there would be a lower milk intake among carriers of the LCT CC genotype and a different intake of cruciferous vegetables among carriers of the TAS2R38 variant. Overall, the frequency of the LCTT allele was higher in northern Italy than in southern Italy. Food intake was associated with gene variants. An association was evident for ice cream and LCTvariants (p = 0.004); less so for milk intake. In addition, the TAS2R38 variant showed a geographic gradient and an association with cruciferous vegetable intake. These results suggest that the LCT and TAS2R38 variants are good candidates for Mendelian randomization studies of cancer and other health outcomes.
Prevalence of lactose intolerance (by self-report) in adults and their dietary adaptations; Lactose intolerance occurs when individuals who have an inefficient lactose digestion manifest symptom such as colic, pain, bloating or diarrhea when consuming milk and / or milk products. In North American countries, the prevalence of self-reported lactose intolerance is between 11% and 16%. Similar data for Brazil is not available. Objective: To evaluate the prevalence of lactose intolerance in the adult population by self-report and to examine their dietary adaptations. Method: cross-sectional study with individuals, randomly selected, invited to answer a questionnaire. Results: The overall prevalence of self-reported lactose intolerance was 32.3% (n = 67). Of the total sample of individuals considered to be lactose intolerant, 92.5% (n = 62) were women and 7.5% (n = 5) were men. Most (97%) reduce or eliminate dairy products from their eating routine and less than 3% do not make this change. Conclusion: The prevalence of self-reported lactose intolerance was considerably higher than that reported in other studies, almost 1 in 3 Brazilian adults believe to be lactose intolerant, and many have limited their intake of milk and dairy products. It is important that health professionals advise individuals with self-reporting or diagnosis about an appropriate food intake to avoid nutritional deficiencies.
Diet in Acne: Further Evidence for the Role of Nutrient Signalling in Acne Pathogenesis; Recent evidence underlines the role of Western diet in the pathogenesis of acne. Acne is absent in populations consuming Palaeolithic diets with low glycaemic load and no consumption of milk or dairy products. Two randomized controlled studies, one of which is presented in this issue of Acta Dermato-Venereologica, have provided evidence for the beneficial therapeutic effects of low glycaemic load diets in acne. Epidemiological evidence confirms that milk consumption has an acne-promoting or acne-aggravating effect. Recent progress in understanding the nutrient-sensitive kinase mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) allows a new view of nutrient signalling in acne by both high glycaemic load and increased insulin-, IGF-1-, and leucine signalling due to milk protein consumption. Acne should be regarded as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization, like obesity, type 2 diabetes and cancer induced by Western diet. Early dietary counselling of teenage acne patients is thus a great opportunity for dermatology, which will not only help to improve acne but may reduce the long-term adverse effects of Western diet on more serious mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization.
Overcoming the barrier of lactose intolerance to reduce health disparities; Federal health goals for the public have focused on reducing health disparities that exist between whites and various racial and ethnic groups. Many of the chronic diseases for which African Americans are at greater risk-hypertension, stroke, colon cancer, and obesity-may be exacerbated by a low intake of calcium and/or other dairy-related nutrients. For example, a low intake of dairy food nutrients, such as calcium, potassium, and magnesium, may contribute to the high risk of hypertension seen in African Americans. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study demonstrated that a low-fat diet rich in fruits and vegetables (8 to 10 servings) and low-fat dairy foods (3 servings) significantly reduced blood pressure-and was twice as effective in African-American participants. Calcium and dairy food consumption is particularly low among African-American, Hispanic. and Asian populations. Average intakes are near the threshold of 600 to 700 mg/day, below which bone loss and hypertension can result. Although lactose intolerance may be partly to blame for the low calcium intakes due to reduced dairy food consumption by minority populations, culturally determined food preferences and dietary practices learned early in life also play a role. The high incidence figures for primary lactose maldigestion among minority groups grossly overestimates the number who will experience intolerance symptoms after drinking a glass of milk with a meal. Randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated that by using a few simple dietary strategies, those who maldigest lactose (have low levels of the lactose enzyme) can easily tolerate a dairy-rich diet that meets calcium intake recommendations. Physicians and other health professionals can help their minority patients and the general public understand how to improve calcium nutrition by overcoming the surmountable barrier of lactose intolerance. At the some time they will be helping to reduce the incidence of calcium-related chronic diseases for which minority populations are at high risk.
Rectal microbiomes and serum metabolomics reveal the improved effect of <i>Artemisia ordosica</i> crude polysaccharides on the lactation performance, antioxidant status, and immune responses of lactating donkeys; This study is aimed at investigating the effects of dietary supplementation with Artemisia ordosica crude polysaccharides (AOCP) on lactation performance, antioxidant status, and immune status of lactating donkeys and analyzing rectal microbiomes and serum metabolomes. Fourteen lactating Dezhou donkeys with similar age (6.16 +/- 0.67 yr of BW +/- SD), weight (250.06 +/- 25.18 kg), DIM (39.11 +/- 7.42 d), and average parity of 3 were randomly allocated into 2 treatments: a control group (CON, basal diet) and an AOCP group (AOCP, basal diet with 1.0 g/kg DM AOCP). Ten weeks were allotted for the experiment, 2 wk for adaptation, and 8 wk for collecting data and samples. The results showed that supplementation of donkey diets with AOCP increased lactation performance, including DMI, milking yield, estimated milk yield, solids-corrected milk, ECM, milk fat yield, milk protein yield, milk lactose yield, milk TS yield, and milk SNF yield. The digestibility of DM, CP, ADF, and NDF was increased in the AOCP group compared with the CON group. The AOCP group increased the concentrations of IgA, IgG, and IgM, the activities of the superoxide dismutase, catalase, and total antioxidant capacity in the serum. Artemisia ordosica crude polysaccharides decreased the concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, nitric oxide, reactive oxygen species, and malondialdehyde in the serum. Compared with the CON group, AOCP increased propionate, butyrate, isovalerate, and total VFA concentrations in rectal feces (P P < 0.05). The addition of AOCP to increased diversity (Shannon index) and altered structure of the rectal microflora. As a result of AOCP supplementation, there has been a significant improvement in the colonization of beneficial bacteria, including Lactobacillus, , Unclassified_f_Prevotellacea, , Ruminococcus, , and Fibrobacter genera. In contrast, a decrease in the colonization of the Clostridium_sensu_ stricto_1 bacterial genus and other pathogenic bacteria was observed. Meanwhile, metabolomics analysis found that AOCP supplementation upregulated metabolites l-tyrosine content while downregulating 9(S)-HODE, choline, sucrose, lysophosphatidylcholine (LysoPC) (18:0), LysoPC (18:1(9Z)), and LysoPC (20:2(11Z,14Z)) concentrations. These altered metabolites were involved in the PPAR signaling pathway, prolactin signaling pathway, glycerophospholipid metabolism, carbohydrate digestion and absorption, and tyrosine metabolism pathways, which were mainly related to antioxidant capacity, immune responses, and protein metabolism in the lactating donkeys. As a consequence of feeding AOCP diets, beneficial bacteria were abundant, and antioxidant and protein metabolism-related pathways were enriched, which may enhance lactation performance in donkeys. Therefore, supplementing AOCP diets is a desirable dietary strategy to improve donkey health and lactation performance.
A new passive immune strategy based on IgY antibodies as a key element to control neonatal calf diarrhea in dairy farms; BackgroundNeonatal diarrhea remains one of the main causes of morbi-mortality in dairy calves under artificial rearing. It is often caused by infectious agents of viral, bacterial, or parasitic origin. Cows vaccination and colostrum intake by calves during the first 6h of life are critical strategies to prevent severe diarrhea but these are still insufficient. Here we report the field evaluation of a product based on IgY antibodies against group A rotavirus (RVA), coronavirus (CoV), enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli, and Salmonella sp. This product, named IgY DNT, has been designed as a complementary passive immunization strategy to prevent neonatal calf diarrhea. The quality of the product depends on the titers of specific IgY antibodies to each antigen evaluated by ELISA. In the case of the viral antigens, ELISA antibody (Ab) titers are correlated with protection against infection in calves experimentally challenged with RVA and CoV (Bok M, et al., Passive immunity to control bovine coronavirus diarrhea in a dairy herd in Argentina, 2017), (Vega C, et al., Vet Immunol Immunopathol, 142:156-69, 2011), (Vega C, et al., Res Vet Sci, 103:1-10, 2015). To evaluate the efficiency in dairy farms, thirty newborn Holstein calves were randomly assigned to IgY DNT or control groups and treatment initiated after colostrum intake and gut closure. Calves in the IgY DNT group received 20g of the oral passive treatment in 2L of milk twice a day during the first 2 weeks of life. Animals were followed until 3 weeks of age and diarrhea due to natural exposure to infectious agents was recorded during all the experimental time.ResultsResults demonstrate that the oral administration of IgY DNT during the first 2 weeks of life to newborn calves caused a delay in diarrhea onset and significantly reduced its severity and duration compared with untreated calves. Animals treated with IgY DNT showed a trend towards a delay in RVA infection with significantly shorter duration and virus shedding compared to control calves.ConclusionsThis indicates that IgY DNT is an effective product to complement current preventive strategies against neonatal calf diarrhea in dairy farms. Furthermore, to our knowledge, this is the only biological product available for the prevention of virus-associated neonatal calf diarrhea.
The Effect of Feeding Alfalfa and Barley in Comparison with Different Dietary Composition of Total Mixed Rations on Milk Composition and Growth of Najdi Lambs; A field experiment was conducted to investigate the lambing rate, lamb growth and survivability of newborn lambs of pregnant Najdi ewes fed two different total mixed rations (TMR) with different levels of energy and protein viz. higher protein than recommended by National Research Council (1985; TMR1), and higher energy than National Research Council (1985; TMR2) compared with the traditional feeding system of barley and alfalfa hay; Control). A total of 96 Najdi ewes, about nine months old, were divided randomly into three dietary treatments two months before parturition (Late gestation). Lambing percentage, lamb birth weight, lamb weaning weight and mortality rate were recorded. Blood samples were collected regularly during the different stages and analyzed for different important nutritional metabolites. In addition, colostrum, at parturition, and milk samples on day 30, 60 and 90 postpartum were collected for nutrient contents. The results showed an improvement in lambing rate of ewes in T1 and T2 (81 and 80%, respectively) compared to the control (78.8%). Moreover, ewes in T2 showed higher lambs survival rate and average daily gain up to 90 days. There was no significant effect (P>0.05) of treatments on the colostrum composition but milk composition altered by the time interval. Blood metabolites did not vary among the groups, however, urea concentration was significantly (P<0.05) in the T1 and T2 groups. In conclusion, feeding Najdi ewes a diet containing higher energy and protein than recommended by National Research Council (1985), in comparison with the traditional feeding system, improved the lambing rate and growth of the newborns.
Modulation of Fecal Metabolites by Heat Stress and Diet, and Their Association with Inflammation and Leaky Gut Markers in Dairy Cows; The analysis of fecal metabolite profiles could provide novel insights into the mechanisms underlying animal responses to environmental stressors and diet. We aimed to evaluate the effects of a 14-day heat stress period and of dietary mineral and vitamin supplementation under heat stress on fecal metabolite profiles and to investigate their associations with physiological markers of heat stress, leaky gut, and inflammation in lactating dairy cows. Twelve multiparous Holstein cows (42.2 +/- 5.6 kg milk/d; 83.4 +/- 27.1 DIM) were enrolled in an experiment in a split-plot design. The main plot was the level of dietary vitamin E and Se, as follows: (1) low (L-ESe; 20 IU/kg vitamin E, 0.3 ppm Se) or (2) high (H-ESe 200 IU/kg vitamin E, 1.2 ppm Se). Within each plot, six cows were randomly assigned to either (1) heat stress (HS; Total Humidity Index (THI): 82), (2) pair-feeding in thermoneutrality (TNPF; THI = 64), or (3) HS with vitamin D-3 and Ca supplementation (HS+DCa; 1820 IU/kg and 1.5% Ca; THI: 82) in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design with 14-day periods and 7-day washouts. The concentrations of 94 metabolites were determined in fecal samples, including amino acids, fatty acids, biogenic amines, and vitamins. Relative to the L-ESe group, the H-ESe group increased alpha-tocopherol by threefold, whereas delta-tocopherol was decreased by 78% (P-FDR < 0.01). Nevertheless, correlation analysis between alpha-tocopherol and all the others fecal metabolites or physiological heat stress measures did not show significant associations. No interactions between main plot and treatments were observed. Relative to TNPF, HS increased plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), plasma lipopolysaccharide-binding protein (LBP), milk somatic cell counts (SCC), respiratory rates, rectal temperatures, fecal tridecylic and myristic acids, vitamin B-7, and retinol, whereas it decreased fecal amino acids such as histidine, methyl histidine, acetyl ornithine, and arginine (P-FDR < 0.05). In contrast, HS+DCa increased fecal methyl histidine concentrations and reduced milk SCC, plasma TNF-alpha, and LBP, as well as rectal temperatures. Discriminant analysis revealed fecal histidine, taurine, acetyl ornithine, arginine, beta-alanine, ornithine, butyric + iso-butyric acid, plasma non-esterified fatty acids, TNF-alpha, LBP, C-reactive protein, and milk SCC were predictive of HS. Several metabolites were predictive of HS+DCa, although only tryptophan was discriminant relative to HS. In conclusion, both heat stress and the supplementation of vitamin D-3 and Ca can influence the fecal metabolome of dairy cows experiencing heat stress, independently of dietary levels of vitamin E and Se. Our results suggest that some fecal metabolites are well associated with physiological measures of heat stress and may thus provide insights into the gut-level changes taking place under heat stress in dairy cows.
Embryonic mortality and luteal profile in buffaloes administered GnRH at the onset of estrus or hCG 5 days after AI; The aim of the present trial was to test the effects of 2 treatments in buffaloes, in an attempt to sustain the plasma progesterone and hence possibly reduce the embryonic mortality rates. Treatment I consisted of a GnRH i.m. injection (buserelin, 0.02 mg) at the onset of estrus and treatment 2 consisted of a 3000 IU hCG i.m. injection at day 5 after artificial insemination (AI). A set of 27 Murrah buffaloes from the same herd were assigned in different groups as: controls, GnRH and hCG. Buffaloes were inseminated 8-10 h after the onset of estrus and thereafter AI was repeated once or twice at 24 h interval based upon the occurrence of ovulation. Pregnancy status was assessed by transrectal ultrasonography at day 42 post-AI. Compared to controls, data of hCG group showed stimulation of luteal function without any reduction of the embryonic mortality rates, whereas data of GnRH group show less embryonic mortality rate without any stimulation of luteal functions.
Can pre-collected register data be used to identify dairy herds with good cattle welfare?; Background: Pre-recorded register data from dairy herds are available in almost all Nordic countries. These databases can be used for research purposes, and one of the research areas is animal welfare. The aim of this study was to investigate if pre-recorded register data could be used to identify herds with good welfare, and to investigate if a combination of register data sets could be used to be able to more correctly distinguish between herds with good welfare and herds with welfare deficiencies.
Four-Month Course of Soluble Milk Proteins Interacts With Exercise to Improve Muscle Strength and Delay Fatigue in Elderly Participants; Background: The benefit of protein supplementation on the adaptive response of muscle to exercise training in older people is controversial.
A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of the effect of testosterone cream on the sexual motivation of menopausal hysterectomized women with hypoactive sexual desire disorder; Objectives To assess the safety and efficacy of 10 mg topical testosterone therapy daily (2 cm Andro-Feme (R) cream) as a treatment for low sexual desire in postmenopausal hysterectomized women who were already on transdermal estrogen.
Yeast Colonization of Voice Prostheses: Pilot Study Investigating Effect of a Bovine Milk Product Containing Anti-<i>Candida albicans</i> Immunoglobulin A Antibodies on Yeast Colonization and Valve Leakage; Objectives: Our goals were to determine whether a bovine milk product containing anti-Candida albicans immunoglobulin A antibodies ("immune milk") could reduce the adherence of C albicans to voice prosthesis silicone in vitro, and whether administration of the milk could reduce C albicans colonization and voice prosthesis damage in vivo.
Intake of a protein-enriched milk and effects on muscle mass and strength. A 12-week randomized placebo controlled trial among community-dwelling older adults; To investigate the effect of 20 g protein with breakfast and evening meal on muscle mass, muscle strength and functional performance in older adults.
Vaccine field efficacy: A review of field efficacy reported for vaccine antigens used in beef cattle and dairy practice, 1996 to present; An evidence-based approach to design and recommendation of vaccination programs requires a thorough review of the peer-reviewed veterinary literature. Criteria for inclusion in this review are: inclusion of a valid concurrent control group, blinding of evaluators of subjective outcomes, randomization of experimental treatments, appropriate statistical methods, sufficient statistical power and external validity. Also, only those peer-reviewed articles that report clinically relevant outcomes, e.g. morbidity, mortality, average daily gain, feed efficiency, milk production, lameness, etc, are included in this review. Furthermore, only reports of field studies done in North America were included.
Efficacy and safety of chemopreventive agents on colorectal cancer incidence and mortality: systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background: Various interventions have been tested as primary prevention of colorectal cancers (CRC), but comprehensive evidence comparing them is absent. We examined the effects of various chemopreventive agents (CPAs) on CRC incidence and mortality.
Long-term high-concentrate diet feeding induces apoptosis of rumen epithelial cells and inflammation of rumen epithelium in dairy cows; The aim of the present study was to evaluate how long-term high-concentrate diet feeding affected rumen epithelium (RE) of dairy cows. So, 12 mid-lactating multiparous cows were divided into two groups randomly fed either with high-concentrate diet (HC, concentrate: forage = 6: 4) or low-concentrate diet (LC, concentrate: forage = 4:6) for 20 weeks. Remarkable upregulation of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) level and depress of pH in rumen fluid were induced by HC compared with LC group. mRNA abundance ofinterleukin-6(IL-6),interleukin-8(IL-8),C-C motif chemokine ligand 5(CCL5),caspase-3,caspase-8,andcaspase-9were elevated in RE of HC group compared with LC group. Greater protein abundance of phosphorylated NF-kappa B p65, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) was observed in RE of cows fed HC than that fed LC. Abundance of protein related to proapoptotic response (cytochrome c, BAX and caspase-3) in HC group was greater than that in LC group, while the abundance of anti-apoptotic factor protein (Bcl-2) was lower in HC group than LC group. Therefore, the present study demonstrated that long-term high-concentrate diet feeding upregulated LPS level in rumen fluid and induced the proinflammatory response in the rumen epithelium and apoptosis of rumen epithelial cells.
REDUCING PAIN DURING EMERGENCY ARTERIAL SAMPLING USING THREE ANESTHETIC METHODS: A RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED CLINICAL TRIAL; Background: Taking a sample of arterial blood is widely reported as a cause of significant pain. Objectives: To compare three anesthetic methods with standard practice (no anesthesia) to establish which was the most effective in reducing pain caused by radial artery puncture in patients requiring an arterial blood gas test in the emergency department (ED). Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted to compare the effectiveness between anesthetic cream, cryoanalgesia, and subcutaneous mepivacaine in reducing pain caused by radial artery puncture in ED patients. Results: After comparing perceived pain during arterial puncture, the lowest median score was obtained in the mepivacaine group (1 interquartile range 0.6-1.3) and the highest median score in the control group (5 interquartile range 4.0-7.0). When comparing the control group with the three intervention groups, the Kruskal-Wallis test showed that mepivacaine (p = 0.023) and cryoanalgesia (p = 0.012) were associated with significantly lower pain scores. The anesthetic cream (p = 0.861) intervention group did not produce a statistically significant median difference compared with the control group. Conclusions: The results of this study encourage the use of anesthetic methods like cryoanalgesia or mepivacaine for their proven effectiveness in reducing or eliminating pain during arterial puncture. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Probiotics in the Prevention of Colorectal Cancer; We review the most recent data generated by studies in animal models and clinical trials on the role of probiotics in preventing colorectal cancer and the mechanisms proposed. Reduction of colonic carcinogenesis has been attributed to controlling colorectal neoplastic progression via an increased proportion of bacteria with proinflammatory characteristics. Studies in humans have examined the effect of oral administration of yogurt supplemented with probiotics on intestinal microbiota associated with colorectal cancer. A significant decrease in these cells was reported in the probiotic treatment group but not in the milk control group, implying the potential of probiotics for eliminating microbiota associated with colorectal cancer. An intervention study undertaken in the pouches of patients with familial adenomatous polyposis showed decreased cell proliferation and increased detoxification capacity after treatment with probiotics and sulindac/inulin. This mechanism and others were demonstrated experimentally in animals using a rat colon cancer model to examine colorectal tumorigenesis and DNA damage. In the future, with growing understanding of the human microbiome, probiotics may serve as chemoprotective agents for the prevention of colorectal cancer. However, more clinical trials in humans are needed to assess their protective effect.
The role of unpasteurized "hawked" milk in the transmission of brucellosis in Eldoret municipality, Kenya; Background: Brucellosis is a zoonotic disease that continues to infect many people worldwide. Though its mortality rate is low, long convalescent periods associated with brucellosis translate into reduced socio-economic capacity of the people affected. Human brucellosis is mostly transmitted from animals. In Kenya, the prevalence of the disease has increased recently, along with the increased hawking of unpasteurized milk. The extent of the risk such raw milk poses to human health with respect to brucellosis is unknown. This study investigates the possibility of brucellosis being transmitted through unprocessed milk sold by hawkers in Eldoret municipality.
WEIGHT CHANGES OF MALE DAIRY CALVES FOLLOWING ZERANOL IMPLANTS; In a trial to determine the effect of zeranol implants on weight gains from birth to 180 days of age, 269 male Holstein calves were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 groups: 56 intact calves, 106 castrated calves implanted at birth and again at 90 days with 36 mg zeranol, and 107 castrated controls. All calves were weighed at 0, 28, 56, 90 and 180 days of age. Zeranol-implanted steers averaged 9.2% greater average daily gain at 90 days and 9.5% greater at the end of the trial than control steers. Intact male calves'' weight gains were intermediate between the 2 steer groups. There was no correlation between implant status, total protein of blood serum, mortality, birth weight, or parity of the dam. During the first 180 days of age, implanting Holstein calves with zeranol at birth and reimplanting at 90 days can produce a large return per investment.
Effect of lidocaine spray on reliving non-coring needle puncture-related pain in patients with totally implantable venous access port: a randomized controlled trial; PurposePatients with the placement of a totally implantable venous access port (TIVAP) commonly suffer from pain caused by inserting a non-coring needle. At present, lidocaine cream and cold spray are extensively used for pain management, but they are complex to manage in busy medical environments and developing countries. The lidocaine spray combines the analgesic effect of lidocaine cream and the rapid onset of cold spray, which can effectively alleviate the pain related to non-coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP. This randomized-controlled trial aimed to explore the effectiveness, acceptability, and safety of lidocaine spray in relieving the pain of non-coring needle puncture in patients with TIVAP.MethodsA total of 84 patients who were hospitalized in the oncology department of a Grade III Level-A hospital in Shanghai from January 2023 to March 2023 and were implanted with TIVAP and required non-coring needle puncture were selected as the study subjects. The recruited patients were randomly assigned to the intervention group and the control group (n=42). Before routine maintenance, the intervention group received lidocaine spray 5 min before disinfection, while the control group received water spray 5 min before disinfection. The main clinical outcome was pain, and the degree of puncture pain in both groups was evaluated using the visual analogue scale.ResultsThere were no significant differences between the two groups in age, gender, educational level, body mass index, port implantation time, and disease diagnosis (P>0.05). The pain score in the intervention and control groups was 15.12 & PLUSMN;6.61mm and 36.50 & PLUSMN;18.79mm, respectively (P<0.001). There were 2 (4.8%) patients with moderate pain in the intervention group and 18 (42.9%) patients with moderate pain in the control group (P<0.001). In the control group, 3 (7.1%) patients reported severe pain. The median comfortability score for the two groups of patients was 10, but there was a difference between the two groups (P<0.05) because the intervention group tilted to the right. The successful puncture rate of the first time puncture had no difference between the two groups, both being 100%. Moreover, 33 patients (78.6%) in the intervention group and 12 patients (28.6%) in the control group reported that they would choose the same spray for intervention in the future (P<0.001). During the 1 week of follow-up, 1 patient in the intervention group developed skin itching (P>0.05).ConclusionsThe local use of lidocaine spray in patients with TIVAP is effective, acceptable, and safe to alleviate the pain caused by non-coring needle puncture.
Effects of supplemental chromium propionate and rumen-protected amino acids on nutrient metabolism, neutrophil activation, and adipocyte size in dairy cows during peak lactation; The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of chromium propionate (CrPr), rumen-protected lysine and methionine (RPLM), or both on metabolism, neutrophil function, and adipocyte size in lactating dairy cows (38 +/- 15 d in milk). Forty-eight individually fed Holstein cows (21 primiparous, 27 multiparous) were stratified by calving date in 12 blocks and randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments within block. Treatments were control, CrPr (8 mg/d of Cr, KemTRACE brand chromium propionate 0.04%, Kemin Industries Inc., Des Moines, IA), RPLM (10 g/d lysine and 5 g/d methionine intestinally available, from LysiPEARL and MetiPEARL, Kemin Industries Inc.), or CrPr plus RPLM. Treatments were fed for 35 d; blood plasma samples were collected on d 21 and 35 of treatment, and blood neutrophils were isolated from 24 cows for analysis of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) and interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) transcript abundance in the basal state and after 12 h of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) activation. Tailhead subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were collected on d 35 for measurement of adipocyte size. Plasma glucose, nonesterified fatty acids, and glucagon concentrations were unaffected by treatments, whereas plasma insulin concentration was increased by RPLM. Basal TNF alpha transcript abundance in neutrophils was not affected by treatment, but basal IL-1 beta transcript abundance was decreased by RPLM and tended to be increased by CrPr. After LPS activation, CrPr increased neutrophil TNF alpha transcript abundance. In addition, RPLM x parity interactions were detected for both TNF alpha and IL-1 beta abundance after LPS activation, reflecting enhanced responses in primiparous cows and attenuated responses in multiparous cows supplemented with RPLM. Adipocyte size was not affected by treatment. Supplemental CrPr and RPLM had minimal effects on metabolism when fed for 35 d near peak lactation but may modulate innate immune function in lactating dairy cows.
Locally Made Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food for Treatment of Malnutrition: <i>A Randomized Controlled Trial</i>; Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of a locally made ready-to-use therapeutic food (RUTF) in decreasing mild to moderate malnutrition.
Addition of gut active carbohydrates to colostrum replacer does not improve passive transfer of immunoglobulin G in Holstein dairy calves; The primary objective of this study was to investigate the effects of supplementing a commercial colostrum replacer (CR) with gut active carbohydrates (GAC) on passive transfer of IgG in commercial dairy calves. A secondary objective was to evaluate the effect of treatment on preweaning health and growth. A total of 240 newborn Holstein dairy calves on a commercial dairy farm were enrolled in this study. Newborn heifer and bull calves were weighed and then randomly assigned to either the treated group [GAC: 30 g of GAC mixed into 1.5 doses (150 g of IgG) of commercial colostrum replacer; n = 119] or the control group [CON: 1.5 doses (150 g of IgG) of CR; n = 121]. The assigned CR treatment was fed within 3.5 h of birth using an esophageal tube feeder. Venous blood samples were collected at 0 and 24 h of age and used to measure serum IgG (mg/mL) and serum total protein (g/dL) concentrations and to estimate the apparent efficiency of absorption of IgG (%). The 129 heifers calves enrolled (CON = 60; GAC 69) were also followed until weaning to assess the effect of GAC addition on preweaning health and growth. Multivariable linear regression showed that the addition of GAC to CR did not influence passive transfer of IgG, as measured by apparent efficiency of absorption at 24 h of age (CON = 54.0 vs. GAC = 54.3%), serum IgG (CON = 20.3 vs. GAC = 20.2 mg/mL), and serum total protein (CON = 5.69 vs. GAC = 5.68 g/dL). Although study sample sizes were not originally derived to evaluate health outcomes, treatment had no effect on weight gain or incidence of health events (diarrhea, pneumonia, mortality) for heifer calves between birth and 7 wk of age.
Continuous low-dose infusion of tumor necrosis factor alpha in adipose tissue elevates adipose tissue interleukin 10 abundance and fails to alter metabolism in lactating dairy cows; Repeated bolus doses of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) alters systemic metabolism in lactating cows, but whether chronic release of inflammatory cytokines from adipose tissue has similar effects is unclear. Late-lactation Holstein cows (n = 9-10/treatment) were used to evaluate the effects of continuous adipose tissue TNF alpha administration on glucose and fatty acid (FA) metabolism. Cows were blocked by feed intake and milk yield and randomly assigned within block to control or TNF alpha treatments. Treatments (4 mL of saline or 14 mu g/kg of TNF alpha in 4 mL of saline) were infused continuously over 7 d via 2 osmotic pumps implanted in a subcutaneous adipose depot. Plasma, milk samples, milk yield, and feed intake data were collected daily, and plasma glucose turnover rate was measured on d 7. At the end of d 7, pumps were removed and liver and contralateral tail-head adipose biopsies were collected. Results were modeled with the fixed effect of treatment and the random effect of block. Treatment with TNF alpha increased plasma concentrations of the acute phase protein haptoglobin, but did not alter plasma TNF alpha, IL-4, IL-6, or IFN-gamma concentrations, feed intake, or rectal temperature. Milk yield and composition were unchanged, and treatments did not alter the proportion of short- versus long-chain FA in milk on d 7. Treatments did not alter plasma free FA concentration, liver triglyceride content, or plasma glucose turnover rate. Surprisingly, TNF alpha infusion tended to decrease liver TNF alpha and IL-1 receptor 1 mRNA abundance and significantly increased adipose tissue IL-10 protein concentration. Continuous infusion of TNF alpha did not induce the metabolic responses previously observed following bolus doses delivered at the same rate per day. Metabolic homeostasis may have been protected by an adaptive anti-inflammatory response to control systemic inflammation.
MALIGNANT PROGRESSION OF SV40-IMMORTALIZED HUMAN-MILK EPITHELIAL-CELLS; A human breast epithelial cell line (Hu-MI), established by microinjecting SV40 DNA into human milk epithelial cells, exhibits the phenotype of luminal epithelial cells and is neither clonogenic nor tumorigenic. From this cell line we have selected two sublines, HuMI-T and HuMI-TTu1, reflecting different stages of spontaneous transformation. HuMI-T cells grow anchorage-independently, but do not induce tumours in nude mice. HuMI-TTu1 cells are clonogenic as well as tumorigenic. Cells from both lines exhibit polymorphic structural and numerical chromosome aberrations. Immortalisation of normal luminal epithelial cells from human mammary gland with SV40 DNA alone may thus cause random genetic changes eventually resulting in tumorigenic cell lines. Since Hu-MI, HuMI-T and HuMI-TTu1 represent some of the consecutive stages taking place during cellular transformation, they are particularly suited as a novel in vitro model system to study progression of human breast cancer.
Daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream as a convenient, similarly effective, nearly painless alternative to conventional photodynamic therapy in actinic keratosis treatment: a randomized controlled trial; Background Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) of actinic keratosis (AK) has shown preliminary efficacy and safety results comparable to conventional photodynamic therapy (c-PDT), using methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) cream.
Intraindividual, right-left comparison of topical 5-aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy vs. 5% imiquimod cream for actinic keratoses on the upper extremities; Backround
Longitudinal Profiling of the Tissue-Specific Expression of Genes Related with Insulin Sensitivity in Dairy Cows during Lactation Focusing on Different Fat Depots; In dairy cows the milk associated energy output in early lactation exceeds the input via voluntary feed intake. To spare glucose for mammary lactose synthesis, peripheral insulin sensitivity (IS) is reduced and fat mobilization is stimulated. For these processes a link between IS and the endocrine functions of adipose tissue (AT) is likely; we thus aimed to characterise the mRNA expression from bovine AT derived proteins and receptors that are related to IS according to the literature in metabolically active tissues plus systemic IS throughout lactation. Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reduce milk fat thus decreasing the milk drain of energy and potentially dampening lipolysis, but may also affect IS. Subcutaneous (s.c.) AT and liver from pluriparous cows receiving either control fat or CLA supplement (100 g/day from 1 to 182 days in milk each) were biopsied covering week -3 to 36 relative to parturition. In an additional trial with primiparous cows treated analogously and slaughtered on days in milk 1, 42 or 105, samples from liver, udder, skeletal muscle and 3 visceral and 3 s.c. AT were obtained and assayed for mRNA abundance of adiponectin, its receptors, leptin, leptin receptor, PPAR gamma, PPAR gamma 2, IL-6, and TNF-alpha. In pluriparous animals, the mRNA abundance of most of the target genes decreased after parturition in s.c. AT but increased in liver. In primiparous cows, AT depot specific differences were mostly related to retroperitoneal AT; adiponectin receptor 1 and TNF-alpha were affected predominantly. CLA effects in primiparous cows were largely limited to decreased PPARc2 mRNA abundance in udder tissue. In pluriparous cows, insulin secretion was increased by CLA resulting in decreased systemic IS but without consistent changes in tissue target mRNA abundance. The temporal gene expression profiles from the adipokines and related receptors support their coactive function in adapting to the needs of lactation.
Efficacy of intra-umbilical oxytocin in the management of retained placenta: A randomized controlled trial; Aim: Retained placenta is an important cause of maternal mortality. The present study was aimed to determine the efficacy of umbilical injection of oxytocin as a treatment modality in this condition. Material and Methods: This was a single-center randomized controlled trial incorporating 58 women with retained placenta of more than 30 min, equally distributed into two study arms of intra-umbilical injection of oxytocin (50 IU oxytocin diluted with normal saline [NS] to a total volume 30 mL) and intra-umbilical injection of NS (30 mL). Primary outcome was expulsion of the placenta within 30 min following intervention. All the data were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis. Results: The success rate in the intra-umbilical oxytocin group was 51.72% compared to 20.69% in the control arm. This difference in the primary outcome was statistically significant with a P-value < 0.05 (P = 0.014) favoring intra-umbilical oxytocin infusion with an efficacy rate of 1.5 and a number-needed-to-treat of 3. The peripartum bleeding complications were more in the NS group with a statistically higher (P < 0.001) requirement of extra oxytocin to control post-partum bleeding. There were no differences between the two groups in respect to other secondary outcomes, such as post-partum fever, antibiotic requirement and hospital stay. Conclusion: Umbilical vein injection of 50 IU oxytocin in 30 mL of NS delivered effectively via the umbilical cord with milking in cases of retained placenta seems a simple and promising technique to reduce the incidence of a potentially morbid procedure and other complications.
Topical silver sulfadiazine for the prevention of acute dermatitis during irradiation for breast cancer; This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of topical silver sulfadiazine (SSD) in preventing acute radiation dermatitis in women receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer.
REDUCTION OF SOLAR KERATOSES BY REGULAR SUNSCREEN USE; Background. The incidence of and mortality from skin cancer are increasing in many countries. In view of the added concern about ozone depletion, many organizations are promoting the regular use of sunscreens to prevent skin cancer, despite the absence of evidence that these products have this effect. Solar (actinic) keratosis is a precursor of squamous-cell carcinoma of the skin.
Preliminary study on the major important camel calf diseases and other factors causing calf mortality in the Somali regional state of Ethiopia; The study was undertaken in the 5 randomly selected districts of Afder zone. Out of 8 districts 5 districts were selected in which 15 households were selected from each districts and totally 75 household were selected. Random sampling technique was used. Calf mortality was seen as prenatal death due to abortion, postnatal death from first week to 3 months of calf age and before weaning period. The latter was mainly caused due to some endemic diseases and other associated factors. In this study, abortion rate was 16% and it was caused by several factors. These include accidental death of foetus and trypanosomiasis, which contributed 64.3 and 28.6%, respectively, in the case of Jarati, while trypanosomiasis and stress conditions contributed 40 and 46.7%, respectively in the case of Hargelle. On the other hand, stress conditions caused by adverse environmental conditions and unidentified poisonous plants, contributed 26.7 and 73.3%, respectively in the case of Barey. Similarly, trypanosomiasis, accidental death and stress conditions and browsing of poisonous plants contributed 33.3, 40.0, 20.0 and 6.7%, respectively, in the case of Dollo-Bay. With regard to El-kari district, about 66.7, 26.7 and 6.7% of respondents claimed that abortion was caused by accidental deaths, poisonous plants and stressful conditions, respectively. On the other hand, calf death was very high during the first week after birth. About 60, 50, 55, 45, 35% of Hargelle, Jarati, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively, suggested that on an average 51% of calf losses were encountered during the first week of calves. Meanwhile, calf mortality of about 30% was encountered during first 90 days of calf age; where as the remaining 19% were encountered after 90 days of calf life, before weaning. Poor colostrum feeding practice is also believed to be one of the major causes of the calf mortality during the first week of calves life. Further more, some endemic diseases and other associated factors were also reported to be amongst the major causes of calf mortality during the lactation period before weaning. The most important disease found was called calf scour (Daab). The morbidity and mortality rate of calf scour was 87 and 39%, respectively. Sunken eye (Ilqod) was considered as the second problematic disease of calves by herders. The disease caused serious economic losses to the households through loss of milk after death of the calves. The morbidity and mortality rate due to sunken eyes were 57 and 12%, respectively. Contagious ecthyma (Canbaruur) was considered as the one of the important diseases of calves by herders. The morbidity and mortality rate of contagious ecthyma was 75 and 6.9% respectively. Contagious necrotic skin was also considered as the one of the important diseases of calves by herders. About 88% in all districts reported that the disease affected their calves with morbidity and mortality rate of calf 35 and 4.6%, respectively. Other endemic diseases reported were trypanosomiasis with morbidity and mortality rate of 9.6 and 6.7%. Camel pox had morbidity and mortality rates of 42 and 7%, respectively and pneumonia with mortality rate of 7%. On the other hand, factors causing calf losses included predator about 4.8, 23.8, 26.6, 16.7, and 26.2% of Hargelle, Jarati, Barey, Dollo-Bay and El-kari, respectively suggested that predators are considired next to diseases in causing calf mortatity.
Fermented Food and Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases: A Review; Fermented foods represent a significant fraction of human diets. Although their impact on health is positively perceived, an objective evaluation is still missing. We have, therefore, reviewed meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating the relationship between fermented foods and non-transmissible chronic diseases. Overall, after summarizing 25 prospective studies on dairy products, the association of fermented dairy with cancer was found to be neutral, whereas it was weakly beneficial, though inconsistent, for specific aspects of cardio-metabolic health, in particular stroke and cheese intake. The strongest evidence for a beneficial effect was for yoghurt on risk factors of type 2 diabetes. Although mechanisms explaining this association have not been validated, an increased bioavailability of insulinotropic amino acids and peptides as well as the bacterial biosynthesis of vitamins, in particular vitamin K2, might contribute to this beneficial effect. However, the heterogeneity in the design of the studies and the investigated foods impedes a definitive assessment of these associations. The literature on fermented plants is characterized by a wealth of in vitro data, whose positive results are not corroborated in humans due to the absence of RCTs. Finally, none of the RCTs were specifically designed to address the impact of food fermentation on health. This question should be addressed in future human studies.
Preweaning mortality in group-housed lactating sows: Hormonal differences between high risk and low risk sows; This study used an endocrinological approach to explain the differences between sows that have higher vs. lower preweaning mortality in a group-farrowing system. The association between sows that had 2 or more piglets die within the first 72 h postfarrowing (high risk) or sows that had 1 or no piglets die within the first 72 h postfarrowing (low risk) with changes in serum hormone concentrations was investigated. Multiparous sows (n = 63; parity 2 to 7) from 4 contemporary breeding groups, each mated within a week, were used. Sows were housed in a group-farrowing system where 8 sows farrowed in individual pens and shared a communal feeding and dunging area in each room. Reproductive performance, including total born, born alive, and stillborn per litter, individual weight of piglets at birth and weaning (at 5 wk postfarrowing), litter size at weaning, preweaning mortality of piglets, and sow BW before farrowing and after weaning, were recorded for all sows. Of these sows, 14 sows from 2 breeding groups were selected randomly for blood sampling through an indwelling ear vein catheter. A blood sample was collected daily from each sow 2 d prefarrowing through 2 d postfarrowing. Serum samples were analyzed for prolactin, oxytocin, cortisol, and urocortin concentrations using RIA. Among the 14 sows, 7 sows lost 2 or more piglets during the first 72 h after farrowing and were classified as high risk sows, and the other 7 sows lost 0 or 1 piglet during the same period and were classified as low risk sows. Catheters in 11 sows (5 high risk sows and 6 low risk sows) remained functional for the entire sampling period. Results indicate that high risk sows farrowed larger litters (live born = 13.8 +/- 0.50 vs. 11.3 +/- 0.48 piglets; P = 0.03) with lighter piglets (1.4 +/- 0.04 vs. 1.7 +/- 0.05 kg; P < 0.001) compared with low risk sows. In addition, high risk sows had greater oxytocin concentrations (0.09 vs. 0.07 ng/mL; SE = 0.02, P = 0.01), which might be associated with larger litters farrowed, compared with low risk sows. There were no differences between high risk and low risk sows (P > 0.30) in terms of serum prolactin, cortisol, or urocortin concentrations. These results suggest that litter size and birth weight of piglets played an important role in preweaning mortality of piglets and hormone concentrations in sows were not associated with piglet mortality in the group-farrowing system used.
ADJUSTMENT OF BIRTH-WEIGHT FOR WEIGHING AGE AND RELATIONSHIP OF STANDARDIZED BIRTH-WEIGHT WITH EARLY MORTALITY IN NDAMA CALVES UNDER TRADITIONAL HUSBANDRY SYSTEMS IN THE GAMBIA; Birth-weight data recorded between 1986 and 1991 on 3453 N'Dama calves from the village production systems of The Gambia were analysed to identify major factors influencing this trait and to quantify the relationship between birth weight and early calf mortality. Birth weights were measured over a range of time, from a few hours to 14 days after birth. Least-squares analysis of the fixed effects of site, year and season of birth, parity of dam, sex, age in days at which birth weight was recorded and random effects of herd and cow nested within site showed that all these factors significantly influenced this trait.
GEOGRAPHICAL-DISTRIBUTION OF CEREBROVASCULAR-DISEASE MORTALITY AND FOOD INTAKES IN JAPAN; The present study focusses on an analysis of the relationship between cerebrovascular disease mortality and food intake. For this purpose, standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) from cerebrovascular disease were calculated for 3341 basic administrative units (wards, cities, towns and villages) between 1969 and 1978 in Japan. The major nutrient intakes and 30 selected food items were obtained from the 1974-1974 Ministry of Health and Welfare, National Nutrition Surveys in 1040 randomly sampled census tracts in 600 areas (18% of the nation). Our analysis demonstrates that the geographical pattern of cerebrovascular disease SMRs in Japan vary from higher in East Japan to lower in the West, and higher in the less urbanized areas, and lower in the more urban ones. Foods positively associated with cerebrovascular disease were rice and other starchy foods, pork, algae (seaweed), and salty foods such as miso (soybean paste), pickled vegetables, soy sauce and salted fish. All of these foods,  with the exception of pork, are part of the traditional Japanese diet. On the contrary, mortality was negatively associated with intakes of wheat, butter and margarine, beef and eggs, items considered to bre representative of a European diet. Using a stepwise multiple regression analysis, miso and salted fish were selected as positive, and beef and eggs as negative correlates of cerebrovascular disease mortality. According to these results, it is suggested that these four foods are useful as  negative and positive indicators of improvement in dietary intakes as related to the reduction in the occurrence of cerebrovascular disease.
Efficacy of halofuginone lactate in the prevention of cryptosporidiosis in dairy calves; To evaluate the efficacy of halofuginone lactate (Halocur; Intervet) when used prophylactically against cryptosporidiosis in dairy calves, 513 Holstein heifer calves were randomly distributed between two experimental groups. Those in the treatment group (n=259) received 0.1 mg halofuginone base per kg bodyweight daily in a 10 ml solution, for the first seven days following birth, while those in the control group (n=254) received an equal volume of a placebo solution. Faecal samples were collected weekly from all calves until three weeks of age to test for Cryptosporidium oocysts and to assess the diarrhoeal status. Growth parameters of the calves were also recorded at approximately four months of age. Calves that received halofuginone were significantly less likely to shed Cryptosporidium oocysts during the course of the study than placebo-treated calves (odds ratio 0.6, 95 per cent confidence interval 0.4 to 0.9, P=0.009). Mean growth measurements of calves in the treated group were consistently higher than those of the control calves (hipometer-derived P=0.052, wither height P=0.097) and mortality was lower in the treated group (P=0.07). However, these differences were not statistically significant (P>0.05). No association was found between the prophylactic use of halofuginone and the incidence of calf diarrhoea.
Five Percent 5-Fluorouracil in a Cream or for Superficial Peels in the Treatment of Advanced Photoaging of the Forearms: A Randomized Comparative Study; BACKGROUND The antimetabolite 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is used for topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Overall improvement in the skin is also observed. Additionally, 5-FU was reported to be used for superficial peels.
A pilot randomized controlled trial of vaginal estrogen on postpartum atrophy, perineal pain, and sexual function; Introduction and hypothesis Vulvovaginal symptoms following perineal laceration may be worsened by atrophy related to decreased estrogen. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of local estrogen therapy in this setting. Methods We conducted a single-center, pilot, randomized, placebo-controlled trial of local estradiol in primiparous women with a second-degree or greater perineal laceration following a term vaginal delivery. Participants were randomized to twice weekly estradiol or placebo cream from delivery through 3 months postpartum. The primary outcome was a validated measure of vulvovaginal symptoms at 12 weeks postpartum. Secondary outcomes included measures of perineal pain, quality of life, sexual function, ease of use, likelihood of continued use, and adverse events. Results We planned to enroll 70 women; however, due to human subjects research restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, enrollment was stopped early. A total of 59 women were randomized, 31 to the estradiol group and 28 to the placebo group. Nearly all participants (95%) were followed through 12 weeks with suggestion of marginal improvement in Vulvar Assessment Scale scores [-0.10; 90% CI = (-0.20, 0.01)] in those randomized to estradiol compared to placebo. Local estradiol was not associated with improvement in other measures, and only one non-serious adverse event was observed. Conclusions In primiparous women with a perineal laceration, use of local estradiol showed minimal clinical benefit in vulvovaginal atrophy and related symptoms but appears to be acceptable and safe for postpartum use. Larger adequately powered trials enrolling a diverse group of postpartum women are needed to affirm these findings.
Evaluation of Dietary Patterns and All-Cause Mortality A Systematic Review; IMPORTANCE The 2020 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee conducted a systematic review of existing research on diet and health to inform the current Dietary Guidelines for Americans. The committee answered this public health question: what is the association between dietary patterns consumed and all-cause mortality (ACM)?
Comparison of the effects of Valsalva maneuver, EMLA cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of needle insertion on totally implantable access port: A randomized controlled study; Background: Totally implantable access port (TIAP) is a subcutaneously implanted, long-term infusion device that is widely used in oncology patients. However, multiple needle insertions into TIAP may lead to pain, anxiety, and dread in patients. This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of Valsalva maneuver, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) cream, and the combination of both in relieving pain of cannulations on TIAP. Methods: This was a prospective randomized controlled study. We included 223 patients treated with antineoplastic drugs and randomized them into four groups: EMLA Group (Group E), control Group (Group C), Valsalva maneuver Group (Group V), and EMLA cream combing with Valsalva maneuver Group (Group EV). Each group was given the corresponding intervention before non-coring needle insertion. The data on pain scores and overall comfort were collected by numerical pain rating scale (NPRS) and visual analog scale (VAS). Results: Group E and Group EV experienced the least amount of pain scores in needle insertion, which was significantly lower than Group V and Group C (p < 0.05). Meanwhile, Group E and Group EV obtained the highest comfort level, which was significantly higher than group C (p < 0.05). Fifteen patients developed localized skin erythema after the application of medical Vaseline or EMLA cream and subsided within half an hour after rubbing. Conclusion: EMLA cream is a safe and effective way to alleviate pain during non-coring needle insertion in TIAP and enhance the overall comfort of patients. We recommend applying EMLA cream 1 h before needle insertion of TIAP, especially in patients having needle phobia or high pain scores from previous non-coring needle insertion.
The effect of intrauterine infusion of dextrose on clinical endometritis cure rate and reproductive performance of dairy cows; The main objective of this study was to evaluate the intrauterine administration use of 200 mL of 50% dextrose solution as a treatment against clinical endometritis (CE); CE cure rate and reproductive performance were evaluated. Additionally, the association of several relevant risk factors, such as retained placenta (RP), metritis, CE, anovulation, hyperketonemia, and body condition score with reproductive performance, early embryonic mortality, and CE were evaluated. A total of 1,313 Holstein cows housed on 4 commercial dairy farms were enrolled in the study. At 7 +/- 3 DIM cows were examined for metritis and had blood collected to determine serum beta-hydroxybutyrate concentration. To determine if cows had ovulated at least once before 44 +/- 3 DIM, the presence of a corpus luteum was evaluated by ovarian ultrasonography at 30 +/- 3 DIM and at 44 +/- 3 DIM. At 30 +/- 3 DIM, CE was diagnosed using the Metricheck device (SimcroTech, Hamilton, New Zealand); cows with purulent or mucopurulent vaginal discharge were diagnosed as having CE. Cows diagnosed with CE (n = 175) were randomly allocated into 2 treatment groups: treatment (intrauterine infusion of 200 mL of 50% dextrose) or control (no infusion). Clinical endometritis cows were re-evaluated as described above at 44 +/- 3 DIM, and cows that were free of purulent or mucopurulent vaginal discharge were considered cured. Intrauterine infusion of dextrose tended to have a detrimental effect on CE cure rate, and treatment did not have an effect on first-service conception rate and early embryonic mortality. A multivariable Cox's proportional hazard model was performed to evaluate the effect of several variables on reproductive performance; the variables RP, CE, parity, anovulation, and the interaction term between parity and anovulation were associated with hazard of pregnancy. Cows that did not have RP or CE were more likely to conceive than cows that were diagnosed with RP or CE. Cows that had RP were at 3.36 times higher odds of losing their pregnancy than cows that did not have RP. In addition, cows diagnosed with CE were at 2.16 higher odds of losing their pregnancy than cows without CE. In conclusion, intrauterine infusion of 200 mL of 50% dextrose solution as a treatment for CE had a strong statistical tendency to decrease CE cure rate, did not improve first-service conception rate and early embryonic mortality, and did not decrease calving-to-conception interval.
Butyrate supplementation in the liquid diet of dairy calves leads to a rapid recovery from diarrhea and reduces its occurrence and relapses in the preweaning period; The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of continuous butyrate administration in dairy calves' liquid diet considering diarrhea, metabolic profile, gastrointestinal development, and corporal growth. Immediately after birth, calves were randomly allocated into 2 groups of 62 calves (50 females and 12 males), with access to water and a solid feed ad libitum. The butyrate group (BG) received 4 g/d of sodium butyrate (Admix Easy, Adisseo) diluted in the whole milk, and the control group (CG) received whole milk with no supplementation. Sodium butyrate was administered from d 1 of life until the weaning at 90 d. Feces consistency was assessed daily for the first 30 d of life and characterized by scores from 0 to 4 (0 and 1 for normal, and 2, 3, and 4 for abnormal feces). Diarrhea was diagnosed when the animals had abnormal feces and fever. Morbidity, recurrence, mortality, and lethality data were recorded and compared between the groups. Average daily gain (ADG) and corporal growth (body weight, thoracic perimeter, height at the withers, and croup width) were evaluated weekly, from the first day to d 30, and later at 45, 60, and 90 d of life. Blood samples were taken weekly for up to 30 d to determine the circulating levels of total calcium, phosphorus, chloride, bicarbonate, glucose, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and nonesterified fatty acids. The males were euthanized at 15 (n = 6 per group) and 30 d (n = 6 per group) for morphometric, histological, and gene expression analysis of the gastrointestinal tract. The results showed that the BG had a lower rate of morbidity (BG = 30% vs. CG = 50%) and recurrence (BG = 26.7% vs. CG = 60%) of diarrhea than the CG. In addition, the BG had abnormal feces for a shorter period (BG = 4.64 +/- 0.47 d vs. CG = 8.6 +/- 0.65 d). The ADG tended to be higher in BG than CG up to 30 and 60 d. Metabolic evaluations showed the lowest levels of glucose and highest levels of nonesterified fatty acids in BG. On d 30 of life, rumen papillae length, papilla area, duodenum villus length, and crypt depth were higher in BG than in CG. The duodenal gene expression at 30 d showed that animals with diarrhea episodes that did not receive butyrate had the highest levels of transcripts for the LCT and GLP2 genes. In addition, in different ways, both butyrate and neonatal diarrhea affected the gene expression of IGF1, SLC5A1, and AQP3. These results allow us to conclude that continuous supplementation with sodium butyrate improves gastrointestinal development, reduces the occurrence of diarrhea, and makes clinical conditions milder with faster recovery, favoring a higher ADG in the first 30 and 60 d of life. Based on these results, we conclude that sodium butyrate can be indicated for liquid diet supplementation to accelerate gastrointestinal tract development and prevent severe cases of neonatal diarrhea, tending to improve average daily gain until weaning.
Regorafenib dose-optimisation in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer (ReDOS): a randomised, multicentre, open-label, phase 2 study; Background Regorafenib confers an overall survival benefit in patients with refractory metastatic colorectal cancer; however, the adverse event profile of regorafenib has limited its use. Despite no supportive evidence, various dosing schedules are used clinically to alleviate toxicities. This study evaluated the safety and activity of two regorafenib dosing schedules.
Dietary calcium intake and mortality risk from cardiovascular disease and all causes: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background: Considerable controversy exists regarding the association between dietary calcium intake and risk of mortality from cardiovascular disease and all causes. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies to examine the controversy.
ETHNOVETERINARY APPLICATION OF <i>MORINDA CITRIFOLIA</i> FRUIT PUREE ON A COMMERCIAL HEIFER REARING FACILITY WITH ENDEMIC <i>SALMONELLOSIS</i>; We have previously reported that Morinda citrifolia (noni) puree modulates neonatal calves developmental maturation of the innate and adaptive immune system. In this study, the effect of noni puree on respiratory and gastrointestinal (GI), health in preweaned dairy calves on a farm with endemic salmonellosis was examined. Two clinical trials were conducted whereby each trial evaluated one processing technique of noni puree. Trials 1 and 2 tested noni versions A and B, respectively. Puree analysis and trial methods were identical to each other, with the calf as the experimental unit. Calves were designated to 1 of 3 treatment groups in each trial and received either: 0, 15 or 30 mL every 12 hr of noni supplement for the first 3 weeks of life. Health scores, weaning age, weight gain from admission to weaning, and weaned by 6 weeks, were used as clinical endpoints for statistical analysis. In trial 1, calves supplemented with 15 mL noni puree of version A every 12 hr had a higher probability of being weaned by 6 weeks of age than control calves (P = 0.04). In trial 2, calves receiving 30 mL of version B every 12 hr had a 54.5% reduction in total medical treatments by 42 days of age when compared to controls (P = 0.02). There was a trend in reduced respiratory (61%), and GI (52%) medical treatments per calf when compared to controls (P = 0.06 and 0.08, respectively). There were no differences in weight gain or mortality for any treatment group in either trial.
Effects of intraperitoneal injection of cortisol on nonspecific immune functions of <i>Ctenopharyngodon idella</i>; After grass carps Ctenopharyngodon idellus were injected with cortisol, with (CBC) and without (C) a cocoa butter carrier, the effects of both slowly and rapidly acting exogenous cortisol oil their non-specific immune functions were investigated. On the one hand, after injection with CBC, the cortisol concentration and lysozyme activity in fish serum were enhanced and were sustained at high levels for a long period (30 days). The killing activity in the serum declined with time, and phagocytosis of head kidney macrophages diminished significantly (P < 0.05 or P < 0.01). The leukocrit values in the high dose group (31-8 mg cortisol fish(-1)) increased over time, however, with the maximum average being 5.6% at day 30. The spleen mass index in the high dose group was 0.93 x 10(-3) after 30 days, notably lower (P < 0.05) than that in the control group. In addition, a decrease in resistance to Aeronionas hydrophilo infection in cortisol-treated fish was shown, with the final cumulative mortalities being 54.5 and 66.7% in the low and high dose groups, respectively. On the other hand, there was a decrease in both serum cortisol concentration and lysozyme activity of the experimental fish within 2 weeks after injection with C, where plasma bactericidal activities in the high dose group (31-8 mg cortisol fish(-1)) were remarkably lower (P < 0.01) than those in the control group at each sampling, but were increased slightly over time. The results of which were different from those in the CBC trial. Phagocytic activity of head kidney macrophages and spleen mass index decreased significantly (P < 0.05), while there were increases in leukocrit value and cumulative mortality due to A. hydrophila. The results of which were similar to those in the CBC trial. This study indicated that the injection of cortisol depressed the non-specific immune functions of the grass carp and increased its susceptibility to disease. (c) 2005 The Fisheries Society of the British Isles.
Immediate Post-Partum Initiation of Etonogestrel-Releasing Implant: A Randomized Controlled Trial on Breastfeeding Impact EDITORIAL COMMENT; Women with unplanned pregnancies occurring at short interpregnancy intervals are at increased risk of preterm births and low birth weight, as well as maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. High rates of unplanned pregnancies and short interpregnancy intervals are a major concern in populations with low adherence to contraceptive methods. Initiating contraception immediately after delivery has been suggested as a method to prevent unplanned pregnancies, especially in vulnerable populations. The etonogestrel-releasing contraceptive (ENG) implant is an extremely effective long-acting reversible contraceptive (LARC). Effectiveness is maintained for 3 years after insertion, and the 1-year continuity rate is higher than 80%. One limitation to recommending early start of contraception after delivery is concern over possible effects of the implant on the volume of milk ingested by newborns (NBs) during breast-feeding. Previous studies assessing the volume of breast-feeding milk used indirect methods. Breast milk volume has never been evaluated in NBs after insertion of the ENG implant immediately postpartum. The criterion-standard direct method for measuring the volume of breast-feeding milk is the use of the stable deuterium stable isotope (D2O). It is a direct, accurate, safe, and noninvasive method. After administration of this isotope to the mother, the amount of D2O transferred to the NB through breast milk gives an estimation of the amount of milk ingested by the NB. The aim of this randomized, single-blind, parallel, and controlled clinical trial was to estimate the amount of milk ingested by NBs in the first 6 weeks after delivery. The study was conducted at a low-risk maternity hospital in Brazil. The primary outcome measure was the amount of breast milk ingested by the NBs in the first 6 weeks postpartum. Two oral doses of D2O were administered to the postpartum women: an oral dose of 5 g D2O administered immediately after delivery and a 10-g dose administered on the 29th day after ingestion of the first D2O dose. Saliva samples were obtained from the mother-NB pairs before each administered D2O dose and periodically after D2O ingestion. The amount of D2O ingested by the NBs through breast-feeding was estimated using mass spectrometry in the saliva samples. A total of 24 postpartum women and their NBs were randomized into 2 groups (12 per group): an ENG implant group with insertion in the first 48 hours postpartum or a control group that used no contraceptive method postpartum. There was no significant difference between groups in the median of breast milk intake by NBs following the first D2O dose: implant, 340 mL/d (240-420 mL/d) versus control, 330 mL/d (300-530 mL/d), P = 0.54. After the second dose, the median intake of breast milk by NBs was also similar: implant, 845 mL/d (770-980 mL/d), versus control, 785 (680-980 mL/d); P = 0.63. Because of similar breast milk intake in the 2 groups, there was no difference in NB weight gain between groups after 6 weeks. Insertion of the ENG implant immediately postpartum does not alter the volume of breast milk ingested by NBs in the first 6 weeks. Given the benefits of insertion of the ENG implant immediately after delivery in reducing unintended pregnancy and pregnancy recurrence, especially in vulnerable populations, these data provide important safety data on the breast-feeding effect of this practice.
A comparative evaluation of the kefir yeast <i>Kluyveromyces marxianus</i> A4 and sulfasalazine in ulcerative colitis: anti-inflammatory impact and gut microbiota modulation; Although only Saccharomyces boulardii has been studied for ulcerative colitis (UC), probiotic yeasts have immense therapeutic potential. Herein, we evaluated the kefir yeast Kluyveromyces marxianus A4 (Km A4) and its anti-inflammatory effect with sulfasalazine in BALB/c mice with dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced colitis. Oral administration continued for 7 days after the mice were randomly divided into seven groups: control (CON, normal mice administered with saline), DSS-induced colitis mice administered saline (DSS), and DSS-induced colitis mice administered sulfasalazine only (S), Km A4 only (A4), Km A4 plus sulfasalazine (A4 + S), S. boulardii ATCC MYA-796 (Sb MYA-796) only (Sb), and Sb MYA-796 plus sulfasalazine (Sb + S). The beta-glucan content of Km A4 was significantly higher than that of Sb MYA-796 (P < 0.05). Body weight gain (BWG) significantly correlated with colon length, cyclooxygenase-2 (Cox-2) levels, and Bacteroides abundance (P < 0.05). In colitis-induced mice, the A4 + S group had the lowest histological score (6.00) compared to the DSS group (12.67), indicating the anti-inflammatory effects of this combination. The A4 + S group showed significantly downregulated expression of interleukin (Il)-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (Tnf-alpha), and Cox-2 and upregulated expression of Il-10 and occludin (Ocln) compared to the DSS group. Mice treated with A4 + S had enhanced Bacteroides abundance in their gut microbiota compared with the DSS group (P < 0.05). Bacteroides were significantly correlated with all colitis biomarkers (BWG, colon length, Il-6, Tnf-alpha, Il-10, Cox-2, and Ocln; P < 0.05). The anti-inflammatory effects of Km A4 could be attributed to high beta-glucan content and gut microbiota modulation. Thus, treatment with Km A4 and sulfasalazine could alleviate UC.
Soy protein containing isoflavones and mammographic density in a randomized controlled trial in postmenopausal women; Background: The relatively high dietary intake of soy in Asian countries has been hypothesized to, at least partly, explain the lower breast cancer incidence patterns in these countries compared with the Western world. The aim of the present study was to determine the effect of daily soy supplementation on mammographic density, one of the strongest known risk factors for breast cancer.
Effects of arginase inhibition via jugular infusion of <i>N</i><SUP>ω</SUP>-hydroxy-nor-L-arginine on metabolic and immune indices in lactating dairy cows; Transformation of Arg to nitric oxide and ornithine (Arg-Orn) constitutes the main route of Arg metabolism in mammals. The primary objective of this work was to determine the effects of inhibiting the Arg-Orn pathway via N-omega-hydroxy-nor-L-arginine (nor-NOVA) on health of lactating cows. Furthermore, we also explored the effect of Arg-Orn inhibition on the efficiency of nitrogen utilization to find support for previous research that showed the inhibition of Arg-Orn inhibited milk protein synthesis. Six healthy Chinese Holstein cows of similar body weight (550.0 +/- 20 kg), parity (4.0 +/- 0), body condition score (3.0 +/- 0), milk yield (21.0 +/- 1.0 kg), and days in milk (80 +/- 2 d) were selected and randomly assigned to 3 treatments in a replicated 3 x 3 Latin square design with 22 d for each period (7 d for infusion and 15 d for washout). The treatments were (1) saline infusion (control); (2) infusion of 125 mg/L of nor-NOHA; and (3) infusion of 125 mg/L of nor-NOHA with 9.42 g/L of Arg. Dry matter intake, apparent digestibility of nutrients, urinary N, N in milk, and blood indices of metabolism and immune function were determined. Compared with the control, the infusion of nor-NOHA had no effect on the concentrations of cholesterol, high-density lipoproteins, IgA, IL-1 beta, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and alanine transaminase. In addition, the dry matter intake, apparent digestibility of N, and the concentration of milk protein N in the Nor-NOHA did not differ from the control; however, the infusion of nor-NOIIA and Arg resulted in greater concentrations of high-density lipoprotein, IgA, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and lower concentrations of cholesterol in serum compared with the control. Moreover, the addition of Arg to cows infused with nor-NOHA increased the concentration of nitrate (the indicator of nitric oxide) in serum and was associated with greater milk protein N production due to greater milk yield compared with those infused with nor-NOHA. Overall, the results indicated important roles of Arg in immunity and mammary N utilization, whereas a minor role of the Arg-Orn pathway in these physiologic processes was found.
The Vasodilator Effect of a Cream Containing 10% Menthol and 15% Methyl Salicylate on Random Pattern Skin Flaps in Rats; Background It is still difficult to prevent partial or full-thickness flap necrosis. In this study, the effects of a cream containing menthol and methyl salicylate on the viability of random-pattern skin flaps were studied.
Additively protective effects of vitamin D and calcium against colorectal adenoma incidence, malignant transformation and progression: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Colorectal cancer (CRC) exhibits a linear progression from normal colonic epithelium, adenoma initiation, carcinoma transformation and even to metastasis. Diet changes might influence carcinogenesis and prognosis. We aimed to determine the effects of vitamin D and calcium on colorectal adenoma incidence, malignancy development and prognosis.
Randomized, self-controlled, prospective assessment of the efficacy of mometasone furoate local application in reducing acute radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinomas; Background: Acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) is a common adverse effect in patients undergoing radiotherapy. Mometasone furoate cream (MMF) was reported to significantly reduce ARD, especially in breast cancer. Clinically, ARD is more critical and more difficult to prevent in patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) than in those with breast cancer, because a higher dose of radiotherapy is required in HNSCC cases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of MMF local application on radiation dermatitis in patients with HNSCC.
The effect of meloxicam on neonatal dairy calves: Immunoglobulin G uptake and preweaning performance; Objectives of this study were to determine effects of meloxicam administered in 2 forms on IgG uptake, growth, and health of preweaned calves. Sixteen Hol-stein bulls and 14 heifers with a body weight (BW) of 44.3 +/- 5.24 kg were blocked by birth date in a randomized complete block design. Calves were removed from the dam before suckling, weighed, and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: (1) colostrum replacer (CR) at 0 h with no meloxicam (control; CON), (2) 1 mg/kg of BW of meloxicam in pill form before CR (PL), or (3) 1 mg/kg of BW of meloxicam mixed in solution with CR (SL). Calves were fed 675 g of dry matter of CR, providing a volume of 3 L and 180 g of IgG. Blood samples were collected at 0 h to analyze initial IgG and ketone concentrations, and at 6, 12, 18, and 24 h to analyze IgG uptake. At 24 h, calves were fed 432 g of dry matter of 24% crude protein milk replacer (MR) split in 2 feedings, and free choice starter and water until 42 d. Weekly blood samples were analyzed for glucose, plasma urea nitrogen, and ketone concentrations. Time of consumption of MR, BW, length, hip and withers height, and heart girth were recorded weekly. All calves achieved adequate transfer of immunity. Meloxicam did not affect apparent efficiency of absorption, serum total protein, or IgG uptake at 6, 18, and 24 h; however, meloxicam-treated calves had lesser IgG concentrations at 12 h (24.40 and 22.59 g/L for PL and SL, respectively) compared with CON (28.47 g/L). Meloxicam treatment did not affect BW. Calves that received PL tended to gain length at a faster rate (0.24 cm/d) than those that received SL (0.19 cm/d). Meloxicam treatment did not affect MR intake, time of consumption of MR, total dry matter intake, or feed efficiency. Meloxicam-treated calves tended to consume more starter (560.4 and 515.4 g/d for PL and SL, respectively) than those that received
Mapisal Versus Urea Cream as Prophylaxis for Capecitabine-Associated Hand-Foot Syndrome: A Randomized Phase III Trial of the AIO Quality of Life Working Group; Purpose
Barley grain-based diet treated with lactic acid and heat modulated plasma metabolites and acute phase response in dairy cows; This study investigated the effects of feeding barley grain treated with lactic acid (LA) and heat on the profile of plasma metabolites related to carbohydrate and lipid metabolism and variables related to rumen health and acute phase response. Eight primiparous rumen-fistulated lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned, in a crossover design, to 1 of the 2 dietary treatments consisting of 32% (DM basis) rolled barley grain steeped in an equal quantity of either tap water alone (CTR) or a 1.0% LA solution and heated at 55 degrees C for 48 h (LAH). Each experimental period was 21 d, with the last 10 d used for measurements. Blood samples were collected on d 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, and 11 before the morning feeding and on the last day of each period at 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 h postfeeding to measure glucose, lactate, cholesterol, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), NEFA, haptoglobin (Hp), serum amyloid A (SAA), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). Also, rumen samples were collected on d 1, 5, and 11 as well as at 0, 4, 8, and 12 h postfeeding on the last day of each period for measuring the concentration of rumen endotoxin. Results of the day-to-day analysis indicated that cows fed the LAH diet had reduced preprandial concentrations of rumen endotoxin (472 vs. 793 ng/mL; P < 0.01) and cholesterol and greater lactate in the plasma; however, treatment had no effect on plasma Hp and TNF-alpha (P > 0.10). Postprandial responses showed that the LAH diet tended to decrease the concentration of SAA (4.67 vs. 8.50 mu g/mL; P = 0.06). Also, there was a treatment by time interaction for rumen endotoxin (P < 0.01), suggesting a role for both the treatment and the time of sampling on this variable. Furthermore, greater concentration of BHBA and a tendency for greater NEFA and reduced concentrations of plasma glucose were observed in cows fed the LAH diet. In conclusion, results indicated that feeding dairy cows barley grain steeped in 1.0% LA and treated with heat modulated the profile of plasma metabolites and acute phase response.
Leptin and camel milk abate oxidative stress status, genotoxicity induced in valproic acid rat model of autism; The aspect of treatment of autistic behaviour was investigated using valproic acid rat model of pregnant female rats. Two main groups (10 male rats/group) were treated for 6 days and then divided into six subgroups. The first group of normal rats was divided into three subgroups: (A) - control group, (B) - treated with camel milk (CAM; 2 mL/p.o) and (C) - treated with leptin (1000 mu g/kg i.p) twice daily. The second group of autistic rats was randomly distributed into four subgroups as follows: (D) - positive control (autistics rats), (E) - treated with CAM, (F) - treated with a moderate dose of leptin and (G) - treated with a higher dose of leptin. Autistic behaviours of male offspring were checked by grooming and elevated pulz maze tests. Valproic acid (VPA)-induced autistic rats showed severe changes in oxidative stress markers, neurotransmitters and inflammatory cytokines, besides genotoxic manifestation of expression of tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, Box and caspase-3. Leptin or CAM alone showed no signs of toxicity. CAM showed pronounced improvement in control rats than control itself. Leptin or CAM treatment of autistic animals showed a significant improvement of all measured parameters and genetic expression values. The improvement was pronounced in animals treated with CAM. These results suggest that CAM is a potential therapeutic candidate for autism via regulation of inflammatory and apoptotic pathways. Leptin plays an essential role in alleviation of autistic behaviour through antioxidant effects.
Effects of red meat taxes and warning labels on food groups selected in a randomized controlled trial; Background High consumption of red and processed meat contributes to both health and environmental harms. Warning labels and taxes for red meat reduce selection of red meat overall, but little is known about how these potential policies affect purchases of subcategories of red meat (e.g., processed versus unprocessed) or of non-red-meat foods (e.g., cheese, pulses) relevant to health and environmental outcomes. This study examined consumer responses to warning labels and taxes for red meat in a randomized controlled trial.Methods In October 2021, we recruited 3,518 US adults to complete a shopping task in a naturalistic online grocery store. Participants were randomly assigned to one of four arms: control (no warning labels or tax), warning labels only (health and environmental warning labels appeared next to products containing red meat), tax only (prices of products containing red meat were increased 30%) or combined warning labels + tax. Participants selected items to hypothetically purchase, which we categorized into food groups based on the presence of animal- and plant-source ingredients (e.g., beef, eggs, pulses), meat processing level (e.g., processed pork versus unprocessed pork), and meat species (e.g., beef versus pork). We assessed the effects of the warning labels and tax on selections from each food group.Results Compared to control, all three interventions led participants to select fewer items with processed meat (driven by reductions in processed pork) and (for the tax and warning labels + tax interventions only) fewer items with unprocessed meat (driven by reductions in unprocessed beef). All three interventions also led participants to select more items containing cheese, while only the combined warning labels + tax intervention led participants to select more items containing processed poultry. Except for an increase in selection of pulses in the tax arm, the interventions did not affect selections of fish or seafood (processed or unprocessed), eggs, or plant-based items (pulses, nuts & seeds, tofu, meat mimics, grains & potatoes, vegetables).Conclusions Policies to reduce red meat consumption are also likely to affect consumption of other types of foods that are relevant to both health and environmental outcomes.Trial registration NCT04716010 on www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Hepatic mRNA expression for genes related to somatotropic axis, glucose and lipid metabolisms, and inflammatory response of periparturient dairy cows treated with recombinant bovine somatotropin; Objectives of this experiment were to evaluate the effects of recombinant; bovine somatotropin (rbST) treatment of periparturient dairy cows on hepatic mRNA expression for genes related to the somatotropic axis, insulin, glucose, and lipid metabolism, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Holstein cows were enrolled in the experiment at 253 +/- 3 d of gestation and assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: untreated control (n = 53), 87.5 mg of rbST (n = 56; rbST87.5), and 125 mg of rbST (n = 57; rbST125). Cows in the rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments received weekly injections of rbST from -21 to 28 d relative to calving. A subsample of cows (control = 20, rbST87.5 = 20, rbST125 = 20) was randomly selected for collection of liver samples according to expected calving date, BCS, and previous lactation 305-d mature equivalent milk yield. Only cows that had liver sampled at -21 +/- 3, -7 +/- 3. and 7 +/- 3 d relative to calving were used in the current experiment. Blood, sampled weekly from -28 to 21 d relative to calving, was used to determine the concentrations of growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor 1. insulin, cortisol, fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, glucose, haptoglobin, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Liver samples were used to determine hepatic mRNA expression of 50 genes. Treatment with rbST increased growth hormone concentrations during the postpartum period (control = 9.0 +/- 0.7, rbST87.5 = 15.3 +/- 1.0, rbST125 = 18.5 +/- 1.3 ng/mL) and increased insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations during the prepartum period (control = 107.4 +/- 7.2, rbST87.5 = 126.9 +/- 6.6, rbST125 = 139.4 +/- 6.9 ng/mL). Control cows had greater postpartum concentrations of beta-hydroxybutyrate (control = 776.4 +/- 64.0, rbST87.5 = 628.4 +/- 59.7, rbST125 = 595.4 +/- 60.9 mu mol/L) than rbST cows. The rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments upregulated the hepatic mRNA expression for somatotropic axis genes (GHR, GHR1A, IGF1, IGFBP3, and SOCS2) on d -7 relative to calving and upregulated the mRNA expression for SOCS2 on d 7. On d -7, rbST87.5 and rbST125 treatments increased mRNA expression for genes involved in hepatic lipid transport (ANGPTL4, APOA5, APOB100, and SCARB1) and downregulated mRNA expression for PPARD, which is involved in lipid storage. On d 7, rbST tended to upregulated the mRNA expression for genes involved in gluconeogenesis (PCK1) and fatty acid beta-oxidation (ACOX1), and downregulated the mRNA expression for genes involved in inflammation (TNFRSF1A, ICAM1, CXCL1, MYD88, HIF1A, IL1RN, NFKBIA, and SOCS3) and oxidative stress (XBP1). Administration of rbST during the periparturient period may improve liver function and health by increasing hepatic capacity for gluconeogenesis and lipid transport and by reducing inflammation and oxidative stress.
A randomised controlled trial of dietary improvement for adults with major depression (the 'SMILES' trial); Background: The possible therapeutic impact of dietary changes on existing mental illness is largely unknown. Using a randomised controlled trial design, we aimed to investigate the efficacy of a dietary improvement program for the treatment of major depressive episodes.
The incidence of calf morbidity and mortality due to vector-borne infections in smallholder dairy farms in Kwale District, Kenya; An observational longitudinal study was carried out on 92 randomly selected smallholder farms in two coastal lowland zones of Kwale District in Kenya between December 1997 and November 1999. The objective was to estimate the incidence of the main vector-transmitted diseases in pre-weaned calves. From an initial 41 pure or cross-bred Bos taurus calves which were less than 2 months and whose birth and disease histories were known, study calves were recruited progressively and monitored until they were weaned at around 146 days. Overall, 130 calves in 67 farms were monitored and these contributed a total risk period of 30,062 days.
Behavioral Activation for Comorbid Depression in People With Noncommunicable Disease in India: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Feasibility Trial; Background: The increasing burden of depression and noncommunicable disease (NCD) is a global challenge, especially in low-and middle-income countries, considering the resource constraints and lack of trained human resources in these settings. Effective treatment of depression in people with NCDs has the potential to enhance both the mental and physical well-being of this population. It will also result in the effective use of the available health care resources. Brief psychological therapies, such as behavioral activation (BA), are effective for the treatment of depression. BA has not been adapted in the community health care services of India, and the feasibility of using BA as an intervention for depression in NCD and its effectiveness in these settings have not been systematically evaluated. Objective: Our objective is to adapt BA for the Indian NCD context and test the acceptability, feasibility, and implementation of the adapted BA intervention (BEACON intervention package [BIP]). Additionally, we aim to test the feasibility of a randomized controlled trial evaluation of BIP for the treatment of depression compared with enhanced usual care. Methods: Following well-established frameworks for intervention adaptation, we first adapted BA (to fit the linguistic, cultural, and resource context) for delivery in India. The intervention was also adapted for potential remote delivery by telephone. In a randomized controlled trial, we will be testing the acceptability, feasibility, and implementation of the adapted BA intervention (BIP). We shall also test if a randomized controlled feasibility trial can be delivered effectively and estimate important parameters (eg, recruitment and retention rates and completeness of follow-up) needed to design a future definitive trial. Results: Following the receipt of approval from all the relevant agencies, the development of the BIP was started on November 28, 2020, and completed on August 18, 2021, and the quantitative data collection was started on August 23, 2021, and completed on December 10, 2021. Process evaluation (qualitative data) collection is ongoing. Both the qualitative and quantitative data analyses are ongoing. Conclusions: This study may offer insights that could help in closing the gap in the treatment of common mental illness, particularly in nations with limited resources, infrastructure, and systems such as India. To close this gap, BEACON tries to provide BA for depression in NCDs through qualified NCD (BA) counselors integrated within the state-run NCD clinics. The results of this study may aid in understanding whether BA as an intervention is acceptable for the population and how feasible it will be to deliver such interventions for depression in NCD in South Asian countries such as India. The BIP may also be used in the future by Indian community clinics as a brief intervention program. Trial Registration: Clinical Trials Registry of India CTRI/2020/05/025048; https://tinyurl.com/mpt33jv5 International Registered Report Identifier (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/41127
Complementary and alternative therapies for management of odor in malignant fungating wounds: a critical review; Malignant fungating wounds (MFWs) affect an estimated 5%-10% of all people with cancer. They have a profound effect on the individual, and their associated symptoms such as bleeding, odor, exudate, and pain cause much distress, anxiety, and social isolation. Odor is cited by patients and clinicians as the worst aspect of such wounds. Strategies to manage odor at the wound site include the use of complementary and alternative therapies. This review aimed to synthesize the current evidence for the use of complementary and alternative therapies in the management of odor in MFWs. No restrictions on date, language, or care setting were applied. Nine databases were searched yielding four papers meeting our criteria. Of the four papers, one was a randomized controlled trial (RCT), and three were case studies. Two papers investigated the use of green tea teabags as a secondary dressing, while others used essential oils either combined with a cream applied directly to the wound or as a secondary dressing. In an RCT, green tea was used as a solution to cleanse the wound followed by the application of green tea teabag as a secondary dressing versus metronidazole powder for the management of odor over 7 days. All patients reported a reduction in odor and physical discomfort, and an improvement in social interaction and appetite, but the difference between groups was not statistically significant. The case studies all reported an improvement in odor management. The use of complementary and alternative therapies in the management of MFW-associated malodor is not supported by evidence from RCTs. Green tea may have potential as a secondary dressing to manage odor. Further research in this area is warranted.
Long-term clinical outcomes of imiquimod 5% cream vs. diclofenac 3% gel for actinic keratosis on the face or scalp: a pooled analysis of two randomized controlled trials; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is an early in situ epidermal cancer which can progress to invasive squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Imiquimod 5% cream (IMIQ) and diclofenac 3% gel (DIC) are frequently used to treat AK; however, their long-term effects following repeated treatment cycles have never been compared. Objective To compare IMIQ and DIC in the treatment of AK with respect to the risk of change to grade III AK or invasive SCC, after 3 years. Methods Data were pooled from two randomized, active-controlled, open-label, multicentre, multinational, phase IV studies (Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00777127/NCT01453179), with two parallel groups. Studies were conducted between 2008 and 2015 and were almost identical in design. Patients eligible for inclusion were immunocompetent adults with 5-10 visible AK lesions on the face/scalp and grade I/II AK. The primary endpoint was inhibition of histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC in the study treatment area, observed until month 36. Patients applied either IMIQ or DIC for a maximum of six treatment cycles. Results In total, 479 patients (IMIQ 242; DIC 237) were included in the full analysis set. Histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC was observed until month 36 in 13 (5.4%) patients treated with IMIQ, compared with 26 (11.0%) patients treated with DIC (absolute risk difference -5.6% [95% confidence interval -10.7%, -0.7%]). Time to histological change was greater in the IMIQ group than the DIC group (P = 0.0266). Frequency of progression to invasive SCC was lower with IMIQ than with DIC at all time points. Initial clearance rate was higher in the IMIQ group compared with the DIC group, while recurrence rate was lower. Both treatments were well tolerated. Conclusions Over 3 years, IMIQ was superior to DIC in clearing AK lesions and preventing histological change to grade III AK or invasive SCC and recurrence.
Clinical and Ultrasound Efficacy of Topical Hypertonic Cream (Jovita Osmocell®) in the Treatment of Cellulite: A Prospective, Monocentric, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study; Background and Objectives: Cellulite, or edemato-fibro-sclerotic panniculopathy (EFP), is characterized by dermal and hypodermal changes leading to adipose tissue accumulation and compromised venous circulation. This study investigates the efficacy of a hypertonic cream containing concentrated sodium chloride (Jovita Osmocell (R)) in addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue, aiming to interrupt the cellulite formation process. Materials and Methods: A 12-week, prospective, monocentric, double-blind, placebo-controlled study enrolled 30 female subjects with grade II or III cellulite. Patients were randomized to receive hypertonic cream or a placebo. Thigh circumference, ultrasound evaluations, and standardized photographs were collected at baseline, intermediate, and endpoint visits. Adverse events were monitored. Results: After 84 days, the hypertonic cream group exhibited a significant reduction in thigh circumference compared to the placebo group (p = 0.0037). B-mode ultrasound examinations revealed significant changes in the parameters studied, such as the thickness of the subcutaneous tissue. No statistically significant changes were noticed in the placebo group. Volunteers reported the investigational product's pleasantness and good anti-cellulite activity, with no reported adverse events. Conclusions: The hypertonic cream demonstrated efficacy in reducing thigh circumference, addressing water retention and structural alterations in adipose tissue. The proposed mechanism involves osmosis, releasing accumulated fluids between fat cells, supporting drainage, and reducing inflammation. This study supports the efficacy and safety of hypertonic sodium chloride emulsions in cellulite treatment and confirms safety and user satisfaction.
Development of a cross-over randomized trial method to determine the acceptability and safety of novel ready-to-use therapeutic foods; Objective: To develop a method for determining the acceptability and safety of ready-to-use therapeutic foods (RUTF) before clinical trialing. Acceptability was defined using a combination of three consumption, nine safety, and six preference criteria. These were used to compare a soy/maize/sorghum RUTF (SMS-RUTFh), designed for the rehabilitation of human immunodeficiency virus/tuberculosis (HIV/TB) wasted adults, with a peanut-butter/milk-powder paste (P-RUTF; brand: Plumpy'nut) designed for pediatric treatment.
Neonatal mortality associated with sodium monofluoracetate in kids fed with colostrum from goats ingesting <i>Amorimia septentrionalis</i>; Sudden deaths after colostrum ingestion in kids and lambs born to mothers grazing in areas with Amorimia septentrionalis have been reported in the Brazilian northeastern semi-arid region, in Paraiba state. This study aimed to determine whether the sodium monofluoracetate (MF) contained in A. septentrionalis is eliminated in milk, causing the death of kids. After confirming gestation on the 25th day after mating, 26 goats were randomly distributed into three groups. In Group 1, eight goats received fresh leaves of A. septentrionalis in daily doses of 1g/kg body weight, administered at three different periods during gestation: from days 91 to 100, 116 to 125, and from day 140 until delivery day. In Group 2, consisting of 10 females, eight goats received 1g/kg body weight of A. septentrionalis dried and milled leaves, fed daily from the 140th day of gestation until delivery. The other two goats of this group did not ingest the plant during gestation and after delivery the colostrum supplied to their kids was replaced by colostrum of goats from that same group that had ingested the plant. Eight goats from Group 3 (control) did not ingest A. septentrionalis. Seven goats from Group 1 showed signs of poisoning from 2nd to 8th days of plant administration, in all periods, and recovered within 7 to 12 days. Another goat presented severe clinical signs and was submitted to euthanasia in extremis. Two goats aborted. Four kids, from two goats, received colostrum and, after 15 minutes, presented depression, breathing wheezing, lateral recumbence, bleating, and death. Two goats gave birth at night; the two kids were found dead and, at necropsy, it was verified that they were born alive. The last goat in this group gave birth to two kids which showed no signs of poisoning after colostrum ingestion. In Group 2, the eight goats that ingested dry leaves of the plant presented tachycardia and engorgement of the jugular veins; six aborted, and the kids of the other two goats died immediately after delivery without ingesting colostrum. The three kids of the two goats that did not ingest the plant during gestation did not show signs of poisoning after ingesting colostrum from the goats that had ingested the plant. In Group 3, all females kidded normally and the kids showed no signs of poisoning. Ten leaf samples of A. septentrionalis contained 0.00074% +/- 0.00018 MF. These results demonstrate that the MF of A. septentrionalis is eliminated in colostrum and may cause the death of kids. As in previous reports, the plant also caused abortion.
Surgical excision versus topical 5% 5-fluorouracil and photodynamic therapy in treatment of Bowen's disease: A multicenter randomized controlled trial; Background: Randomized controlled trials comparing the effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil cream, methylaminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) and surgical excision in patients with Bowen's disease are lacking. Methods: In this multicenter noninferiority trial, patients with a histologically proven Bowen's disease of 4-40 mm were randomly assigned to excision with 5 mm margin, 5% 5-fluorouracil cream twice daily for 4 weeks, or 2 sessions of MAL-PDT with 1 week interval. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients with sustained clearance at 12 months after treatment. A noninferiority margin of 22% was used. Results: Between May 2019 and January 2021, 250 patients were randomized. The proportion of patients with sustained clearance was 97.4% (75/77) after excision, 85.7% (66/77) after 5-fluorouracil, and 82.1% (64/78) after MAL-PDT. Absolute differences were -11.7% (95% CI -18.9 to -4.5; P = .0049) for 5-fluorouracil versus excision and -15.4% (95% CI -23.1 to -7.6; P = .00078) for MAL-PDT versus excision. Both noninvasive treatments significantly more often led to good or excellent cosmetic outcome. Conclusions: Based on our predefined noninferiority margin of 22%, 5-fluorourcail is noninferior to excision and associated with better cosmetic outcome. For MAL-PDT noninferiority to excision cannot be concluded. Therefore, 5-fluorouracil should be preferred over excision and MAL-PDT in treatment of Bowen's disease.
Re-assessing the importance of linear type traits in predicting genetic merit for survival in an aging Holstein-Friesian dairy cow population; The cumulative improvement achieved in the genetic merit for reproductive performance in dairy populations will likely improve dairy cow longevity; therefore, it is time to reassess whether linear type traits are still suitable predictors of survival in an aging dairy cow population. The objective of the present study was therefore to estimate the genetic correlations between linear type traits and survival from one parity to the next and, in doing so, evaluate if those genetic correlations change with advancing parity. After edits, 152,894 lactation survival records (first to ninth parity) were available from 52,447 Holstein-Friesian cows, along with linear type trait records from 52,121 Holstein-Friesian cows. A series of bivariate random regression models were used to estimate the genetic covariances between survival in different parities and each linear type trait. Heritability estimates for survival per parity ranged from 0.02 (SE = 0.004; first parity) to 0.05 (SE = 0.01; ninth parity). Pairwise genetic correlations between survival among different parities varied from 0.42 (first and ninth parity) to 1.00 (eighth to ninth parity), with the strength of these genetic correlations being inversely related to the interval between the compared parities. The genetic correlations between survival and the individual linear type traits varied across parities for 9 of the 20 linear type traits examined, but the correlations with only 3 of these linear type traits strengthened as the cows aged; these 3 traits were rear udder height, teat length, and udder depth. Given that linear type traits are frequently scored in first parity and are genetically correlated with survival in older parities, they may be suitable early predictors of survival, especially for later parity cows. Additionally, the direction of the genetic correlations between survival and rear udder height, teat length, and udder depth did not change between parities; hence, selection for survival in older parities using these linear type traits should not hinder genetic improvement for survival in younger parities.
Deep phenotyping and biomarkers of various dairy fat intakes in an 8-week randomized clinical trial and 2-year swine study; Health effects of dairy fats (DF) are difficult to evaluate, as DF intakes are hard to assess epidemiologically and DF have heterogeneous compositions that influence biological responses. We set out to find biomarkers of DF intake and assess biological response to a summer DF diet (R2), a winter DF diet (R3), and a R3 supplemented with calcium (R4) compared to a plant-fat-based diet (R1) in a randomized clinical trial (n = 173) and a 2-year study in mildly metabolically disturbed downsized pigs (n = 32). Conventional clinical measures were completed by LC/MS plasma metabolomics/lipidomics. The measured effects were modeled as biological functions to facilitate interpretation.DF intakes in pigs specifically induced a U-shaped metabolic trajectory, reprogramming metabolism to close to its initial status after a one-year turnaround. Twelve lipid species repeatably predicted DF intakes in both pigs and humans (6.6% errors). More broadly, in pigs, quality of DF modulated the time-related biological response (R2: 30 regulated functions, primarily at 6 months; R3: 26 regulated functions, mostly at 6-12 months; R4: 43 regulated functions, mostly at 18 months). Despite this heterogeneity, 9 functions overlapped under all 3 DF diets in both studies, related to a restricted area of amino acids metabolism, cofactors, nucleotides and xenobiotic pathways and the microbiota. In conclusion, over the long-term, DF reprograms metabolism to close to its initial biological status in metabolically-disrupted pigs. Quality of the DF modulates its metabolic influence, although some effects were common to all DF. A resilient signature of DF consumption found in pigs was validated in humans.(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of treatment with long-acting antibiotic at postweaning movement on respiratory disease and on growth in commercial dairy calves; Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is a major concern when raising replacement heifers because of the high incidence and long-term effects of this disease, such as decreased growth and increased time to first calving. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of tulathromycin (TUL) treatment at postweaning movement on the incidence of BRD in dairy replacement heifers. A total of 1,395 heifers were enrolled between November 2006 and June 2007 at a commercial heifer-raising facility. Calves were randomly assigned either to treatment with TUL or to a positive control group treated with oxytetracycline (TET). Calves treated with TUL were 0.5 times (95% CI: 0.4 to 0-7) less likely to be treated for BRD in the 60 d following enrollment than calves treated with TET. For calves that had no history of BRD in the pre-enrollment period, TET calves weighed 4.9 +/- 0.5 kg less than TUL calves after 6 wk in group housing. If calves were treated for BRD in the pre-enrollment period, there was no treatment effect on growth. Calves with clinical BRD in the 60 d following movement weighed 7.9 +/- 0.6 kg less than calves without BRD after 6 wk in group housing. Treatment with TUL at the time of movement to group housing had a beneficial effect on the health and performance through the prevention of BRD in dairy calves with no prior history of the disease. Moreover, BRD after movement to group housing after weaning had a significant effect on the growth of dairy calves.
High maternal milk intake in the postnatal life reduces the incidence of breast cancer during adulthood in rats; Environmental factors during perinatal life can lead to changes in the mammary gland, making it susceptible to cancer in adulthood. Breastfeeding has a special importance since it takes place at a critical period of growth and development of the newborn. We aimed to analyze if an appropriate lactation protects the offspring against mammary carcinogenesis during adult life and explore the mechanisms involved in the protective effect. One-day-old Sprague-Dawley female rats were randomly distributed in litters of three (L3), eight (L8) or 12 (L12) pups per dam, to induce a differential consumption of breast milk. At 55 days of age, the animals were treated with a single dose of dimethylbenzanthracene to study tumor latency, incidence and progression. Histological, immunohistochemical and Western blot studies were performed. We observed lower incidence and higher latency in L3 compared to the other groups. The mitotic index and expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) was significantly augmented in tumors of L12 rats compared to L3 and L8, while the apoptotic index was augmented in tumors of L3 v. L12. Cleaved caspase 8 was significantly higher in tumors from L3 compared to L12. Tumors developed in L3 have a greater number of apoptotic bodies and a greater expression of caspase 8. These results demonstrate that the animals that maintained a higher intake of maternal milk (L3) presented lower incidence and greater tumor latency. Lower consumption of breast milk (L12) would increase tumor mitosis and the expression of PCNA, explaining the higher tumor incidence observed in this group.
Short-term effects of replacing milk with cola beverages on insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-glucose metabolism: a 10 d interventional study in young men; In the Western world, a trend towards increased consumption of carbonated soft drinks combined with a decreasing intake of milk is observed. This may affect circulating insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and fasting insulin, as seen in pre-pubertal children. The present study was designed to reflect the trend of replacing milk with carbonated beverages in young men and to study the effects of this replacement on IGF-I, IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3), IGF-I:IGFBP-3 and glucose-insulin metabolism. A randomised, controlled crossover intervention study, in which eleven men aged 22-29 years were given a low-Ca diet in two 10 d periods with 10 d washout in between. In one period, they drank 2.5 litres of Coca Cola(R) per day and the other period 2.5 litres of semi-skimmed milk. Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 (RIA), insulin (fluoro immunoassay) and glucose (Cobas) were determined at baseline and end point of each intervention period. Insulin resistance and P-cell function were calculated with the homeostasis model assessment. A decrease in serum IGF-I was observed in the cola period compared with the milk period (P<0.05). No effects of treatment were observed on IGFBP-3, IGF-I:IGFBP-3, insulin, glucose, insulin resistance or P-cell function. The present study demonstrates that high intake of cola over a 10 d period decreases total IGF-I compared with a high intake of milk, with no effect on glucose-insulin metabolism in adult men. It is unknown whether this is a transient phenomenon or whether it has long-term consequences.
Mortality Trends of Oncology and Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant Patients Supported on Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: There is an increasing frequency of oncology and hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) patients seen in the intensive care unit and requiring extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), however, prognosis of this population over time is unclear. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane and Web of Science were searched from earliest publication until April 10, 2020 for studies to determine the mortality trend over time in oncology and HSCT patients requiring ECMO. Primary outcome was hospital mortality. Random-effects meta-analysis model was used to obtain pooled estimates of mortality and 95% confidence intervals. A priori subgroup metanalysis compared adult versus pediatric, oncology versus HSCT, hematological malignancy versus solid tumor, allogeneic versus autologous HSCT, and veno-arterial versus veno-venous ECMO populations. Multivariable meta-regression was also performed for hospital mortality to account for year of study and HSCT population. Results: 17 eligible observational studies (n = 1109 patients) were included. Overall pooled hospital mortality was 72% (95% CI: 65, 78). In the subgroup analysis, only HSCT was associated with a higher hospital mortality compared to oncology subgroup [84% (95% CI: 70, 93) vs. 66% (95% CI: 56, 74); P = 0.021]. Meta-regression showed that HSCT was associated with increased mortality [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 3.84 (95% CI 1.77, 8.31)], however, mortality improved with time [aOR 0.92 (95% CI: 0.85, 0.99) with each advancing year]. Conclusion: This study reports a high overall hospital mortality in oncology and HSCT patients on ECMO which improved over time. The presence of HSCT portends almost a 4-fold increased risk of mortality and this finding may need to be taken into consideration during patient selection for ECMO.
Herbal medicines for liver diseases; Herbal medicines have been used in the treatment of liver diseases for a long time. A number of herbal preparations are available in the market. This article reviews four commonly used herbal preparations: (1) Phyllanthus, (2) Silybum marianum (milk thistle), (3) glycyrrhizin (licorice root extract), and (4) Liv 52 (mixture of herbs). Phyllanthus has a positive effect on clearance of HBV markers and there are no major adverse effects; there are no data from randomized controlled trials on clinically relevant outcomes, such as progression of chronic hepatitis to cirrhosis and/or liver cancer, and on survival. Silymarin does not reduce mortality and does not improve biochemistry and histology among patients with chronic liver disease; however, it appears to be safe and well tolerated. Stronger neominophagen C (SNMC) is a Japanese preparation that contains 0.2% glycyrrhizin, 0.1% cysteine, and 2% glyceine. SNMC does not have antiviral properties; it primarily acts as an anti-inflammatory or cytoprotective drug. It improves mortality in patients with subacute liver failure and improves liver functions in patients with subacute hepatic failure, chronic hepatitis, and cirrhosis with activity. SNMC does not reduce mortality among patients with cirrhosis with activity. SNMC may prevent the development of hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with chronic hepatitis C, however, prospective data are lacking. Liv 52, an Ayurvedic hepatoprotective agent, is not useful in the management of alcohol-induced liver disease. Standardization of herbal medicines has been a problem and prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials are lacking to support their efficacy. The methodological qualities of clinical trials of treatment with herbal preparations are poor. The efficacy of these herbal preparations need to be evaluated in rigorously designed, larger randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trials.
Factors affecting conception rates following artificial insemination or embryo transfer in lactating holstein cows; The objective of this study was to evaluate the factors that may affect conception rates (CR) following artificial insemination (AI) or embryo transfer (ET) in lactating Holstein cows. Estrous cycling cows producing 33.1 +/- 7.2 kg of milk/d received PGF(2 alpha) injections and were assigned randomly to 1 of 2 groups (AI or ET). Cows detected in estrus (n = 387) between 48 and 96 h after the PGF2a injection received AI (n = 227) 12 h after detection of estrus or ET (n = 160) 6 to 8 d later (1 fresh embryo, grade 1 or 2, produced from nonlactating cows). Pregnancy was diagnosed at 28 and 42 d after estrus, and embryonic loss occurred when a cow was pregnant on d 28 but not pregnant on d 42. Ovulation, conception, and embryonic loss were analyzed by a logistic model to evaluate the effects of covariates [days in milk (DIM), milk yield, body temperature (BT) at d 7 and 14 post-AI, and serum concentration of progesterone (P4) at d 7 and 14 post-AI] on the probability of success. The first analysis included all cows that were detected in estrus. The CR of AI and ET were different on d 28 (AI, 32.6% vs. ET, 49.4%) and 42 (AI, 29.1% vs. ET, 38.8%) and were negatively influenced by high BT (d 7) and DIM. The second analysis included only cows with a corpus luteum on d 7. Ovulation rate was 84.8% and was only negatively affected by DIM. Conception rates of AI and ET were different on d 28 (AI, 37.9% vs. ET, 59.4%) and 42 (AI, 33.8% vs. ET, 46.6%) and were negatively influenced by high BT (d 7). The third analysis included only ovulating cows that were 7 d postestrus. Conception rates of AI and ET were different on d 28 (AI, 37.5% vs. ET, 63.2%) and 42 (AI, 31.7% vs. ET, 51.7%) and were negatively influenced by high BT (d 7). There was a positive effect of serum concentration of P4 and a negative effect of milk production on the probability of conception for the AI group but not for the ET group. The fourth analysis was embryonic loss (AI, 10.8% vs. ET, 21.5%). The transfer of fresh embryos is an important tool to increase the probability of conception of lactating Holstein cows because it can bypass the negative effects of milk production and low P4 on the early embryo. The superiority of ET vs. AI is more evident in high-producing cows. High BT measured on d 7 had a negative effect on CR and embryonic retention.
Novel Approach for Pain Control in Patients Undergoing Prostate Biopsy: Iliohypogastric Nerve Block with or without Topical Application of Prilocaine-Li-docaine: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Purpose: To investigate the efficacy of a novel anesthetic technique called iliohypogastric nerve block ([NB) for pain control in patients undergoing prostate biopsy.
Influence of Different Weaning Ages on Growth Performance of Achai Crossed Jersey Calves; Early calf mortality (ECM) is one of the major constraints in livestock production system of Pakistan. Therefore, this study was designed to investigate the effect of different weaning ages on the growth performance of cattle calves to reduce ECM. Nine calves (Achai crossed Jersey) were randomly distributed into three weaning age groups viz., A = 90, B = 70, and C = 110 days. In group A, calves were fed with whole milk at 10% of live body weight (LBW) for 4-7 days after initial colostrum feeding at 10% of LBW. From 8-30 days they received milk at 10% LBW + calf starter ration (CSR). During 31 to 63 days, milk at 10% LBW + CSR + green fodder (GF) was fed. Then, from 64-77 days they were fed milk at 5% LBW + CSR + GF. From 78-90 days milk at 2.5% LBW + CSR + GF. Calves in groups B and C were also fed with same feeding regimen with the corresponding age adjustments. The results showed that mean feed intake in weaning age groups-A, B and C was 5.71, 4.34 and 6.02 kg, respectively. Mean weight gain was 5.56, 5.02 and 6.70 (kg/15 days), respectively. Whereas, mean feed efficiency was 0.07, 0.13 and 0.09, respectively. Significant (P > 0.05) interaction was recorded for feed intake and feed efficiency between weaning age and feeding treatment. The economics of different weaning ages was also evaluated with maximum income from group-B (Rs. 71.1/day/calf). This study concluded that different weaning ages might contribute significantly to feed intake, body weight gain and feed efficiency of growing calves.
Oral silymarin formulation efficacy in management of AC-T protocol induced hepatotoxicity in breast cancer patients: A randomized, triple blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background
A pharmacokinetic evaluation of 0.5% and 5% fluorouracil topical cream in patients with actinic keratosis; Background: Systemic absorption of topical fluorouracil, although usually low, may vary as a result of the specific skin disease, product formulation, and other factors.
Topical Cannabidiol for Established Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathy: A Pilot Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: Patients have been known to use cannabinoids for treating established chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) based on anecdotal information and retrospective reports suggesting that such might be beneficial. In response, a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized, pilot clinical trial was developed to evaluate whether resultant data would support a phase III trial for testing whether a cannabidiol (CBD) cream might improve CIPN.Methods: Forty patients with established CIPN were randomized, in a double-blinded manner, to topical CBD or a placebo cream. The study product was applied for 2 weeks, followed by a crossover for 2 weeks. Neuropathy was evaluated using the European Organization of Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC)-CIPN20, the Chemotherapy-Induced Peripheral Neuropathy Assessment Tool, and the Global Impression of Change instruments. Side effects were recorded by symptom diaries.Results: The EORTC-CIPN20 scores were similar in the patients receiving CBD versus the placebo. Likewise, the toxicity scores were similar in patients who received the CBD versus the placebo.Conclusions: This pilot trial did not support that the studied CBD isolate cream improved painful established CIPN. It was well tolerated overall.Clinical Trial Registration Number: NCT05388058
Effects of an 8-Week Protein Supplementation Regimen with Hyperimmunized Cow Milk on Exercise-Induced Organ Damage and Inflammation in Male Runners: A Randomized, Placebo Controlled, Cross-Over Study; Prolonged strenuous exercise may induce inflammation, cause changes in gastrointestinal permeability, and lead to other unfavorable biological changes and diseases. Nutritional approaches have been used to prevent exercise-induced inflammatory responses and gastrointestinal disorders. Hyperimmunized milk, obtained by immunizing cows against specific antigens, promotes the development of immunity against pathogens, promotes anti-inflammatory effects, and protects intestinal function. Immune protein (IMP) is a concentrated product of hyperimmunized milk and is a more promising means of supplementation to protect against acute infections and inflammation. To determine whether IMP has protective properties against exercise-induced gastrointestinal dysfunction and inflammation, we examined biochemical markers, intestinal damage markers, and pro-/anti-inflammatory profiles of young male runners using a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over design. Urine samples were collected and used for measurements of creatinine, N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase, osmotic pressure, and specific gravity. Titin was measured as a muscle damage marker. Further, urine concentrations of complement 5a, calprotectin, fractalkine, myeloperoxidase, macrophage colony-stimulating factor, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, intestinal fatty acid binding protein (I-FABP), interferon (IFN)-gamma, interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-1 receptor antagonist, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p40, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. We demonstrated that urine osmotic pressure, urine specific gravity, I-FABP, IFN-gamma, IL-1 beta, and TNF-alpha were reduced by 8 weeks of IMP supplementation, indicating that IMP may have potential in preventing strenuous exercise-induced renal dysfunction, increased intestinal permeability, and inflammation. Thus, IMP supplementation may be a feasible nutritional approach for the prevention of unfavorable exercise-induced symptoms.
A provegetarian food pattern and reduction in total mortality in the Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea (PREDIMED) study; Background: Vegetarian diets have been associated with reduced mortality. Because a pure vegetarian diet might not easily be embraced by many individuals, consuming preferentially plant-derived foods would be a more easily understood message. A provegetarian food pattern (FP) emphasizing preference for plant-derived foods might reduce all-cause mortality.
Feeding sorghum ergot (<i>Claviceps africana</i>) to sows before farrowing inhibits milk production; Objective To assess the impact of feeding different amounts of sorghum ergot to sows before farrowing. Design Fifty-one pregnant sows from a continually farrowing piggery were sequentially inducted into the experiment each week in groups of four to seven, as they approached within 14 days of farrowing. Diets containing sorghum ergot sclerotia within the range of 0 (control) up to 1.5% w/w (1.5% ergot provided 7 mg alkaloids/kg, including 6 mg dihydroergosine/kg) were randomly allocated and individually fed to sows. Ergot concentrations were varied with each subsequent group until an acceptable level of tolerance was achieved. Diets with ergot were replaced with control diets after farrowing. Post-farrowing milk production was assessed by direct palpation and observation of udders, and by piglet responses and growth. Blood samples were taken from sows on three days each week, for prolactin estimation. Results Three sows fed 1.5% ergot for 6 to 10 days preceding farrowing produced no milk, and 87% of their piglets died despite supplementary feeding of natural and artificial colostrums, milk replacer, and attempts to foster them onto normally lactating sows. Ergot inclusions of 0.6% to 1.2% caused lesser problems in milk release and neo-natal piglet mortality. Of 23 sows fed either 0.3% or 0.6% ergot, lactation of only two first-litter sows were affected. Ergot caused pronounced reductions in blood prolactin, and first-litter sows had lower plasma prolactin than multiparous sows, increasing their susceptibility to ergot. Conclusion Sorghum ergot should not exceed 0.3% (1 mg alkaloid/kg) in diets of multiparous sows fed before farrowing, and should be limited to 0.1% for primiparous sows, or avoided completely.
Reaction-norm analysis of neonatal lamb mortality suggests heritability varies with cold-stress: an example in the Elsenburg Merino selection lines; Context. Coping with high levels of cold stress should be beneficial to survival of lambs, given the high mortality rate associated with severe winter storms. The Elsenburg Merino selection experiment involved divergent selection for reproduction. Phenotypic results comparing the positively selected H-Lines and negatively selected L-Lines suggested that cold-stress adaption could have contributed to the favourable genetic trends for survival of H-Line lambs. However, observing the genetic merit of better adapted animals depends on the presence of cold stress at the time of recording. A genotype by environment component (G x E) could, thus, be important when assessing survival/mortality phenotypes. Aim. This study proposed the genetic analysis of this possible G x E component and compared the H- and L-Lines in this regard. Methods. The sire model allowed the use of progeny phenotypes for neonatal mortality recorded during different levels of cold stress, and the possible G x E could be investigated through the reaction-norm approach. Genetic parameters were evaluated as random regression components by implementing a Gibbs sampling approach. A data set of 5723 individual lamb records was analysed as the progeny of 213 sires. Results. A modelled G x E component played an important role in mortality outcomes, with the mean estimate (and 95% confidence interval) for the slope (sigma(2)(sb) = 0.113[0.00190.28]) only marginally smaller than the corresponding estimate for the intercept (sigma(2)(sb) =0.124[0.003 a 0.26]). The reaction-norm model showed a higher heritability (h(2) +/- posterior standard deviation) for mortality at 3 days of age during high cold-stress (0.22 +/- 0.16 at similar to 1100 KJm(-2) h(-1) ) than during mild (0.13 +/- 0.10 at similar to 960 KJm(-2) h(-1) ) conditions, suggesting a greater ability to discriminate between sires at increasing stress levels. Conclusions. Failure to account for this G x E component putatively contributes to the low h(2) commonly reported for survival traits. The higher h(2) at increased levels of cold stress could have played an important part in the higher survival of the H-Line progeny, who were better at coping with cold, wet and windy conditions. Implications. Larger studies representing a wider environmental trajectory are recommended. This should be very feasible since cold stress can be derived from commonly available weather-station data.
Farm Community Impacts of Foot-and-Mouth Disease Outbreaks in Cattle and Buffaloes in Karnataka State, India; This study was conducted to assess the impact of Foot-and-mouth Disease (FMD) outbreak in cattle and buffaloes on farming community in Kolar district, Karnataka state, India. Primary data were collected using pre-tested schedule from 178 sample farms using multistage random cluster sample technique. The results revealed that 78% of surveyed villages were affected with FMD. The FMD incidence risk was high across the herd sizes, whereas the mortality risk was high in small herds. In indigenous cattle, the highest loss due to FMD was distress sale (208 USD) followed by other losses, whereas, in Crossbred cattle, the highest loss was mortality loss (515 USD) followed by distress sale (490 USD), milk yield loss (327 USD), treatment cost (38 USD) and extra labour engagement expenses for nursing of FMD-affected bovines (30 USD). In local and upgraded buffaloes, the mean total loss per affected animal was 440 USD and 513 USD, respectively. A very high variability in the loss per animal was observed across the type of losses in the Crossbred cattle, and it may be due to differences in age of the FMD-infected animal, value of the animal, milking stage, lactation levels, herd sizes and labour engagement levels, etc. In local and upgraded buffaloes, the mean total loss per animal was 639 USD and 1008 USD, respectively. The sensitivity analysis for 5% change in price revealed that the mean total loss per animal was positively correlated with price. Further, the social impact elicitation revealed that majority of the livestock owners perceived FMD had caused permanent asset loss, which in turn increased psychological stress of the family. The estimated losses and social impact due to FMD signify the importance of the intervention to control the disease and thus socio-economic gain to the farmer and society at large.
Photodynamic therapy vs. imiquimod 5% cream as skin cancer preventive strategies in patients with field changes: a randomized intraindividual comparison study; BackgroundActinic damage is responsible for the development of multiple, recurrent non-melanoma skin cancers (NMSCs), including actinic keratoses (AKs). Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and imiquimod cream (IMIQ) 5% are recommended as field-directed treatment options.
Genetic and phenotypic parameters for 305-day yield, fertility, and survival in Holsteins; A data file containing 122,715 lactation records of Holstein cows distributed across 11,374 herd-year-season groups was analyzed to obtain (co)variance estimates for yield, fertility and cow survival. Milk, fat, and protein yields were adjusted to 305 d. Days open was truncated to 305 d, and the number of services was truncated to 9. Survival of a cow during a full lactation (305 d) was recorded as 0 (died) or 1 (alive). Variance components for the six traits were estimated using a multiple-trait animal model and the REML procedure. The model included herd-year-season, parity (three groups), age (three groups nested within parity), sex of calf (1 = male, 2 female), and dystocia score(1 = no problem,..., 5 = extreme difficulty) as fixed effects and animal and permanent environment as random effects.
Vitamin D intake in Australian adults and the modeled effects of milk and breakfast cereal fortification; Objective: Vitamin D intake from foods or supplements is a safe and attractive means to improve vitamin D status of populations. The aim of this study was to help identify population subgroups that would benefit most from efforts to increase intake. To do so, we investigated which personal characteristics are associated with vitamin D intake in an Australian population and modeled possible effects of expanded food fortification practices.
Form of calf diet and the rumen. I: Impact on growth and development; Preweaning diet is known to affect rumen tissue appearance at the gross level. The objectives of this experiment were to investigate effects of different preweaning diets on the growth and development of the rumen epithelium and on putative rumen epithelial stem and progenitor cell measurements at the gene and cell levels. Neonatal Holstein bull calves (n = 11) were individually housed and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 diets. The diets were milk replacer only (MRO; n = 5) or milk replacer with starter (MRS; n = 6). Diets were isoenergetic (3.87 +/- 0.06 Mcal of metabolizable energy per day) and isonitrogenous (0.17 +/- 0.003 kg/d of apparent digestible protein). Milk replacer was 22% crude protein, 21.5% fat (dry matter basis). The textured calf starter was 21.5% crude protein (dry matter basis). Water was available ad libitum and feed and water intake were recorded daily. Putative stem and progenitor cells were labeled by administering a thymidine analog (5-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine, BrdU; 5 mg/kg of body weight in sterile saline) for 5 consecutive days and allowed a 25-d washout period. Calves were killed at 43 +/- 1 d after a 6 h exposure to a defined concentration of volatile fatty acids. We obtained rumen tissue from the ventral sac and used it for immunohistochemical analyses of BrdU (putative stem and progenitor cells) and Ki67 (cell proliferation), gene expression analysis, and morphological measurements via hematoxylin and eosin staining. Epithelial stem and progenitor cell gene markers of interest, analyzed by real-time quantitative PCR, were beta 1-integrin, keratin-14, notch-1, tumor protein p63, and leucine-rich repeat-containing G protein-coupled receptor 5. Body growth did not differ by diet, but empty reticulorumens were heavier in MRS calves (MRS: 0.67 +/- 0.04 kg; MRO: 0.39 +/- 0.04 kg). The percentage of label-retaining BrdU basale cells was higher in MRO calves than in MRS calves (2.0 +/- 0.3% vs. 0.3 +/- 0.2%, respectively). We observed a higher percentage of basale cells undergoing proliferation in MRS calves than in MRO calves (18.4 +/- 2.6% vs. 10.8 +/- 2.8%, respectively). Rumen epithelial gene expression was not affected by diet, but the submucosa was thicker in MRO calves and the epithelium and corneum/keratin layers were thicker in MRS calves. Presumptive stem and progenitor cells in the rumen epithelium were identifiable by their ability to retain labeled DNA in the long term, changed proliferative status in response to diet, and likely contributed to observed treatment differences in rumen tissue thickness.
Treatment of Actinic Keratoses With Sequential Use of Photodynamic Therapy and Imiquimod 5% Cream; Background: Field-directed therapies for actinic keratosis include photodynamic therapy and imiquimod.
Pharmacokinetics and Safety of Icotinib Hydrochloride Cream in Patients with Mild to Moderate Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: A Randomized Double-Blind Vehicle-Controlled Phase 1 Study; Objective. This phase I study aimed to systematically assess the safety, local tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and preliminary efficacy of topical icotinib hydrochloride cream in patients with mild to moderate plaque psoriasis. Materials and Methods. Eligible Chinese adult patients with mild to moderate psoriasis were assigned to the icotinib cream or vehicle group. Icotinib cream with increasing concentrations (0.5%, 1.0%, 2.0%, and 4.0%) or vehicle were administered by the fingertip unit method to the skin lesions twice a day for 4 weeks. Safety assessments included the incidence and severity of adverse events (AEs), local tolerability at the treatment area, vital signs, and laboratory examinations. Plasma levels of icotinib were also measured for the pharmacokinetics calculation. The efficacy was preliminarily explored by assessing the improvement in the severity level using Target Plaque Severity Score (TPSS) and overall improvement using the Psoriasis Area Severity Index (PASI) and Dermatological Quality Life Index. Results. Forty-one patients were enrolled and qualified for safety analysis. 27 (65.9%) patients experienced at least one AE, of which application-site adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were reported in 6 (14.6%) patients. All ADRs were of grade 1 or 2, most common irritation (4.5%), itching (3.1%), and erythema (2.4%), and resolved during follow-up. The systemic exposure to icotinib was very low; the highest plasma concentration was 0.214 ng/mL, while the area under the curve from 0 to 12 hours was 1.626 h<bold>ng</bold>/mL. The TPSS improved for all icotinib groups after treatment in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Conclusion. This phase 1 study demonstrated favorable safety, tolerable toxicity, and preliminary efficacy of icotinib cream in patients with mild to moderate psoriasis. The dose concentration of 2.0% (twice daily based on the fingertip unit method) is recommended for further study. Study Design. This is a single-center, randomized, double-blind, and vehicle-controlled study.
Foods and beverages and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies, an update of the evidence of the WCRF-AICR Continuous Update Project; Objective: As part of the World Cancer Research Fund International Continuous Update Project, we updated the systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies to quantify the dose-response between foods and beverages intake and colorectal cancer risk.
Effects of <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii</i> (CNCM I-1079) on feed intake, blood parameters, and production during early lactation; The periparturient period is a metabolically demand-ing time for dairy animals because of increased nutrient requirements for milk yield. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of feeding Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii (CNCM I-1079), a commercial ac-tive dry yeast (ADY), in dairy cows on productive and metabolic measures during the periparturient period. Primiparous (n = 33) and multiparous (n = 35) cows were fed a close-up total mixed ration (TMR) before calving and a lactation TMR postpartum. Three weeks before expected calving time, animals were blocked by parity and body weight and then randomly assigned to either control group (control; n = 34) or treatment (ADY; n = 34). All animals were housed in a tie-stall barn with individual feed bunks; the ADY animals received supplementary Saccharomyces cerevisiae bou-lardii (CNCM I-1079), top dressed daily at a predicted dosage of 1.0 x 1010 cfu (12.5 g) per head. Blood samples were collected weekly along with milk yield and milk composition data; feed intake data were collected daily. Serum samples were analyzed for glucose, nonesterified fatty acid, beta-hydroxybutyrate, haptoglobin (Hp), and the cytokines tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-6, and IL-18. Colostrum samples collected within the first 6 to 10 h were analyzed for somatic cell score and IgG, IgA, and IgM concentrations. Data were analyzed using PROC GLIMMIX in SAS with time as a repeated measure; model included time, parity, treatment, and their inter-actions. The ADY groups had greater milk yield (39.0 + 2.4 vs. 36.7 + 2.3 kg/d) and tended to produce more energy-corrected milk with better feed efficiency. There was no difference in plasma glucose, serum nonesterified fatty acid, serum beta-hydroxybutyrate, Hp, IL-6, or IL-18 due to ADY treatment. The tumor necrosis factor-alpha increased in ADY-supplemented animals (1.17 + 0.69 vs. 4.96 + 7.7 ng/mL), though week, parity, and their interactions had no effect. Serum amyloid A tended to increase in ADY-supplemented animals when compared to control animals and was additionally affected by week and parity; there were no significant interactions. No difference in colostrum IgG, IgA, and IgM was ob-served between treatments. Supplementing transition cow TMR with ADY (CNCM I-1079) improved milk production and tended to improve efficiency in early lactation; markers of inflammation were also influenced by ADY treatment, though the immunological effect was inconsistent.
Association of different milk fat content with coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction risk: A Mendelian randomization study; Background Numerous observational studies have investigated on the correlation of whole, semi-skimmed, and skimmed milk with coronary artery disease (CAD) and myocardial infarction (MI) risk; However, no consensus has been reached and evidence on any causal links between these exposures and outcomes remains unclear. This study aimed to conduct univariate and multivariate Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses, using publicly released genome-wide association study summary statistics (GWAS) from the IEU GWAS database, to ascertain the causal association of milk with various fat content with CAD and MI risk. Methods For the exposure data, 29, 15, and 30 single-nucleotide polymorphisms for whole milk, semi-skimmed milk, and skimmed milk, respectively, obtained from 360,806 Europeans, were used as instrumental variables. CAD and MI comprised 141,217 and 395,795 samples, respectively. We used inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median, MR-Egger regression, and MR Pleiotropy Residual Sum and Outlier analyses to determine whether pleiotropy and heterogeneity could skew the MR results. Sensitivity tests were conducted to verify the robustness of the results. Results After adjusting for false discovery rates (FDR), we discovered proof that skimmed milk intake is a genetically predicted risk factor for CAD (odds ratio [OR] = 5.302; 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.261-12.432; P < 0.001; FDR-corrected P < 0.001) and MI (OR = 2.287; 95% CI 1.218-4.300; P = 0.010; FDR-corrected P = 0.009). Most sensitivity assessments yielded valid results. Multivariable MR for CAD and MI produced results consistent with those obtained using the IVW method. There was no causal relationship between whole or semi-skimmed milk, and CAD or MI. Conclusion Our findings indicate that the consumption of skimmed milk may increase the risk of CAD and MI. This evidence may help inform dietary recommendations for preventing cardiovascular disease. Further studies are required to elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Association of food industry ties with findings of studies examining the effect of dairy food intake on cardiovascular disease and mortality: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective To determine if the association of dairy foods with cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes differs between studies with food industry ties versus those without industry ties. To determine whether studies with or without industry ties differ in their risk of bias. Eligibility criteria We included cohort and case-control studies that estimated the association of dairy foods with CVD outcomes in healthy adults. Information sources We searched eight databases on 1 February 2019 from 2000 to 2019 and hand searched reference lists. Risk of bias We used the Risk of Bias in Non-Randomised Studies-of Exposure tool. Included studies 43 studies (3 case-controls, 40 cohorts). Synthesis of results There was no clear evidence of an association between studies with industry ties (1/14) versus no industry ties (8/29) and the reporting of favourable results, risk ratio (RR)=0.26 (95% CI 0.04 to 1.87; n=43 studies) and studies with industry ties (4/14) versus no industry ties (11/29) and favourable conclusions, RR=0.75 (95% CI 0.29 to 1.95; n=43). Studies with industry sponsorship, (HR=0.78; n=3 studies) showed a decreased magnitude of risk of CVD outcomes compared with studies with no industry sponsorship (HR=0.97; n=18) (ratio of HRs 0.80 (95% CI 0.66 to 0.97); p=0.03). Strengths and limitations of evidence Every study had an overall high risk of bias rating; this was primarily due to confounding. Interpretation There was no clear evidence of an association between studies with food industry ties and the reporting of favourable results and conclusions compared with studies without industry ties. The statistically significant difference in the magnitude of effects identified in industry-sponsored studies compared with non-industry-sponsored studies, however, is important in quantifying industry influence on studies included in dietary guidelines. PROSPERO registration number CRD42019129659.
IMPAIRMENT OF ESTRAMUSTINE PHOSPHATE ABSORPTION BY CONCURRENT INTAKE OF MILK AND FOOD; The effect of milk and food on the pharmacokinetics of estramustine phosphate was investigated in six patients with prostatic cancer. In a randomized three-way cross-over study, the patients were given single doses of the drug together with low calcium water, low-calcium food and milk. The evaluation was based upon the plasma concentration of two metabolites, estromustine and estrone, as parent drug could not be detected in plasma. The tmax and lag time of estromustine were significantly  increased by milk and food intake and Cmax and AUC were significantly decreased. In comparison with water, the AUC of estromustine was 41% when the drug was taken with milk and 67% after simultaneous intake of standardized food. Corresponding figures for the peak values were 32 and 57%, respectively. The effect of milk and food intake on the pharmacokinetics of estrone was similar. Studies in vitro demonstrated that the dissolution of estramustine phosphate disodium was markedly impaired in  the presence of calcium. It was concluded that the rate and extent of absorption of estramustine phosphate were decreased when the drug was taken with milk or food due to the formation of a poorly absorbable calcium complex. To obtain high and reproducible absorption of Estracyt, the drug should not be take together with milk, milk products or other calcium-rich food or drugs.
Semen quality, antioxidant status and reproductive performance of rabbits bucks fed milk thistle seeds and rosemary leaves; The study aimed to investigate the effects of milk thistle seeds (MTS) and rosemary leaves (RL) both at 5 and 10 g/kg diet on reproductive performance, semen quality and blood metabolites of rabbit bucks. A total of 35 rabbit bucks were randomly distributed into five experimental groups (7 bucks/group). All the groups were fed the same basal diet. The 1st group (control) did not have MTS and RI. in its basal diet. The 2nd and 3rd groups were supplemented with MTS at 5 and 10 g/kg, respectively. The 4th and 5th groups were fed the basal diet supplemented with RL at 5 and 10 g/kg, respectively. The sperm concentration (SC), total sperm output (TSO), live sperm (LS), total live sperm (TLS) and total motile sperm (TMS) were significantly greater in the bucks fed MTS at 10 and RL at 5 g/kg diet than the control group. Bucks fed MTS at 10 g/kg diet had higher fertility than the control. Also, RL 5 g/kg group showed higher testosterone and fertility than the control, but the MTS 10 g/kg group showed the highest value for both parameters. In conclusion, MTS and RL at 10 and 5 g/kg, respectively, significantly improved the semen quality and the fertility and MTS also increased the economic efficiency of rabbit bucks.
Therapeutic Applications of Human and Bovine Colostrum in the Treatment of Gastrointestinal Diseases and Distinctive Cancer Types: The Current Evidence; The incidence of gastrointestinal disorders (GID) and cancers is escalating all over the world. Limited consumption of colostrum by newborns not only weakens the immune system but also predisposes infants to microbial infections. Colostrum is nature's perfect food, sometimes referred to as the 'elixir of life'. Breast-fed infants have a lower incidence of GI tract infections than infants fed formula or cow's milk. As per WHO statistics, cancer is the most prevalent disease globally and causes 9.6 million deaths worldwide. The current strategies for treating cancer include chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery. However, chemotherapy and radiation exposure are usually associated with serious long-term side effects and deterioration in the quality of life (QOL) of patients. Furthermore, the hospitalization and medication costs for treating cancers are exorbitant and impose high economic burden on healthcare systems. People are desperately looking for cost-effective and affordable alternative therapies for treating GID and cancers. Therefore, there is an urgent need for clinically evaluating the anticancer compounds isolated from plants and animals. Such therapies would not only be economical and have fewer side effects, but also help to improve the QOL of cancer patients. Recently, bovine colostrum (BC) has caught the attention of many investigators to explore its anticancer potential in humans. BC impregnated dressings are highly effective in treating chronic wounds and diabetic foot ulcer. BC is rich in lactoferrin, a glycoprotein with strong antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-cancer, and anti-microbial properties. Intravaginal application of BC tablets is effective in causing the regression of low-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. The underlying mechanisms of BC at cellular, genetic, and molecular levels remain to be ascertained. Oral BC supplement is well-tolerated, but some people may experience problems such as flatulence and nausea. Well-designed, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trials are needed to access the therapeutic potential, long-term safety, and optimal doses of BC products. This review is aimed to highlight the anticancer potential of BC and its components, and the therapeutic applications of BC supplements in treating gastrointestinal diseases in children and adults. We also discuss the health promotion benefits and therapeutic potential of BC nutraceuticals in reducing the incidence of non-communicable diseases.
Effect of camel milk lactoferrin against carbon tetrachloride induced hepatic toxicity in Sprague Dawley rates; Background: Chronic Hepatitis and mortality due to liver cirrhosis is common in Pakistan. Camel milk Lactoferrin has antiviral, anti-inflammatory properties. Nutraceutical foods like camel milk have many uses. Camel milk lactoferrin might be used for the cure of hepatic fibrosis induced by CCI4 in Sprague Dawley rats.
Effects of Soybean and Linseed Oils Calcium Salts and Starter Protein Content on Growth Performance, Immune Response, and Nitrogen Utilization Efficiency in Holstein Dairy Calves; Simple Summary In the current study we evaluated two fatty acid sources (soybean oil contained n-6 FA vs. linseed oil contained n-3 FA) along with two different starter protein contents (18 vs. 22% CP). Our findings show that different FAs can impact nitrogen utilization efficiency. Moreover, the immune system of calves is influenced by the interaction of FAs and starter protein content. This is the first report on the interaction effect of FAs and nitrogen content of starters in dairy calves, which can be interesting for both farmers and researchers in order to have optimized starter formulation in terms of the fatty acid source and starter protein contents in an accelerated growth program for calves in commercial dairy farms. This study aimed to investigate the interaction of fatty acid (FA) source [calcium salt of soybean oil (n-6 FA) vs. calcium salt of linseed oil (n-3 FA) both 3% DM basis] with protein content (18% vs. 22% CP, based on DM) on growth performance, blood metabolites, immune function, skeletal growth indices, urinary purine derivatives (PD), and microbial protein synthesis (MPS) in young dairy calves. Forty 3-day-old calves (20 females and 20 males) with a starting body weight (BW) of 40.2 kg were assigned in a completely randomized block design in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. Experimental diets were: (1) n-6 FA with 18% CP (n-6-18CP), (2) n-6 FA with 22% CP (n-6-22CP), (3) n-3 FA with 18% CP (n-3-18CP), and (4) n-3 FA with 22% CP (n-3-22CP). Starter feed intake and average daily gain (ADG) were not influenced by experimental diets (p > 0.05). However, before weaning and the entire period, feed efficiency (FE) was greater in calves fed n-3 FA compared to n-6 FA (p < 0.05). Heart girth (weaning, p < 0.05) and hip height (weaning, p < 0.05 and final, p < 0.01) were highest among experimental treatments in calves who received n-3-22CP diets. The greatest blood glucose (p < 0.05) and insulin (p < 0.01) concentrations in the pre-weaning period and the lowest serum concentration of tumor necrosis factor (before weaning, p < 0.05) were observed in calves fed the n-3-22CP diet. However, the greatest blood urea N (before weaning, p < 0.05; after weaning, p < 0.05) and urinary N excretion (p < 0.05) were found in calves fed n-6-22CP diets compared to other experimental arrangements. In conclusion, offering calves with Ca-salt of n-3 FA along with 22% CP content may be related to improved nitrogen efficiency and immune function.
Soymilk supplementation does not alter plasma markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women; Aging is associated with increasing levels of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress, both of which contribute to the progression of cardiovascular disease. Attenuation of such processes via dietary intervention has significant public health implications. Soyfoods, as a source of high-quality protein and isoflavones, may improve such indices, although such effects in healthy aging women are not well delineated. The purpose of this Study was to test the hypothesis that 4 weeks of daily soymilk consumption would improve systemic markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in postmenopausal women when compared with a dairy control. In September 2009, a single-blind, randomized, controlled trial was conducted on 3.1 postmenopausal women at Baylor University, Waco, Tex. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume 3 servings of vanilla spy (n = 16) or reduced fat dairy (n = 15) milk per day for 4 weeks. Plasma markers of inflammation (tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF-alpha], interleukin [IL]-1 beta, IL-6) and oxidative stress (superoxide dismutase [SOD], glutathione peroxidase [GPx], cyclooxygenase-2 [COX-2]) were obtained before and after supplementation. No significant differences were observed for any of the plasma inflammatory (TNF-alpha, P = .08; IL-1 beta, P = .14; IL-6, P = .26) or oxidative stress (SOD, P = .68; GPx, P = .58; COX-2, P = .99) variables by dietary treatment group. Despite good dietary compliance, our study failed to show a significant effect of soymilk consumption on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in this postmenopausal female population. Potential reasons for this nonsignificant finding are discussed, and future research directions are presented. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of bull fertility in dairy and beef cattle using cow field data; A successful outcome to a given service is a combination of both male and female fertility. Despite this, most national evaluations for fertility are generally confined to female fertility with evaluations for male fertility commonly undertaken by individual breeding organisations and generally not made public. The objective of this study was to define a pertinent male fertility trait for seasonal calving production systems, and to develop a multiple regression mixed model that may be used to evaluate male fertility at a national level. The data included in the study after editing consisted of 361,412 artificial inseminations from 206,683 cow-lactations (134,911 cows) in 2,843 commercial dairy and beef herds. Fixed effects associated with whether a successful pregnancy ensued (pregnant = 1) or not (pregnant = 0) from a given service were year by month of service, day of the week, days since calving, cow parity, level of calving difficulty experienced, whether or not the previous calving was associated with perinatal mortality, and age of the service bull at the date of insemination. Non-additive genetic effects such as heterosis and recombination loss as well as inbreeding level of the service bull, dam or mating were not associated with a successful pregnancy; there was no difference in pregnancy rate between fresh or frozen semen. Random effects included in the model were the additive genetic effect of the cow, as well as a within lactation and across lactation permanent environmental effect of the cow; pedigree group effects based on cow breed were also included via the relationship matrix. Temporal differences in the Al technician and service bull were also included as random effects. A difference in five percentage units in male fertility was evident between the average effects of different dairy and beef breeds. The correlation between raw pregnancy rates for bulls with more than 100 services (n = 431) and service bull solutions from the mixed model analysis was 0.66. The correlation between the raw pregnancy rates of 288 technicians with more than 100 services and their respective solutions from the mixed model was 0.35. These low to moderate correlations suggest considerable re-ranking among both service bulls and technicians and suggest possibly a benefit of using a statistical model to better estimate the performance of both service bulls and technicians. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Red palm olein supplementation on cytokines, endothelial function and lipid profile in centrally overweight individuals: a randomised controlled trial; Background/objectives The consumption of antioxidant-rich cooking oil such as red palm olein may be cardioprotective from the perspective of subclinical inflammation and endothelial function.
A randomized, multinational, noninferiority, phase III trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of BF-200 aminolaevulinic acid gel vs. methyl aminolaevulinate cream in the treatment of nonaggressive basal cell carcinoma with photodynamic therapy; BackgroundBasal cell carcinoma (BCC) represents the most common nonmelanoma skin cancer worldwide, affecting mainly adult, fair-skinned individuals. The World Health Organization distinguishes aggressive and nonaggressive forms, of which prototypical variants of the latter are primary nodular and superficial BCC.
The Mediterranean Diet in Cancer Prevention: A Review; The Mediterranean dietary pattern has a well-established beneficial role in health promotion. Epidemiologic studies reveal the protective role of adherence to this pattern on overall cancer incidence and mortality. This review examines results from prospective cohort, cross-sectional, and case-control studies assessing the role of the Mediterranean diet in cancer prevention. Original research studies that were published in English between 1985 and April 6, 2010, were selected through a computer-assisted literature search (i.e., PubMed and Scopus). From the initial search, 273 papers were selected. After the titles and the abstracts of these papers were read for relevance to this review, 17 studies were selected and are discussed here; 8 had a prospective design, 7 were case-control, 1 was a randomized screening study, and I was an interventional study. Although there is a lack of definitive evidence for the association of Mediterranean diet with various types of cancer, a dietary pattern emphasizing the consumption of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, and low-fat dairy products could be highly recommended for all people, and especially those at risk for cancer.
Dietary supplementation of milk fermented with probiotic <i>Lactobacillus fermentum</i> enhances systemic immune response and antioxidant capacity in aging mice; Although probiotics are known to enhance the host immune response, their roles in modulating immunosenescence, resisting infection, and improving redox homeostasis during aging remain unclear. Therefore, the present study was devised in aging mice to assess the antiimmunosenescence potential from the consumption of milk that is fermented with probiotic Lactobacillus fermentum MTCC 5898 (LF). We hypothesized that probiotic supplementation would boost immunity, improve antioxidant capacity, and resist severity of pathogenic infection in aging mice. To test this hypothesis, during a trial period of 2 months, 16-month-old male Swiss mice were kept on 3 experimental diets: basal diet (BD), BD supplemented with skim milk, and BD supplemented with probiotic LF-fermented milk. A concurrent analysis of several immunosenescence markers that include neutrophil functions, interleukins profile, inflammation and antibody responses in the intestine as well as analysis of antioxidant enzymes in the liver and red blood cells was performed. Neutrophil respiratory burst enzymes and phagocytosis increased significantly in probiotic LF-fed groups, whereas no exacerbation in plasma levels of monocyte chemotactic protein 1 and tumor necrosis factor a was observed. Splenocytes registered increased interferon-gamma but decreased interleukin 4 and interleukin 10 production, whereas humoral antibodies registered decreases in immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1)/IgG2a ratio and IgE levels in the probiotic-fed groups. Antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione peroxidase) in LF-fed groups showed increased activities, which were more pronounced in the liver than in red blood cell. An Escherichia coli based infection model in aging mice was also designed to validate the protective attributes of LF. Administration of probiotic LF significantly reduced E coli population in organs (intestine, liver, spleen, and peritoneal fluid), as compared with control groups, by enhancing E colt-specific antibodies and inflammatory proteins. Based on these results, it appears that LF supplementation alleviated immunosenescence, enhanced antioxidant enzyme activities, and resisted E coli infection in aging mice; thereby, signifying its potential in augmenting healthy aging. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Photodynamic therapy of human undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma-bearing nude mice using topical 5-aminolevulinic acid; Objective: We determined and evaluated the effect of photodynamic therapy (PDT) using topical 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA) cream in treating human undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma (UTC)-bearing nude mice. Background Data: UTC constitutes almost 10% of thyroid cancers and shows a very poor response to chemotherapy. Today PDT with topical ALA is successfully used for the treatment of a variety of neoplastic and non-neoplastic diseases. Materials and Methods: UTC tumor was implanted in the right flank of the nude mice after anesthesia. When the actual tumor size reached about 345 mm(3), all mice were divided randomly into a treatment group (n = 10) and a control group (n = 10). ALA cream was applied to tumors in treated mice and left on for 6 Ill as a retention interval; then the tumors were irradiated by a 633-nm diode laser with an incident dose of 60 J/cm(2). The tumor volumes were measured 7, 14, and 21 days after PDT in both groups. The percentage of tumor growth delay after PDT was calculated. All mice were sacrificed and the tumor weights were determined 21 days after PDT. Results: Mean tumor volumes on 21 days after PDT were 1141.19 +/- 153.74 mm(3) in the treated group and 2370.75 +/- 300.42 mm(3) in the control group. The percentage of tumor growth delay was -48.13 +/- 13.76 7 days after PDT, -54.9 +/- 8.83 14 days after PDT, and -51.11 +/- 8.95 21 days after PDT. Mean tumor weights 21 days after PDT were 1.78 +/- 0.32 g in the treated group and 3.60 +/- 0.60 g in the control group. There were significant differences (p < 0.001) in mean tumor volume and weight between the treated and control groups after PDT. Conclusions: PDT is effective in delaying the growth of UTC-bearing nude mice using topical ALA cream and laser light with inappropriate parameters. ALA cream as a topically applied photosensitizer was effective, safe, and convenient in PDT.
Prophylactic use of Mepitel Film prevents radiation-induced moist desquamation in an intra-patient randomised controlled clinical trial of 78 breast cancer patients; Purpose: Safetac-based soft silicone dressings used in a management setting decrease the severity of radiation-induced acute skin reactions but do not affect moist desquamation rates. Here we investigate the prophylactic use of another Safetac product, Mepitel Film, on moist desquamation rates.
Food intake and risk of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin in a community: The Nambour skin cancer cohort study; There is some evidence that dietary factors may modify the risk of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of the skin, but the association between food intake and SCC has not been evaluated prospectively. We examined the association between food intake and SCC incidence among 1,056 randomly selected adults living in an Australian sub-tropical community. Measurement-error corrected estimates of intake in 15 food groups were defined from a validated food frequency questionnaire in 1992. Associations with SCC risk were assessed using Poisson and negative binomial regression to the persons affected and tumour counts, respectively, based on incident, histologically confirmed tumours occurring between 1992 and 2002. After multivariable adjustment, none of the food groups was significantly associated with SCC risk. Stratified analysis in participants with a past history of skin cancer showed a decreased risk of SCC tumours for high intakes of green leafy vegetables (RR = 0.45, 95% CI = 0.22-0.91; p for trend = 0.02) and an increased risk for high intake of unmodified dairy products (RR = 2.53, 95% CI: 1.15-5.54; p for trend = 0.03). Food intake was not associated with SCC risk in persons who had no past history of skin cancer. These findings suggest that consumption of green leafy vegetables may help prevent development of subsequent SCCs of the skin among people with previous skin cancer and that consumption of unmodified dairy products, such as whole milk, cheese and yoghurt, may increase SCC risk in susceptible persons. (c) 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Efficacy testing of Goodnature A24 self-resetting rat traps for wild house mice (<i>Mus musculus</i>); House mice (Mus musculus) are worldwide pests in urban, agricultural, and natural settings. Goodnature (R) A24 rat+stoat self-resetting traps (A24s) are used globally for invasive rat control, yet adequate efficacy testing has not occurred against house mice. Our objective was to test efficacy of A24s against wild house mice. We first used cage/pen trials to determine whether the time from A24 impact to death was short and met international animal welfare standards (New Zealand National Animal Welfare Advisory Committee [NAWAC]). We varied lure type (peanut butter vs. Goodnature chocolate lure) and trap configuration (vertical vs. angled in a trap stand) to assess trap attractiveness. Of the 80 mice tested, 67 triggered A24s, and just three required our intervention and euthanasia because they were still alive 2 minutes after being struck by the A24. Time to death for the remaining 64 mice averaged (+/- SE) 50.9 +/- 2.6 seconds (median: 46.8 seconds, range: 19.8-120 seconds). Thus, A24s passed NAWAC standards of Class B for kill-traps against house mice. Although mice frequently contacted A24s during the 3-day trials, average time to trigger was 4.6 +/- 0.6 hours and 13 mice never triggered A24s. Baiting A24s with peanut butter resulted in significantly greater mortality (98%) than by using Goodnature chocolate lure (70%). Mice triggered A24s baited with peanut butter 2.3 times faster than Goodnature chocolate lure, and 2.7 times faster if A24s were angled in trap stands rather than positioned vertically. In further trials, we released groups of up to five mice into a 24 m(2) arena containing either two A24s or two snap-traps+two A24s. Two A24s in the arena resulted in all 25 mice triggering A24s and dying; mice were undeterred from triggering A24s when mouse carcasses were near A24s. When snap-traps and A24s were present, one of 38 mice survived the 9-day trials. If snap-traps were reset each 24 hours they killed significantly more mice than A24s, yet if they were not reset during trials the A24s killed significantly more mice than snap-traps. A24s appear adequate for use against house mice, especially if baited with peanut butter and angled in trap stands.
Effect of phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk on LDL-cholesterol in Thai subjects: a double-blinded randomized controlled trial; Background: Hypercholesterolemia, particularly high LDL-c and non-HDL-c levels, is a traditional risk for cardiovascular disease. Ingestion of diets containing phytosterols and inulin can reduce plasma LDL-c and triglyceride levels, respectively. Phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk may be an alternative for a supplemental diet to improve both LDL-c and non-HDL-c to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Bioactivity characterization of <i>Lactobacillus</i> strains isolated from dairy products; This study aimed to find candidate strains of Lactobacillus isolated from sheep dairy products (yogurt and ewe colostrum) with probiotic and anticancer activity. A total of 100 samples were randomly collected from yogurt and colostrum and 125 lactic acid bacteria were isolated. Of these, 17 Lactobacillus strains belonging to five species (L. delbrueckii, L. plantarum, L. rhamnosus, L. paracasei, and L. casei) were identified. L. plantarum 17C and 13C, which isolated from colostrums, demonstrated remarkable results such as resistant to low pH and high concentrations of bile salts, susceptible to some antibiotics and good antimicrobial activity that candidate them as potential probiotics. Seven strains (1C, 5C, 12C, 13C, 17C, 7M, and 40M), the most resistant to simulated digestion, were further investigated to evaluate their capability to adhere to human intestinal Caco-2 cells. L. plantarum 17C was the most adherent strain. The bioactivity assessment of L. plantarum 17C showed anticancer effects via the induction of apoptosis on HT-29 human cancer cells and negligible side effects on one human epithelial normal cell line (FHs 74). The metabolites produced by this strain can be used as alternative pharmaceutical compounds with promising therapeutic indices because they are not cytotoxic to normal mammalian cells.
Chemopreventive effect of a probiotic. Preparation on the development of preneoplastic and neoplastic colonic lesions: An experimental study; Background/Aims: A number of studies have suggested a key role played by certain resident gut bacteria in the development of large bowel cancer. The aim of the present study was to test the effect of a novel symbiotic preparation, which has been recently shown to beneficially modify gut ecosystem and systemic immunity, on either preneoplastic and neoplastic changes in a colon carcinogenesis model.
A randomised phase IIb trial to assess the efficacy of ReCharge ice cream in preventing chemotherapy-induced diarrhoea; Chemotherapy-induced diarrhoea (CID) has a significant impact. A medicinal food product (ReCharge) containing iron-saturated lactoferrin and anhydrous milk fat reduces the detrimental effects of chemotherapy on the gut in animals. We report results of a randomised blinded placebo-controlled phase IIb trial investigating the efficacy and safety of ReCharge in preventing CID.
EFFECT OF LEVEL OF FEEDING ON GROWTH, REPRODUCTIVE-PERFORMANCE AND MILK-PRODUCTION OF BEEF FEMALES; A total of 59 Aberdeen Angus females, each weighing about 190 kg and 7 mo. old, were randomly assigned to 5 levels of feed intake (140, 100, 80, 60 and 40% of the recommended allowance for total digestible nutrients). Two groups of females were assigned to the 60% level, one of which was raised to the 100% level 45 days prepartum. All females except those fed at the 140% level were raised to the 100% level at parturition until 150 days postpartum and then returned to prepartum levels. The females were removed from the experiment at their 1st estrus after the 2nd calving. Females fed at the 40% level of feed intake ceased to cycle before their 1st breeding date and had to be raised to the 100% level until estrous cycles were reestablished. Raising feed intake levels 45 days prepartum increased average daily gain (1.24 vs. 0.16 kg, P < 0.01) of the females but had no significant influence on calf birth weight, calf mortality, milk yield, average daily gain of calves, time to postpartum estrus and conception or conception rate. Both groups of females fed the 60% level of feed intake and those fed the 40% level gained faster (0.28 vs. 0.02 kg daily, P < 0.01) during lactation but weighed less (290 vs. 423 kg, P < 0.01) and gave less milk (2.8 vs. 3.4 kg, P < 0.01) than females fed the other levels. Although postpartum estrus and conception were delayed slightly, none of the females fed the 60 and 40% levels ceased to cycle after calving. Females fed the 140% level of feed intake became extremely fat and their milk production was similar to that of the other groups, but calf mortality was higher. Raising levels of feed intake postpartum increased gains and reproductive performance of females on levels below recommended allowances, but increasing either feed intake 45 days prepartum or feed intake levels above recommended allowances had no measurable benefit.
Impact of chest tube clearance on postoperative morbidity after thoracotomy: results of a prospective, randomised trial; Objective: In many centres of thoracic surgery, milking of chest tubes is performed to prevent them from blocking. The usefulness of chest tube clearance is discussed controversially. Therefore, we investigated the impact of postoperative chest tube milking on postoperative outcome in a prospective, randomised trial. Methods: Within a period of 11 months, 145 patients undergoing pulmonary resection through thoracotomy were included in the study. Two chest tubes each (silicone drainage, Redax, Mirandola, Italy) were placed in all patients (ventral tube 21Ch and dorsal tube 24Ch). Milking was applied to both chest tubes for 1 min every 2 h within the first 48 h postoperatively and continuous suction of -20 cm H(2)O was maintained for 48 h. Duration of chest tube drainage, quantity and quality of effusion or air leakage, co-morbidity, length of hospital stay and 30-day postoperative morbidity and mortality were analysed. Furthermore, outcome was measured by assessment of chest radiographs at the time of discharge from hospital. Results: Randomisation resulted in milking of chest tubes of 73 patients and in observation of chest tubes without any manipulation in 72 patients. Twenty-one patients had to be excluded from further analysis due to violation from the study protocol (n = 9), necessity of replacement of a chest tubes (n = 9) and re-operation for bleeding (n = 3). The 30-day mortality rate was 1.4% in each group and the 30-day morbidity was 49.3% in the milking group and 52.8% in the observation group. Milking of chest tubes was not associated with a lower postoperative mortality or morbidity (p = 0.99 and p = 0.67, respectively; chi-square test). We observed a significant increase of postoperative pleural effusion drainage in the milking group 48 h after surgery (p = 0.004; unpaired t-test). No correlation was seen between milking of chest tubes and the duration of chest tube drainage, quality of effusion, air leakage or length of hospitalisation. Conclusions: We showed for the first time that postoperative chest tube milking is associated with a significant increase of pleural fluid drainage. Postoperative morbidity and mortality was not improved and therefore chest tube milking cannot be recommended as a routine postoperative procedure. (C) 2009 European Association for Cardio-Thoracic Surgery. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Influence of pre and postnatal energy restriction on the productive performance of ewes and lambs; The objective of this study was to evaluate the influence of feeding energy levels during the last third of gestation and lactation on performance of ewes and lambs up to weaning. The experiment was carried out in the sheep raising sector of Universidade Estadual de Londrina (UEL), from August to December of 2007. Thirty-two adult lambs with 105 days of gestation, average live weight of 57.55 kg and average body condition scores of 3.42 were used in the beginning of the experiment. The animals were confined in collective pens, distributed randomly in three treatments: 2.4; 2.2 and 2.0 Mcal of metabolizable energy (ME)/kg of dry matter (DM). Feed supply was ad libitum during the last third of gestation and lactation. Weaning occurred at 70 days. Body weight, body condition score and milk production of ewes and body weight of the lambs were analyzed. There were no significant differences for body weight and body condition of ewes at lambing; however, the level of 2.4 Mcal enabled better results for those characteristics at weaning and higher gain in weight and body condition scoring during the experiment. Severe energetic restriction (2.0 Mcal ME/kg DM) determined lower average daily milk production. Lambs from levels 2.4 and 2.2 presented similar weights in all measurements and were superior to those in level 2.0. Lambs from level 2.4 presented higher average weight gain from birth to weaning. The energetic restriction upon lambs at the end of gestation and during lactation limits the performance of ewes and lambs up to weaning.
Effects of extracts of Scutellaria baicalensis and Lonicerae Flos on reproductive performance, milk quality and serum indexes in sows and growth performance in suckling piglets; The study was conducted to investigate the effects of extracts of Scutellaria baicalensis and Lonicerae Flos (SL) on reproductive performance, milk quality and serum indexes in sows and growth performance in suckling piglets. The experiment was adopted a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement design, one factor was the periods of supplementing sows with SL (d 80 - d 107 of gestation & d 108 of gestation - d 21 of lactation), the other factor was SL (0 mg/ kg & 1000 mg/kg). Eighty crossbred gestating sows were randomly divided into four treatments, a basal diet (BD) treatment (T1), BD + SL from d 108 of gestation - d 21 of lactation (T2), BD + SL during d 80 - d 107 of gestation (T3), and BD + SL from d 80 of gestation - d 21 of lactation (T4). The results showed that compared with T1, T2 increased piglet average weight, litter weight gain, the protein, whole milk solid (WMS) and non-fat milk solid (NFMS) contents in colostrum, the total protein (TP), globulin (GLB) contents and the catalase (CAT) activity at parturition, the CAT and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) activities on d 14 of lactation (P < 0.05), T3 decreased the concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor-& alpha; (TNF-& alpha;) at parturition (P < 0.05), T4 increased the litter weight, piglet average weight, litter weight gain, rearing rate of piglet, the protein, WMS and NFMS contents in colostrum, the TP and GLB contents, CAT and T-AOC activities at parturition, the TAOC activity on d 14 of lactation, the concentrations of immunoglobulin (Ig) G and IgM of piglets at 14 d (P < 0.05), decreased the concentrations of IL-6 and TNF-& alpha; at parturition (P < 0.05). Compared with T3, T2 and T4 increased piglet average weight and litter weight gain, T2 decreased the total bilirubin (TBIL) content at parturition (P < 0.05), T4 increased the CAT, T-AOC activities at parturition and T-AOC activity on d 14 of lactation, the concentration of IgM of piglets at 14 d (P < 0.05). Two-way analysis of variance showed that the SL treatment during the late gestation increased the rearing rate of piglets, the WMS content in colostrum, the CAT, T-AOC activities at parturition (P < 0.05). The SL treatment during the perinatal-weaning period increased the litter weight, piglet average weight,litter weight gain, rearing rate of piglets, the protein, WMS and NFMS contents in colostrum, the TBIL, TP and GLB contents, the CAT and T-AOC activities (P < 0.05), decreased the concentrations of TNF-& alpha; at parturition (P < 0.05). In conclusion, SL supplementation from late gestation to weaning improved antioxidant capacity, liver function, colostrum quality and immunity in sows, the growth performance and immunity in piglets.
Cream skimming by health care providers and inequality in health care access: Evidence from a randomized field experiment; Using a randomized field experiment, we show that health care specialists cream-skim patients by their expected profitability. In the German two-tier system, outpatient reimbursement rates for both public and private insurance are centrally determined but are significantly higher for the privately insured. In our field experiment, following a standardized protocol, the same hypothetical patient called 991 private practices in 36 German counties to schedule appointments for allergy tests, hearing tests and gastroscopies. Practices were 4% more likely to offer an appointment to the privately insured. Conditional on being offered an appointment, wait times for the publicly insured were twice as long than for the privately insured. We also find smaller access differences when reimbursement rate differences are smaller. Our findings show that structural differences in reimbursement rates lead to structural differences in health care access. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Topical immunomodulation under systemic immunosuppression: results of a multicentre, randomized, placebo-controlled safety and efficacy study of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatment of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart, and liver transplant patients; Objective In this study the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream for the treatments of actinic keratoses in kidney, heart and liver transplant recipients is evaluated.
Imiquimod-induced regression of actinic keratosis is associated with infiltration by T lymphocytes and dendritic cells: a randomized controlled trial; Background Imiquimod 5% cream is a topically applied immune response modifier that has been shown to give effective treatment of actinic keratosis (AK). The therapeutic effects of imiquimod are likely to involve the provocation of a cutaneous immune response against abnormal cells, an assumption based on a strong correlation between complete clearance rates and the severity of the local skin reactions (erythema, oedema, erosion/ulceration, weeping/exudation and scabbing/crusting); however, no clinical studies have conclusively proved this mechanism.
The palatability of milk-based and non-milk-based nutritional supplements in gastrointestinal cancer and the effect of chemotherapy; Introduction: Oral. nutritional supplements may have a role in the management of weight loss in patients With cancer. Information on preference for different types of nutritional supplements and the influence of taste changes and chemotherapy is limited. Aims and methods: This study aimed, in patients with gastrointestinal (GI) cancer, to determine the short-term preference for commonly used nutritional supplements compared With controls, to examine whether preference is altered by chemotherapy and to assess the reproducibility of taste assessments conducted using a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Patients with GI cancer and controls were asked to rate the acceptability of three oral nutritional supplements on a VAS before starting chemotherapy and after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. Supplements were presented in a random order in seated containers and subjects were blinded to the type of product. One supplement was repeated at random within each set (four cups) to assess the reproducibility of responses. Results: Sixty patients and 63 controls were included in the study, 47 patients and 47 controls were available for follow-up. Before the start of chemotherapy, patients had a higher mean preference for Calshake (5.9 cm) than Ensure plus (5.1 cm) and Fortijuce (3.2 cm) (P = 0.025 and P < 0.001). Calshake was the most preferred supplement in the control group (mean 6.6cm), with no significant differences in preferences between patients and controls. There were no changes in preference for patients after 6 weeks of chemotherapy. The results for the control group similarly showed no change after 6 weeks. No significant differences were found between scores assigned to the supplement repeated in the random order for any product at either timepoint.
Randomized controlled trial to evaluate transdermal testosterone in female cancer survivors with decreased libido; North Central Cancer Treatment Group protocol N02C3; Background Decreased libido is one of several changes in sexual function that are often experienced by female cancer patients. Transdermal testosterone therapy has been associated with increased libido among estrogen-replete women who report low libido.
An alkalinizing oral rehydration solution containing lecithin-coated citrus fiber is superior to a nonalkalinizing solution in treating 360 calves with naturally acquired diarrhea; The aim of this field study was to compare the efficacy and cost of 2 commercially available oral rehydration therapy (ORT) solutions in treating dairy calves with naturally acquired diarrhea. A total of 1;349 newborn Holstein-Friesian calves were prospectively enrolled in the study. Calves were housed in individual hutches and fed a mixture of pasteurized hospital milk and an all-milk protein milk replacer twice per day. Calves were monitored twice each day from d 2 of life until 30 d of age for the presence or absence of diarrhea; and were assigned a fecal score and a hydration score at each examination. Calves that developed mild to severe diarrhea that did not need intravenous fluids and did not have clinical evidence of concurrent disease (n = 360) were assigned randomly to receive 1 of 2 commercial ORT solutions: a hypertonic alkalinizing ORT containing lecithin-coated citrus fibers (Diaque; group D, n = 180; Boehringer Ingelheim; Ingelheim, Germany), and an isotonic nonalkalinizing ORT (RE-SORB; group R. n = 180; Pfizer Animal Health, New York; NY) for 2 to 8 d; the duration of treatment depended on whether diarrhea was still present. No significant differences were observed in mortality rates or treatment failure rates between the 2 treatment groups. Fecal consistency returned to normal more quickly in group D calves than in group R calves; consequently; group D calves were treated for 1 d less than were group R calves. The increase in body weight after 4 d of treatment was larger in group D than in group R. The average daily gain from birth to weaning in calves that did not develop concurrent disease (such as pneumonia) during the study period tended to be higher in group D calves (0.53 +/- 0.11 kg/d) than in group R calves (0.51 +/- 0.09 kg/d). The smaller number of treatments at a lower cost per treatment produced a cost advantage of $4.82 per treated calf in group D calves compared with group R calves. Our findings support the concept that milk should continue to be fed to diarrheic calves that are being administered an ORT solution in order to maintain growth.
Genome-wide scan for selective sweeps identifies novel loci associated with resistance to mastitis in German Holstein cattle; Domestication and selection significantly changed phenotypic and behavioural traits in modern domestic animals. In this study, to identify the genomic regions associated with mastitis, genomic data of German Holstein dairy cattle were analysed. The samples were genotyped using the Bovine 50 K SNP chip. For each defined healthy and sick group, 133 samples from 13,276 genotyped dairy cows were selected based on mastitis random residual effects. Grouping was done to infer selection signatures based on XP-EHH statistic. The results revealed that for the top 0.01 percentile of the obtained XP-EHH values, five genomic regions on chromosomes 8, 11, 12, 14 and 26 of the control group, and four regions on chromosomes 3, 4 (two regions) and 22 of the case group, have been under selection. Also, consideration of the top 0.1 percentile of the XP-EHH values, clarified 21 and 15 selective sweeps in the control and case group, respectively. This study identified some genomic regions containing potential candidate genes associated with resistance and susceptibility to mastitis, immune system and inflammation, milk traits, udder morphology and different types of cancers. In addition, these regions overlap with some quantitative trait loci linked to clinical mastitis, immunoglobulin levels, somatic cell score, udder traits, milk fat and protein, milk yield, milking speed and veterinary treatments. It is noteworthy that we found two regions in the healthy group (on chromosomes 12 and 14) with strong signals, which were not described previously. It is likely that future research could link these identified genomic regions to mastitis. The results of the current study contribute to the identification of causal mutations, genomic regions and genes affecting mastitis incidence in dairy cows.
Can Lactase Persistence Genotype Be Used to Reassess the Relationship between Renal Cell Carcinoma and Milk Drinking? Potentials and Problems in the Application of Mendelian Randomization; Background: Increased risk of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) with milk consumption has been reported from observational studies. Whether this represents a causal association or is a result of confounding or bias is unclear. We assessed the potential for using genetic variation in lactase persistence as a tool for the study of this relationship.
Role of Physical Activity and Diet After Colorectal Cancer Diagnosis; This review summarizes the evidence regarding physical activity and diet after colorectal cancer diagnosis in relation to quality of life, disease recurrence, and survival. There have been extensive reports on adiposity, inactivity, and certain diets, particularly those high in red and processed meats, and increased risk of colorectal cancer. Only in the past decade have data emerged on how such lifestyle factors are associated with outcomes in colorectal cancer survivors. Prospective observational studies have consistently reported that physical activity after colorectal cancer diagnosis reduces mortality. A meta-analysis estimated that each 15 metabolic equivalent task-hour per week increase in physical activity after colorectal cancer diagnosis was associated with a 38% lower risk of mortality. No randomized controlled trials have been completed to confirm that physical activity lowers risk of mortality among colorectal cancer survivors; however, trials have shown that physical activity, including structured exercise, is safe for colorectal cancer survivors (localized to metastatic stage, during and after treatment) and improves cardiorespiratory fitness and physical function. In addition, prospective observational studies have suggested that a Western dietary pattern, high carbohydrate intake, and consuming sugar-sweetened beverages after diagnosis may increase risk of colorectal cancer recurrence and mortality, but these data are limited to single analyses from one of two US cohorts. Additional data from prospective studies and randomized controlled trials are needed. Nonetheless, on the basis of the available evidence, it is reasonable to counsel colorectal cancer survivors to engage in regular physical activity and limit consumption of refined carbohydrates, red and processed meats, and sugar-sweetened beverages. (C) 2015 by American Society of Clinical Oncology
Influence of CReatine supplementation on mUScle mass and strength after stroke (ICaRUS Stroke Trial): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background Stroke is a leading cause of mortality and disability, and its sequelae are associated with inadequate food intake which can lead to sarcopenia. The aim of this study is to verify the effectiveness of creatine supplementation on functional capacity, strength, and changes in muscle mass during hospitalization for stroke compared to usual care. An exploratory subanalysis will be performed to assess the inflammatory profiles of all participants, in addition to a follow-up 90 days after stroke, to verify functional capacity, muscle strength, mortality, and quality of life.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug therapy for neonatal calf diarrhea complex: Effects on calf performance; The aim of this study was to examine the efficacy of meloxicam (MEL) as supportive therapy for calves with neonatal calf diarrhea complex. For this double-blind controlled trial, 62 Holstein male calves were purchased at birth and transported to a research facility. At the naturally occurring onset of diarrhea, defined as the first occurrence of a fecal score greater than 2 on a 4-point scale, calves were enrolled in the study. Each calf with diarrhea was randomly assigned to receive a single subcutaneous injection of MEL at a rate of 0.5 mg/kg of BW or an equal volume of placebo (PLA) solution. Milk, starter ration, and water intakes were determined daily for each calf from arrival until 56 d of age. The calves were weighed on arrival and each week thereafter. Time to weaning and weaning weight were recorded for each calf. Crude associations between treatment and each outcome variable were examined using t-tests and Pearson chi-squared tests. Subsequently, multivariable regression models were constructed to examine the impact of MEL therapy on meaningful outcome variables. The primary experimental unit in all analyses was the individual calf. In total, 56 calves presented with clinical signs of diarrhea and were enrolled in the study. Two PLA-treated calves died after being enrolled in the study, and there was no calf mortality among the MEL-treated calves. For calves that developed diarrhea after 10 d of age, MEL-treated calves were more likely to consume their entire daily milk allowance (P < 0.05) as compared with PLA-treated calves. Meloxicam-treated calves began consuming starter ration earlier (P < 0.01) and at a greater rate (P < 0.001), and consumed more water (P < 0.001) compared with PLA-treated animals. Over the study period, calves treated with MEL gained BW at a faster rate (P < 0.01) than calves treated with PLA. There was no difference in weaning weight (P > 0.05), but MEL-treated calves tended to wean earlier (P = 0.11) than PLA-treated calves. These results demonstrate that calves receiving a single injection of MEL at the onset of diarrhea had improved appetite and performance compared with PLA-treated calves. Thus, MEL is an effective supportive therapy for neonatal calf diarrhea complex.
Influence of Cow's Milk and Esomeprazole on the Absorption of Erlotinib: A Randomized, Crossover Pharmacokinetic Study in Lung Cancer Patients; Introduction Erlotinib's gastrointestinal solubility and absorption are decreased by proton pump inhibitors (PPIs). Since erlotinib is a lipophilic drug, we hypothesized that concomitant intake with the fatty beverage milk may be a feasible way to increase erlotinib uptake. We performed a two-period, randomized, crossover study to investigate the influence of cow's milk with 3.9% fat on the exposure of erlotinib with and without the PPI esomeprazole in patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The effect of esomeprazole was studied in an additional intrapatient comparison. Method Pharmacokinetic sampling was performed on days 7 and 14 during 24 consecutive hours. During the 7 days prior to pharmacokinetic sampling, erlotinib was taken daily with 250 mL of either water or milk. In the PPI arm, esomeprazole (40 mg once daily 3 h prior to erlotinib) was taken for 3 days. Results Erlotinib area under the curve from time zero to 24 h (AUC(24)) did not significantly change when administered with milk, compared with water, in both non-PPI users (n = 14; - 3%; 95% confidence interval [CI] - 12 to 8%;p = 0.57) and patients who used esomeprazole (n = 15; 0%; 95% CI - 15 to 17%;p = 0.95). Esomeprazole decreased erlotinib AUC(24)by 47% (n = 9; 95% CI - 57 to - 34%;p < 0.001) andC(max)by 56% (95% CI - 64 to - 46%;p < 0.001). No differences in toxicities were observed between milk and water. Conclusion Milk with 3.9% fat has no effect on the exposure to erlotinib in NSCLC patients, independent of PPI use. The combination with milk is safe and well tolerated. Concomitant esomeprazole treatment strongly decreased both erlotinib AUC(24)andC(max)and should be avoided if possible.
Comparisons of housing, bedding, and cooling options for dairy calves; Housing, bedding, and summer cooling were management options evaluated. Holstein calves (42 +/- 2 kg of body weight) initially 2 to 5 d of age were managed in southwest Ohio in poly hutches or wire mesh pens in a curtain-sided nursery with no supplemental heat. Calves were fed milk replacer (27% crude protein, 17% fat fed at 0.657 kg of dry matter per calf daily), starter (20% crude protein dry matter, textured, fed free-choice), and water (free-choice). Measurements were for 56 d. In trial 1, 28 calves per treatment were bedded with straw and housed in either hutches or nursery pens. This trial was conducted from September to March; the average temperature was 8 degrees C and ranged from -17 to 31 degrees C. In trial 2a, 16 calves per treatment were managed in nursery pens bedded with straw, in nursery pens bedded with sand, or in hutches bedded with sand. This trial was conducted from May to September; the average temperature was 21 degrees C and ranged from 7 to 33 degrees C. In trial 2b, 26 calves per treatment were housed in nursery pens and bedded with straw. This trial was conducted from May to September; the average temperature was 22 degrees C and ranged from 8 to 34 degrees C. One treatment was cooled with fans between 0800 and 1700 h and the other was not. Data were analyzed as repeated measures in a completely randomized block design by trial, with calf as the experimental unit. In trial 3, air in the nursery and calf hutches used above was sampled 35 d apart for calves aged 5 and 40 d. Air in individual hutches on 2 commercial farms was sampled for 5- and 40-d-old calves for 2 hutch types. Air in the multi-calf hutches was sampled for calves of 75 and 110 d of age. Bacterial concentrations of air samples were analyzed (log(10)) as odds ratios by Proc Logistic in SAS software (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC); differences were declared at P < 0.05. In trial 1, weight gain of calves in nursery pens was 6% greater and feed efficiency was 4% greater than that of calves in hutches. In trial 2a, weight gain and starter intake of calves in the nursery with straw bedding were greater and scouring was less than that in calves bedded with sand in the nursery or hutches. The relative humidity was greater in the hutches than in the nursery pens. In trial 2b, weight gain, feed efficiency, and hip width change were greater and breaths per minute were less for calves cooled with fans compared with calves that were not cooled. In trial 3, airborne bacteria concentrations were greater in the hutches than in the nursery pens. Straw bedding (vs. sand), nursery pens (vs. hutches), and summer daytime cooling with fans improved calf weight gain.
Associations between health status and the probability of approaching a novel object or stationary human in preweaned group-housed dairy calves; Neonatal calf diarrhea (NCD) and bovine respiratory disease (BRD) are the 2 most prevalent diseases affecting the welfare and productivity of preweaned dairy calves in the United States. Early detection of these diseases improves both the probability of recovery and animal welfare. Group housing of preweaned calves is increasing in popularity and disease detection in a socially competitive environment can be challenging. One method of detecting disease is through the observation of key behaviors that occur during illness. Novel object and stationary human approach tests can be used to measure exploratory behavior, which is decreased during the expression of sickness behavior. The objectives of this study were (1) to determine associations between 4 categories of health status and the probability of calves approaching a novel object or stationary human, and (2) to determine the associations between rectal temperature and the probability of calves approaching. Holstein heifer calves (n = 75) in group housing were tested weekly for the first 6 wk of life for their willingness to approach a novel object (OBJ) or stationary human (SH). After the approach tests, calves were evaluated by research staff using a standardized health-scoring system. Treatment records were obtained from the farm to determine detection of BRD, NCD, and umbilical infections. Associations between probability of approach and BRD status were analyzed using a linear mixed model with a logit-transform (PROC GLIMMIX), controlling for calf as a random effect. All models controlled for week, pen, pen order, and test order. Calves with clinical signs of BRD on test day were 0.5 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.3-0.9] and 0.5 (95% CI = 0.3-0.9) times as likely to approach the OBJ and SH compared with healthy calves, respectively. Calves with a fever (rectal temperature >= 39.4 degrees C) were 0.4 (95% CI = 0.2-0.8) and 0.4 (95% CI = 0.1-0.7) times as likely to approach the OBJ and SH compared with calves without fever, respectively. Calves that were recovering from NCD on test day, but were not showing clinical signs of NCD, were 0.4 (95% CI = 0.2-0.9) times as likely to approach SH, compared with healthy calves. These results suggest that approach tests may be useful for the identification of calves with clinical signs of BRD and calves with a fever in group housing.
Topical interventions to prevent acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients: a systematic review; The purpose of the study is to evaluate the effects of pharmacological and non-pharmacological topical controls in the prevention of radiation dermatitis.
Soy Milk Consumption, Inflammation, Coagulation, and Oxidative Stress Among Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Nephropathy; OBJECTIVE-To determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Sodium-butyrate as a growth promoter in milk replacer formula for young calves; In milk-fed calves, the effects of sodium-butyrate (Nabutyrate) to replace flavomycin on growth performance and some mechanisms involved were studied. Pancreatic and intestinal morphology, digestive enzyme activities, plasma gut regulatory peptide concentrations, and expression of their receptors in the gastrointestinal tract were measured. Gastrointestinal tract defense systems were examined by measuring protein levels of 2 heat-shock proteins (HSP27 and HSP70). The calves were randomly allocated into 2 groups fed the same basic diet with flavomycin as an antimicrobial growth promoter or with Na-butyrate (3 g/kg of dry matter). Sodium-butyrate disappeared quickly in the upper gut and was not found in circulating blood. Supplementation with Na-butyrate enhanced growth rate and improved feed conversion into body weight gain compared with the flavomycin group. Supplementation with Nabutyrate was likely associated with an improvement in efficacy of the gastrointestinal tract digestive capacities expressed by enhanced production of digestive enzymes and increased absorptive capacities in the upper small intestine. The effects could have been controlled by insulin-like growth factor-1 but probably not by any of the cholecystokinin/ gastrin peptide family. Concentrations of HSP27 and HSP70 were increased in stomach and colon of calves receiving Na-butyrate, thereby assuring protection of cells with intensive metabolism (chaperone function). In conclusion, beneficial effects of Na-butyrate on maturation of gastrointestinal functions were shown in milk-fed calves and may be applied to young mammals of other species.
Consensus recommendations on the use of daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream for actinic keratoses in Australia; Australia has the highest prevalence of actinic keratoses (AK) worldwide. Because of the risk of transformation of AK to invasive squamous cell carcinomas, consensus guidelines recommend that AK are removed using appropriate therapies to prevent progression to invasive disease. Daylight photodynamic therapy (PDT) is emerging as an efficacious treatment for AK, particularly for patients who require treatment of large areas of chronic actinic damage that can be exposed easily to daylight. Daylight PDT with methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) cream is a simple treatment for AK, almost painless, well tolerated and convenient, requiring minimal time in the clinic. Randomised controlled studies from northern Europe and Australia support the use of daylight PDT as an effective therapy for grade I and II AK on the face and scalp. There is sufficient daylight to conduct daylight PDT in Australia at any time of the year and during most weather conditions. Hence, daylight PDT with MAL can be included as an effective and well-tolerated new treatment option for the treatment of AK in Australia. These consensus recommendations provide guidelines for Australian clinicians on the use of daylight PDT in the treatment of diagnosed AK.
Genetic analysis of calf and heifer losses in Danish Holstein; Mortality in dairy cattle is not only relevant with regard to economic losses but also to animal health and welfare. Thus; the aim of this investigation was to explore the genetic background of postnatal mortality in calves and replacement heifers in different age groups until first calving in Danish Holsteins. Records of Danish Holstein heifer calves born in the years 1998 to 2007 were extracted from the Danish Cattle database (Danish Cattle, Skejby, Denmark). The following periods (P) were defined for analyses: P1 = d 1 to 30, P2 = d 31 to 180, P3 = d 181 to 365, P4 = d 366 until the day before first calving or a maximum age of 1,200 d if no calving was reported, and the full period P5 = d 1 until the day before first calving or a maximum age of 1,200 d if no calving was reported. Records of animals slaughtered or exported within a defined period were set to missing for this and following periods, whereas their records were kept for preceding periods. After further data editing; more than 840,000 calves and heifers born in the years 1998 to 2007 were investigated. Mortality rates were 3.23, 2.66, 0.97, 1.92, and 9.36% for the defined periods P1 to P5, respectively. For the estimation of genetic parameters, linear and threshold sire models were applied. Effects accounted for were the random effects herd x year x season and sire as well as the fixed effects year x month, number of dam's parity (parities >5 were set to 5), calf size, and calving ease. In total, the pedigree consisted of 4,643 sires and 20,821 animals. Heritabilities for the linear model were low, ranging from 0.006 (P3) to 0.042 (P5). Heritabilities estimated by threshold models showed a wider range, from not significantly different from zero for periods with low frequencies to 0.082 for P1. The mortality rate until first calving was higher than the stillbirth rate. Genetic and phenotypic variation seemed to be sufficiently high to genetically improve the trait calf and heifer mortality. Hence, a routine genetic evaluation would be valuable for monitoring and for selecting fitter animals in the Danish Holstein cattle population.
Safety and efficacy of a growth factor and cytokine-containing topical product in wound healing and incision scar management after upper eyelid blepharoplasty: a prospective split-face study; Purpose: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of a topical product containing a mixture of growth factors and cytokines on the incision scar following upper eyelid blepharoplasty.
Anti-Inflammatory and Antibacterial Potential of Qicao Rukang Powder in Bovine Subclinical Mastitis; Background. Subclinical mastitis is one of the most common reproductive diseases in dairy cows. Qicao Rukang powder is a Chinese herbal compound mixture developed to treat subclinical mastitis in dairy cows by clearing heat, tonifying qi, and improving blood and milk circulation. The study aimed to determine the anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial efficacy of Qicao Rukang powder in treating subclinical mastitis in dairy cows at the manufacturer's recommended dose. Methods. Forty (40) Holstein dairy cows with milk somatic cell count (SCC) >= 500,000 cellml(-1) were randomly assigned to treatment (n = 20) and control (n = 20) groups. Cows in the treatment group were administered with 150 grams of Qicao Rukang powder orally for five days, while the control group received no treatment. The authors analyzed the milk SCC, milk composition, bacteriological cure rate of the drug, blood serum levels of interleukins (IL-6, IL-1 beta and IL-8), tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha), and interferon gamma (INF-gamma) quantified by using ELISA kits on day 0 and day 6. Results. SCC of the treated group reduced very significantly (P < 0.001) compared with the control group. Milk fat, protein, and total solids increased significantly (P < 0.05) after treatment, whereas lactose and milk urea nitrogen levels showed a nonsubstantial rise. The bacteriological cure percentage of Qicao Rukang powder therapy was 77.8% for Aeromonas spp. (14 of 18), 75% for Pseudomonas spp. (6 of 8), and 100% for Acinetobacter spp. and Enterococcus spp. giving 81.8% cured for all isolates (27 of 33). Only 26.7% (8 of 30) of untreated cows recovered spontaneously. Analysis of IL-1 beta IL-6, and INF-gamma in the blood serum of the treated group revealed a significant decrease (P < 0.01) with nonsignificant rises in TNF-alpha and IL-8 levels. Conclusions. This research demonstrates that Qicao Rukang powder has potent antibacterial and anti-inflammatory actions, supporting its use as an alternative to conventional treatment for subclinical dairy cow mastitis. However, further investigations will be required to explain the role of the active ingredients and the mechanisms involved in the pharmacological activities of the Qicao Rukang powder.
Effects of early pregnancy diagnosis by palpation per rectum on pregnancy loss in dairy cattle; Objective-To determine the effect of palpation per rectum (PPR) by use of 1 or 2 fetal membrane slips (FMSs) for pregnancy diagnosis during early gestation on pregnancy loss in dairy cattle.
Dietary DL-methionine replacement by a novel DL-methionyl-DL-methionine dipeptide increases milk protein synthesis in breeding pigeons and improves the growth performance of squabs; The purpose of this study was to explore the effects of parental dietary supplementation with DLmethionine (DL-Met) and DL-methionyl-DL-methionine (DL-Met-Met) on milk protein synthesis in breeding pigeons and on the growth performance of squabs. A total of 324 pairs of breeding pigeons and 1296 one-day-old squabs were selected and allotted to 9 dietary treatments in a completely randomized design, and the experiment lasted for 45 days. The diets included a basal diet (BD, crude protein = 15%, Met = 0.25%) and BD + 0.15%, 0.30%, 0.45%, or 0.60% DL-Met or DL-Met-Met. After the experiment, the average daily feed intake (ADFI) and weight loss of breeding pigeons, casein content of crop milk and average daily gain (ADG) and mortality of squabs were measured respectively. Compared with the BD group, parental dietary supplementation with DL-Met or DL-Met-Met (especially at the dose of 0.30%) effectively increased the average daily feed intake and decreased the weight loss of breeding pigeons, as well as increased the alpha S1-casein, alpha S2-casein, and beta-casein contents in their crop milk (P < 0.05). In addition, the average daily gain (ADG) of squabs was increased and the mortality of young squabs was decreased after DL-Met or DL-Met-Met supplementation (P < 0.05). The bioavailability values of DL-Met-Met relative to DL-Met were 211% and 346% based on the weight loss of breeding pigeons and the ADG of squabs, respectively (P < 0.001). Therefore, DL-Met-Met was more effective than DL-Met at decreasing the weight loss of pigeons and improving the growth performance of young squabs (P < 0.05). As a novel source of Met, DL-Met-Met, rather than DL-Met, was more beneficial to young squabs.
Impact of dietary patterns and the main food groups on mortality and recurrence in cancer survivors: a systematic review of current epidemiological literature; Objective To determine whether there is an association between dietary patterns/indices and foods from the main food groups (highest vs lowest intakes) prior to or after cancer diagnosis and mortality and cancer recurrence in cancer survivors.
Effects of linseed oil supplementation in Holstein dairy calves received starters based on either corn or barley grain on growth performance and immune response; This study evaluated the effects of linseed oil (LO) and two-grain sources on growth performance, microbial protein yield (MPY), blood metabolites, and inflammatory markers in Holstein dairy calves. Forty-eight 3-day-old dairy calves (24 males and 24 females) with starting BW of 40.3 +/- 1.6 kg were allocated in a completely randomised block design with a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement as follows; (1) Corn grain (CG) with no LO supplementation (CG-NLO), (2) CG with 2.5% LO supplementation (CG-LO), (3) Barley grain (BG) with no LO supplementation (BG-NLO), and (4) BG with 2.5% LO supplementation (BG-LO). The calves were weaned on d 59 but the study lasted for 14 days after weaning (Day 73 of experiment). The results showed that starter feed intake was influenced neither by grain source nor linseed oil. However, average daily gain, BW, hip height, and MPY were improved in calves received BG compared to CG diets. Linseed oil supplementation had no significant effects on growth performance and MPY. During preweaning period, calves fed BG-LO had the greatest feed efficiency and the highest wither height. However, the greatest tumour necrosis factor and serum amyloid A were observed in BG-NLO. Despite, LO supplementation did not influence growth performance of animals per se; however, it reduced circulating inflammatory markers in calves during preweaning period. Based on this study condition, BG is more favourable than CG in dairy calves from the daily gain and microbial protein synthesis perspectives, and supplementing the starters with n-3 FA can be strategy to improve immune performance of calves fed barley-based starter diets.
Drenching Bovine Colostrum, Quercetin or Fructo-Oligosaccharides Has No Effect on Health or Survival of Low Birth Weight Piglets; Simple Summary Over the past three decades, the litter size of sows has been increased to improve productivity. This has not only led to more piglets per sow, but also an increased proportion of low birth weight piglets, and consequently, higher pre-weaning mortality. In an attempt to improve the resilience of small piglets, an oral supplementation (drenching) with a bioactive compound can be applied. In this study, low birth weight piglets were drenched with bovine colostrum, short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides or quercetin (each dissolved in a plain milk replacer) during the first seven days after birth. The animals' body weight, mortality, skin lesions, and different blood parameters were evaluated between birth and 2 weeks post-weaning. None of the supplemented compounds had a positive effect on any of the parameters, and thus, on the resilience of low birth weight piglets. Moreover, a negative effect on survival was observed in piglets that were drenched with short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides. These results showed that the evaluated bioactive compounds, in their given dosages, were unable to improve the low birth weight piglets' survival and emphasized the complex, multifactorial origin of pre-weaning mortality. The introduction of hyperprolific sows has resulted in more low birth weight (LBW) piglets, accompanied by higher mortality. A possible strategy to enhance the resilience and survival of LBW piglets is oral supplementation (drenching) of bioactive substances. This study evaluated the supplementation of bovine colostrum, short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides (scFOS) or quercetin that were dissolved separately in a milk replacer. The study was divided into two sub-experiments. First, the milk replacer was compared with a sham drenched group. Secondly, each dissolved compound was compared with the milk replacer. The LBW piglets, defined as weighing between (mean litter birth weight -1*SD) and (mean litter birth weight -2.5*SD), were randomly allocated to the different treatments and drenched once a day for seven days. On day 1, 3, 9, 24 and 38, piglets were weighed and scored for skin lesions. Blood samples were collected on day 9 and 38 and analyzed to determine glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, urea, immunoglobulin G, insulin-like growth factor 1, and a standard blood panel test. There was no difference between sham drenched piglets and piglets that were drenched with milk replacer regarding any of the parameters. No effect was observed between the milk replacer group and any of the bioactive compounds either, except a higher mortality within the scFOS group. In conclusion, this study showed that drenching the evaluated bioactive compounds, in the used dosages, did not improve LBW piglets' resilience or survival and more research is required to determine the effect of scFOS on small piglets.
Replacing dairy fat with rapeseed oil causes rapid improvement of hyperlipidaemia: a randomized controlled study; Background. Rapeseed oil (RO), also known as canola oil, principally contains the unsaturated fatty acids 18:1n-9, 18:2n-6 and 18:3n-3 and may promote cardiometabolic health.
Evaluating the effectiveness of colostrum as a therapy for diarrhea in preweaned calves; Diarrhea is the primary cause of morbidity and mortality in dairy calves. Many cases of diarrhea in calves are treated with antimicrobials, increasing the risk of antimicrobial resistance, therefore, creating a need for alternative therapies. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of feeding spray-dried maternal derived bovine colostrum replacer at the onset of diarrhea on calf growth and duration and severity of the disease in preweaning dairy calves. At a calf-raising facility in southern Ontario, calves were scored for fecal consistency twice daily on a scale of 0 to 3 and enrolled into the trial when they had 2 consecutive fecal scores of 2 (runny or spreads readily) or one fecal score of 3 (liquid consistency, splatters). Calves were then randomly allocated to receive one of the following 3 treatments: (1) control (CON; n = 35): 8 feedings over 4 d of 2.5 L of milk replacer at a concentration of 130 g/L (26% crude protein and 17% fat); (2) short-term colostrum supplementation (STC; n = 35): 4 feedings over the first 2 d of 2.5 L of a mixture of milk replacer at 65 g/L and bovine colostrum replacer at 65 g/L (26% IgG and 14.5% fat) followed by 4 feedings over 2 d of 2.5 L of milk replacer at a concentration of 130 g/L; or (3) long-term colostrum supplementation (LTC; n = 38): 8 feedings over 4 d of 2.5 L of a mixture of milk replacer at 65 g/L and bovine colostrum replacer at 65 g/L. Serum IgG was determined at arrival to the facility and body weight, days to enrollment since facility arrival, and severity of diarrhea were recorded at enrollment. Daily health exams evaluating fecal consistency were performed for 28 consecutive days after enrollment and body weight was measured at d 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 14, 21, 28, 42 and 56 after enrollment. The median days to resolution of a case of diarrhea was 3.5 d (range: 0.5-11.5 d), 2.75 d (range: 0.5-11.0 d), and 2.75 d (range: 0.5-7.0 d) in CON, STC, and LTC, respectively. Using a Cox proportional hazards model, it was found that calves in LTC group had faster resolution of diarrhea compared with calves in the CON group. In addition, there was an association between both days to enrollment since facility arrival and body weight and resolution of diarrhea, where calves who were at the facility longer before enrollment and heavier at the onset of diarrhea, resolved diarrhea quicker. In addition, calves with a fecal score of 3 at enrollment took longer to resolve their case of diarrhea. With respect to body weight, a linear regression model was built and found that over the 56 d following enrollment calves in the LTC treatment grew 98 g/d more than calves in the CON group. These results suggest that bovine colostrum may be an effective therapy for diarrhea in preweaning calves.
Management of Aromatase Inhibitor-Associated Bone Loss (AIBL) in postmenopausal women with hormone sensitive breast cancer: Joint position statement of the IOF, CABS, ECTS, IEG, ESCEO, IMS, and SIOG; Background: Several guidelines have been reported for bone-directed treatment in women with early breast cancer (EBC) for averting fractures, particularly during aromatase inhibitor (AI) therapy. Recently, a number of studies on additional fracture related risk factors, new treatment options as well as real world studies demonstrating a much higher fracture rate than suggested by randomized clinical controlled trials (RCTs). Therefore, this updated algorithm was developed to better assess fracture risk and direct treatment as a position statement of several interdisciplinary cancer and bone societies involved in the management of AI-associated bone loss (AIBL).
Systematic early obstetrical assistance at calving: I. Effects on dairy calf stillbirth, vigor, and passive immunity transfer; A critical time for dairy cattle is the perinatal period. Good calving management is critical to reduce periparturient losses and ensure the health of the offspring. Generally, it has been recommended that cows be allowed to calve unassisted when possible, but very few studies have been published that support or refute this general guideline. To investigate the effect of early assistagice, a clinical trial enrolled 257 Holstein cows that were observed through the second stage of calving and assigned randomly to 1 of 2 calving interventions: not assisted (NA) or early assistance (EA) during the second stage of parturition. Early assistance was given 15 min after the first sight of both front hooves of the calf and done using only human force. After calving, the animals were classified into 4 actual calving intervention groups: too quick to be assisted (TQ), NA, EA, and late assistance (LA; for cows in the NA group that did not calve unassisted within the 1 h maximum time frame allowed). Giving early assistance to cows during calving as a routine management practice (assigned intervention) did not negatively influence calves' stillbirth risk, vigor at birth, or transfer of passive immunity. Calves in the LA intervention group had significantly greater odds of stillbirth than calves in the NA and EA groups, respectively. Calves in the LA group also had significantly worse vigor at birth than calves in the TQ, NA, or EA groups. Early assistance given at calving to cows that did not present signs of calving difficulties did not adversely affect calves' likelihood of being stillborn, vigor at birth, or transfer of passive immunity.
Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women; Background
Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis typing and molecular characterization of <i>Listeria monocytogenes</i> isolates in raw milk samples from Polonnaruwa District, Sri Lanka; Listeria monocytogenes is an important food borne human pathogen associated with severe diseases in humans and animals. Human infection is associated with high mortality rates. Our previous studies done in 2012 on milk and milk products revealed 4b as the dominant serotype followed by 1/2a, 1/2b and 1/2c. Therefore, this study was conducted to determine the sources of contamination and to identify the strain differences (pulsotypes) by pulsedfield gel electrophoresis (PFGE) typing and serotype profiles of L. monocytogenes isolates from farm collected raw milk samples from randomly identified locations in Grama Niladhari divisions of the Polonnaruwa district, Sri Lanka. Eighty isolates obtained from raw milk samples were confirmed as L. monocytogenes by Polymerase Chain Reaction, belonging to serotypes 4b, 1/2a, 1/2b and 1/2c. The strains were identified by PFGE. PFGE analysis digested with AscI and ApaI enzymes revealed different banding patterns. All the pulsotypes were found to be serotype 4b. The sub typing indicated the diversity of the Listeria species. The presence of serotypes 1/2a, 1U2b, 1/2c, and 4b in raw milk is a public health concern, as these serotypes are frequently associated with foodborne outbreaks and sporadic cases of human listeriosis. In our study, PFGE analysis allowed discrimination among isolates of the same serogroup. Further PFGE analysis showed heterogeneity among isolates recovered from both same sampling areas and different areas.
THE EXCRETION OF SALMONELLA-TYPHIMURIUM IN THE FECES OF CALVES FED MILK SUBSTITUTE; A total of 495 calves in 16 batches were examined (117 calves in 4 batches in 1979 and 378 in 12 batches in 1982). They were purchased in markets, transported by road to a farm in Somerset [England, UK] and reared on a milk substitute diet for a period of up to 5 wk. S. typhimurium phage type DT 193 was endemic in 1979 and phage type DT 204c in 1982. The mortality rates in the 2 yr were 9.4 and 1.9%, respectively. The causes of death were not investigated although the majority were probably due to salmonellosis. The rate of isolation of S. typhimurium from the rectal feces of calves in all groups was either 0 or relatively low on arrival. It rose to a peak (which was higher in 1979) in the 2nd or 3rd wk before declining to low levels by the end of the 4th week of residence on the farm. Data from 162 calves, examined twice weekly for 4 wk in 1982, indicated that the distribution of infected calves, based on the number of times that S. typhimurium was isolated from  each, was not random. The calves could be assigned to 2 main categories; those from which the organism was never isolated and those from which it was isolated at least twice. This suggested that salmonella infected calves actively excreted the organism. The association between salmonella excretion and medication of sick animals with antibacterial drugs was strongest during the 2nd wk. Over the 4 week period nearly 40% of the calves found to be excreting S. typhimurium were not treated, indicating a high incidence of subclinical infection. Salmonella excretion by the calves followed a regular pattern and infection was self-limiting within 5 wk. The peak in the salmonella excretion rate and the mortality rate were higher in 1979 when phage type DT 193 was the endemic strain. In 1982 the calves received 100 ppm furazolidone in their milk ration during the first week of their stay on the farm, and this may have contributed to the differences noted between the 2 yr.
The message changes belief and the rest is theory: the "1% or less" milk campaign and reasoned action; Background. Theory-based approaches to public health interventions are useful for designing, implementing, and evaluating research. This paper describes and presents data to support the theoretical force behind the "1% or less" nutrition intervention studies.
Tolerability of high-dose topical tretinoin: the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention Trial; Background Topical tretinoin is a medication commonly used for acne that has potential application in the long-term treatment of photodamaged skin. However, there are few published data regarding the tolerability of high-dose tretinoin with long-term use.
The effectiveness of EVOSKIN®Palm and sole moisturizing cream in treating capecitabine-associated hand-foot syndrome: a randomized double-blind clinical trial; Background: This study sought to test the effectiveness of EVOSKIN (R) Palm and sole moisturizing cream (PSMC) in preventing and treating hand-foot syndrome (HFS) during capecitabine chemotherapy.
Potential of Vitamin D Food Fortification in Prevention of Cancer Deaths-A Modeling Study; Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have estimated a 13% reduction of cancer mortality by vitamin D supplementation among older adults. We evaluated if and to what extent similar effects might be expected from vitamin D fortification of foods. We reviewed the literature on RCTs assessing the impact of vitamin D supplementation on cancer mortality, on increases of vitamin D levels by either supplementation or food fortification, and on costs of supplementation or fortification. Then, we derived expected effects on total cancer mortality and related costs and savings from potential implementation of vitamin D food fortification in Germany and compared the results to those for supplementation. In RCTs with vitamin D supplementation in average doses of 820-2000 IU per day, serum concentrations of 25-hydroxy-vitamin D increased by 15-30 nmol/L, respectively. Studies on food fortification found increases by 10-42 nmol/L, thus largely in the range of increases previously demonstrated by supplementation. Fortification is estimated to be considerably less expensive than supplementation. It might be similarly effective as supplementation in reducing cancer mortality and might even achieve such reduction at substantially larger net savings. Although vitamin D overdoses are unlikely in food fortification programs, implementation should be accompanied by a study monitoring the frequency of potentially occurring adverse effects by overdoses, such as hypercalcemia. Future studies on effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation and fortification are warranted.
Body condition score and plane of nutrition prepartum affect adipose tissue transcriptome regulators of metabolism and inflammation in grazing dairy cows during the transition period; Recent studies demonstrating a higher incidence of metabolic disorders after calving have challenged the management practice of increasing dietary energy density during the last similar to 3 wk prepartum. Despite our knowledge at the whole-animal level, the tissue-level mechanisms that are altered in response to feeding management prepartum remain unclear. Our hypothesis was that prepartum body condition score (BCS), in combination with feeding management, plays a central role in the peripartum changes associated with energy balance and inflammatory state. Twenty-eight mid-lactation grazing dairy cows of mixed age and breed were randomly allocated to 1 of 4 treatment groups in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: 2 prepartum BCS categories (4.0 and 5.0, based on a 10-point scale; BCS4, BCS5) obtained via differential feeding management during late-lactation, and 2 levels of energy intake during the 3 wk preceding calving (75 and 125% of estimated requirements). Subcutaneous adipose tissue was harvested via biopsy at -1, 1, and 4 wk relative to parturition. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction was used to measure mRNA and microRNA (miRNA) expression of targets related to fatty acid metabolism (lipogenesis, lipolysis), adipokine synthesis, and inflammation. Both prepartum BCS and feeding management had a significant effect on mRNA and miRNA expression throughout the peripartum period. Overfed BCS5 cows had the greatest prepartum expression of fatty acid synthase (FAS/V) and an overall greater expression of leptin (LEP); BCS5 was also associated with greater overall adiponectin (ADIPOQ) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), whereas overfeeding upregulated expression of proadipogenic miRNA. Higher postpartum expression of chemokine ligand 5 (CCL5) and the cytokines interleukin 6 (IL6) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) was detected in overfed BCS5 cows. Feed-restricted BCS4 cows had the highest overall interleukin 1 (IL1B) expression. Prepartum feed restriction resulted in greater chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2) expression. Overall, changes in mRNA expression were consistent with the expression pattern of inflammation-related miRNA. These data shed light on molecular mechanisms underlying the effect of prepartum BCS and feeding management on metabolic and inflammatory status of adipose tissue during the peripartum period. Data support the use of a controlled feed restriction prepartum in optimally conditioned cows, as well as the use of a higher level of dietary energy in under-conditioned cows.
Anogenital warts and other HPV-associated anogenital lesions in the HIV-positive patient: a systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of interventions assessed in controlled clinical trials; Objectives Anogenital warts (AGW, condylomata acuminata) and intraepithelial neoplasia (IEN) do not only impact health and social well-being, they are also associated with considerable costs for the healthcare systems. Immunocompromised and HIV-positive patients carry the highest epidemiological burden of human papillomavirus (HPV) infection and comprise a population specifically susceptible to treatment failures and recurrences. This systematic review aimed at identifying and appraising the available evidence from controlled studies of interventions for the treatment of AGW and IEN in immunocompromised patients.
Effect of Orally Administered Bovine Lactoferrin on the Growth of Adenomatous Colorectal Polyps in a Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Lactoferrin (LF), a secreted, iron binding glycoprotein originally discovered as a component of milk, is found in a variety of exocrine secretions and in the secondary granules of polymorphonuclear leukocytes. Animal experiments have shown that oral administration of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) exerts anticarcinogenesis effects in the colon and other organs of the rat. The aim of this study was to determine whether oral bLF could inhibit the growth of adenomatous colorectal polyps in human patients. A randomized, double-blind, controlled trial was conducted in 104 participants, ages 40 to 75 years, with polyps <= 5 mm in diameter and likely to be adenomas. Participants were assigned to receive placebo, 1.5-g bLF, or 3.0-g bLF daily for 12 months. Target adenomatous polyps were monitored by colonoscopy. Ingestion of 3.0-g bLF significantly retarded adenomatous polyp growth in participants 63 years old or younger. Removal of adenomatous colorectal polyps is done as a preventative measure against colorectal cancer; however, polyps can be overlooked, and when detected, polypectomy is not always 100% effective in eradicating a polyp. Our study suggests that daily intake of 3.0 g of bLF could be a clinically beneficial adjunct to colorectal polyp extraction.
Longitudinal changes in telomere length and associated genetic parameters in dairy cattle analysed using random regression models; Telomeres cap the ends of linear chromosomes and shorten with age in many organisms. In humans short telomeres have been linked to morbidity and mortality. With the accumulation of longitudinal datasets the focus shifts from investigating telomere length (TL) to exploring TL change within individuals over time. Some studies indicate that the speed of telomere attrition is predictive of future disease. The objectives of the present study were to 1) characterize the change in bovine relative leukocyte TL (RLTL) across the lifetime in Holstein Friesian dairy cattle, 2) estimate genetic parameters of RLTL over time and 3) investigate the association of differences in individual RLTL profiles with productive lifespan. RLTL measurements were analysed using Legendre polynomials in a random regression model to describe TL profiles and genetic variance over age. The analyses were based on 1,328 repeated RLTL measurements of 308 female Holstein Friesian dairy cattle. A quadratic Legendre polynomial was fitted to the fixed effect of age in months and to the random effect of the animal identity. Changes in RLTL, heritability and within-trait genetic correlation along the age trajectory were calculated and illustrated. At a population level, the relationship between RLTL and age was described by a positive quadratic function. Individuals varied significantly regarding the direction and amount of RLTL change over life. The heritability of RLTL ranged from 0.36 to 0.47 (SE = 0.05-0.08) and remained statistically unchanged over time. The genetic correlation of RLTL at birth with measurements later in life decreased with the time interval between samplings from near unity to 0.69, indicating that TL later in life might be regulated by different genes than TL early in life. Even though animals differed in their RLTL profiles significantly, those differences were not correlated with productive lifespan (p = 0.954).
Standard versus pH-adjusted and lidocaine supplemented radiocolloid for patients undergoing sentinel-lymph-node mapping and biopsy for early breast cancer (PASSION-P trial): a double-blind, randomised controlled trial; Background Sentinel-lymph-node (SLN) mapping and biopsy maintains staging accuracy in early breast cancer and identifies patients for selective lymphadenectomy. SLN mapping requires injection of technetium-99m-sulfur colloid-an effective but sometimes painful method, for which better pain-management strategies are needed. In this randomised, double-blind trial, we compared degree of pain between standard radiocolloid injection and pH-adjusted and lidocaine-supplemented formulations for patients undergoing SLN mapping for breast cancer.
Phenological response of milk thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i> [L.] Gaertn.) to different nutrition systems; Nowadays, growing medicinal plants in sustainable agricultural systems in which sustainable plant nutrition strategies play an important role are more focused. Seeds of milk thistle plants (Silybum marianum Gaertn.) are the main source of silymarin which is known as the biological active component helpful in treating liver and biliary diseases and also preventing liver cancer. Phenological stages, especially the reproduction time and maturity of milk thistle, might be affected by management strategies. In order to investigate the potential effects of different nourishment systems on phenological stages of milk thistle, a field experiment was conducted during 2010-2011, at Research Station, Faculty of Agriculture, Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, Iran. Twelve nutrition systems comprising single and integrated nutrition systems of vermicompost, poultry manure, chemical fertilizer, mycorrhiza (Glomus mosseae), and bio-sulfur (Thiobacillus sp.) were compared in a completely randomized block design with three replications. According to the results, growth development stages of milk thistle in Mashhad climate were found to have four discrete stages; vegetative, elongating, flowering, and seed maturation stage. Analysis of variance of heat units, expressed in growing degree-days (GDDs), showed that elongating and flowering stages were significantly affected by different nutrition systems (P<0.05). Milk thistle plants treated with mycorrhiza started the elongating stage and flowering stage with less GDDs (845 and 1001 degrees C, respectively) compared with other treatments. The highest amount of GDDs for starting the elongating stage was recorded for chemical fertilizer treatment and plants under integrated use of mycorrhiza and vermicompost required more GDDs to start flowering stage.(C) 2014 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
A single-blind, randomised controlled trial of StrataXRT® - A silicone-based film-forming gel dressing for prophylaxis and management of radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer; Aim: Investigate the effects of StrataXRT (R) versus 10% Glycerine (Sorbolene cream) for preventing and managing radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer receiving radical radiotherapy (>= 50 Gy) with or without chemotherapy or biotherapy.
Risk factors for morbidity in 1- to 9-day-old dairy calves following caustic paste disbudding; Calfhood morbidity is an important issue on commercial dairy operations, with substantial production and welfare impacts. The objective of this observational study was to evaluate potential risk factors for morbidity, including disbudding, disbudding pain control, serum total protein (STP) concentrations, and haptoglobin concentrations in young dairy calves. A total of 140 heifer calves from a commercial dairy farm in southwestern Ontario, Canada, were enrolled at 1 to 9 d of age and followed for 1 wk. Calves were scored at enrollment for several health parameters using a scale from 0 to 3, with 0 representing normal and 3 representing severely abnormal. Calves were only included if they were considered healthy enough to participate using cut points of <3 for rectal temperature and fecal score; <= 2 for nasal discharge, ocular discharge, and cough score; and 1 for ear position, navel score, and joint score. To ensure that only calves that were considered healthy on the baseline day were included, 17 calves were excluded from analysis, resulting in a total of 123 calves. These calves were a part of a disbudding trial, with 100 disbudded using a commercial caustic paste and 23 sham disbudded with a placebo paste. The disbudding paste (commercial or sham) was applied to calves on enrollment day (baseline) with health scoring at baseline and 3 and 7 d later. The following health outcomes were analyzed: diarrhea (a fecal consistency score of >= 2), respiratory disease (a total respiratory score of >= 5), and general sickness [suffering from either diarrhea, respiratory disease, or a navel or joint infection (joint or navel score of >= 2)]. The following variables were assessed for association with the outcomes: STP, inadequate transfer of passive immunity (<5.2 g/dL STP), pain control treatment for disbudding (lidocaine nerve block alone, meloxicam alone, lidocaine nerve block and meloxicam, no pain control, sham), disbudding (disbudded or sham), and haptoglobin concentrations (taken on the baseline day, +3 d and +7 d). We did not detect any relationship between the development of a health outcome of interest (diarrhea, respiratory, or sick) and disbudding or pain control on any of the days following disbudding. However, for every 1 g/dL increase in STP concentration, calves had 0.24 and 0.33 times the odds of suffering from diarrhea or any sickness event, respectively, 3 d after disbudding. At 3 d after disbudding, for every 0.1 mg/mL increase in haptoglobin concentration on that day, calves had 1.34 and 1.20 times the odds of having diarrhea or a general sickness, respectively. These findings suggest that disbudding itself or the pain control method does not appear to influence health after the procedure when healthy calves are disbudded. Calves developing an illness 3 d after disbudding were more likely to have had lower STP concentrations and increased haptoglobin concentrations.
A high-concentrate diet induces mitochondrial dysfunction by activating the MAPK signaling pathway in the mammary gland of dairy cows; Subacute rumen acidosis can lead to mastitis in dairy cows. Mitochondrial dysfunction is closely related to the inflammatory response. This experiment was con-ducted to investigate the effects of a high-concentrate diet on mammary gland inflammation and mitochon-drial damage in dairy cows. Twelve Holstein dairy cows in mid-lactation were randomly divided into 2 groups and fed a 40% concentrate (low concentrate, LC) diet or a 60% concentrate (high concentrate, HC) diet. Cows were fed individually, and the experiment lasted for 3 wk. After the experiment, mammary gland tissue, blood, and rumen fluid were collected. Compared with the LC diet, the HC diet significantly decreased rumen pH; the pH was <5.6 for more than 3 h. The HC diet also increased the concentration of LPS in the blood (7.17 & PLUSMN; 1.25 & mu;g/mL vs. 12.12 & PLUSMN; 1.26 & mu;g/mL), which indicated that feeding the HC diet successfully induced subacute rumen acidosis. The HC diet also increased the concentration of Ca2+ (34.80 & PLUSMN; 4.23 & mu;g/g vs. 46.87 & PLUSMN; 7.24 & mu;g/g) in the mammary gland and upregulated the expression of inflammatory factors IL-6 (1,128.31 & PLUSMN; 147.53 pg/g vs. 1,538.42 & PLUSMN; 241.38 pg/g), IL-1 & beta; (69.67 & PLUSMN; 5.86 pg/g vs. 90.13 & PLUSMN; 4.78 pg/g), and tumor necrosis factor-& alpha; (91.99 & PLUSMN; 10.43 pg/g vs. 131.75 & PLUSMN; 17.89 pg/g) in mammary venous blood. The HC diet also increased the activity of myeloperoxidase (0.41 & PLUSMN; 0.05 U/g vs. 0.71 & PLUSMN; 0.11 U/g) and decreased the content of ATP (0.47 & PLUSMN; 0.10 & mu;g/mL vs. 0.32 & PLUSMN; 0.11 & mu;g/mL) in the mammary gland. In addition, phosphorylation of JNK (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.21 vs. 2.84 & PLUSMN; 0.75), ERK (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.20 vs. 1.53 & PLUSMN; 0.31), and p38 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.13 vs. 1.47 & PLUSMN; 0.41) and protein expression of IL-6 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.22 vs. 2.21 & PLUSMN; 0.27) and IL-8 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.17 vs. 1.96 & PLUSMN; 0.26) were enhanced in cows of the HC group, indicating that the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway was activated. Compared with the LC diet, the HC diet reduced the protein expression of mitochondrial bio-genesis-related proteins PGC-1 & alpha; (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.17 vs. 0.55 & PLUSMN; 0.12), NRF1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.17 vs. 0.60 & PLUSMN; 0.10), TFAM (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.10 vs. 0.73 & PLUSMN; 0.09), and SIRTI (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.44 vs. 0.40 & PLUSMN; 0.10). The HC diet promoted mitochondrial fission and inhibited mitochondrial fusion by reducing protein expression of MFN1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.31 vs. 0.49 & PLUSMN; 0.09), MFN2 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.19 vs. 0.69 & PLUSMN; 0.13), and OPA1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.08 vs. 0.72 & PLUSMN; 0.07), and by increasing that of DRP1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.09 vs. 1.39 & PLUSMN; 0.10), MFF (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.15 vs. 1.89 & PLUSMN; 0.12), and TTC1/FIS1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.08 vs. 1.76 & PLUSMN; 0.14), leading to mitochondrial dysfunction. The HC diet increased mitochondrial permeability by upregulating the protein expression of VDAC1 (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.42 vs. 1.90 & PLUSMN; 0.44), ANT (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.22 vs. 1.27 & PLUSMN; 0.17), and CYPD (1.00 & PLUSMN; 0.41 vs. 1.82 & PLUSMN; 0.43). Taken together, these results indicated that feeding the HC diet induced mitochondrial damage via the MAPK sig-naling pathway in the mammary gland of dairy cows.
A Randomized Trial of the Off-label Use of Imiquimod, 5%, Cream With vs Without Tazarotene, 0.1%, Gel for the Treatment of Lentigo Maligna, Followed by Conservative Staged Excisions; Objective: To determine if the complete response rates of lentigo maligna (LM) to imiquimod, 5%, cream can be improved by the addition of a topical retinoid.
EFFECT OF FEEDING A MINERAL-VITAMIN SUPPLEMENT BEFORE CALVING ON THE CALVING PERFORMANCE OF A TRACE-ELEMENT DEFICIENT DAIRY-HERD; A split-herd, randomised mineral-vitamin supplementation experiment was carried out in a large, trace element deficient dairy herd over two years, Ten weeks before the herd's mean calving date, 147 Holstein-Friesian cows were fed grass silage on to which 50 g per head of a mineral-vitamin supplement (3000 mg copper, 500 mg iodine, 45 mg selenium and 80 mg cobalt per kg of supplement as specified) was sprinkled twice daily and 147 cows were fed the silage alone until calving, The supplement had no effect on the incidence of abortion (1.4 per cent), dystocia (2.3 per cent), fetal maldisposition (7.3 per cent), perinatal mortality (6.0 per cent) or retained fetal membranes (4.0 per cent), but it significantly increased the concentrations of trace elements in the blood and tissues of dead perinatal calves from 10 supplemented darns compared with those from eight unsupplemented dams, It also significantly increased the concentrations of trace elements in the blood of the cows and newborn calves in the supplemented group.
Tumor thickness and adnexal extension of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) as determinants of treatment failure for methylaminolevulinate (MAL)-photodynamic therapy (PDT), imiquimod, and 5-fluorouracil (FU); Background: Noninvasive treatments are frequently used in treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC) because of better cosmetic results, lower costs, and less burden on health care services when compared with surgical excision. However, probability of treatment failure is higher after noninvasive therapies and may depend on histologic tumor characteristics.
Colloidal oatmeal emollient as an alternative skincare approach in radiotherapy: a feasibility study; Aim: To assess the feasibility of a randomised controlled trial (RCT) on patients receiving radical radiotherapy for carcinoma of the anus in order to compare the present skincare advice at the time of the study with an alternative product, Aveeno, used primarily for dermatological and chemotherapeutic-induced skin conditions.
Efficacy of a J-5 <i>Escherichia coli</i> bacterin in clinical coliform mastitis of dairy cattle; The study objective was to determine the efficacy of Enviracor (TM) (Pfizer), a J-5 Escherichia coli bacterin, as an aid in preventing of clinical coliform mastitis under field conditions. Cows and heifers with seven month pregnancies in thirteen herds were randomly assigned to Enviracor (TM) or placebo (saline) treatment groups. Enviracor (TM) animals received three doses subcutaneously with the first dose targeted at 56 days pre-calving, the second dose 28 +/- 7 days Later, and the third within 16 days after calving for a study period of 150 days of Lactation. Of 1314 animals enrolled, 1118 animals (556 in placebo and 562 in Enviracor groups, respectively) were qualified for final analysis. The frequency of visual injection site swelling in vaccinates peaked at 48 hours post injection (60-65%) and was reduced by 72 hours. The incidence of toxic coliform mastitis was significantly higher for the placebo group than the Enviracor (TM) group (p=0.04) with a relative risk of 1.89. The likelihood of occurrence of one or more risk factors for mortality due to coliform mastitis was significantly Lower for Enviracor (TM) treated cows compared to placebo (p<0.05) with an odds ratio of 3. This study shows that cows vaccinated with Enviracor (TM) were better able to react to severe coliform infections. As a result, they experienced a Lower incidence of toxic mastitis and were at a tower risk of mortality following an incident of coliform mastitis.
An empirically derived dietary pattern associated with breast cancer risk is validated in a nested case-control cohort from a randomized primary prevention trial; Background & aims: We reported an association between cytologic atypia, a reversible biomarker of breast cancer risk, and lower omega-3/omega-6 fatty acid ratio in blood and breast tissue. Our goal was to develop and validate a dietary pattern index in this high-risk sample of U.S. women, and test its capacity to predict incidence in a nested case-control cohort of Canadian women from a randomized trial of a low-fat dietary intervention for primary prevention of breast cancer.
FARMERS' ATTITUDE TOWARDS INTERVENTIONS REGARDING BUFFALO CALF HEALTH CARE AND MANAGEMENT PRACTICES UNDER FIELD CONDITIONS; A survey of small, medium and large size dairy farms was conducted in the peri-urban areas of District Rahim Yar Khan, Pakistan. Forty-eight dairy farms owned by 16 farmers from each category were selected randomly to study the status of health care and management of buffalo calves. The results showed that the mortality rate in buffalo calves was 79.51%. None of the farmers was cutting and disinfecting the navel cord and a large number of them (87.8%) fed colostrum after the expulsion of placenta. About 87.5% of dairy owners provided the buffalo calves with grain/fodder from 6 days to weaning age. More than 93% farmers were not deworming the calves and a majority (60.42%) of these dairy owners did not consult a veterinarian for the treatment of sick calves. The study tended to show that owners of these dairy farms were not interested in rearing the male calves because they did not expect sizeable returns from their sale. Thus, there is an urgent need to educate these dairy owners to make calf rearing an economical proposition.
Increased Concentrations of Insulin Like Growth Factor Binding Protein (IGFBP)-2, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 Are Associated With Fetal Mortality in Pregnant Cows; Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) play a critical role in fetal growth, and components of the IGF system have been associated with fetal growth restriction in women. In human pregnancy, the proteolytic cleavage of insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs), particularly IGFBP-4, releases free IGF for respective action at the tissue level. The aim of the present study was to determine IGFBP-2, IGFBP-3, and IGFBP-4 concentrations by Western ligand blotting during pregnancy until day 100 in cows and to compare these concentrations with those of non-pregnant cows and cows undergoing embryonic/fetal mortality. Therefore, two study trials (I and II) and an in vitro study were conducted. In study I, 43 cows were not pregnant, 34 cows were pregnant, and 4 cows were undergoing fm. In study II, 500 cows were examined, and 7 cases of pregnancy loss between days 24-27 and 34-37 after artificial insemination (Al, late embryonic mortality; em) and 8 cases of pregnancy loss between days 34-37 and 54-57 after Al (late embryonic mortality and early fetal mortality; em/fm) were defined from the analyses of 30 pregnant and 20 non-pregnant cows randomly selected for insulin-like growth factor 1 and IGFBP analyses. In vitro serum from pregnant (n = 3) and non-pregnant (n = 3) cows spiked after incubation with recombinant human (rh) IGFBP-4 for 24 h, and IGFBP-4 levels were analyzed before and after incubation to detect proteolytic degradation. The IGFBP-2,-3, and-4 concentrations did not decline during early pregnancy in cows, while IGFBP-4 concentrations were comparable between pregnant and non-pregnant cows, irrespective of low proteolytic activity, which was also demonstrated in cows. Interestingly, cows with em or fm showed distinct IGFBP patterns. The IGFBP-2 and-3 concentrations were higher (P < 0.05) in cows with fm compared to pregnant. The IGFBP-4 levels were significantly higher in cows developing fm. Thus, distinct differences in the circulating IGFBP concentrations could be associated with late embryonic and early fetal losses in cattle.
Effect of season on dairy buffalo reproductive performance when using P4/E2/eCG-based fixed-time artificial insemination management; This study aimed to compare the reproductive efficiency of dairy buffaloes subjected to TAI protocols based on progesterone, estrogen, and equine chorionic gonadotrophin (P4/E2+eCG) during the fall/winter (n = 168) and spring/summer (n = 183). Buffaloes received an intravaginal P4 device (1.0 g) plus estradiol benzoate (EB; 2.0 mg im) at a random stage of the estrous cycle (D-12). Nine days later (D-3), the P4 device was removed and buffaloes were given PGF(2 alpha), (0.53 mg im sodium cloprostenol) plus eCG (400 IU im). GnRH (10 mu g im buserelin acetate) was administered 48 h after P4 device removal (D-1). All animals were subjected to TAI 16 h after GnRH administration (D0). Frozen-thawed semen from one bull was used for all TAI, which were all performed by the same technician. Ultrasound examinations were performed on D-12 and D-3 to ascertain cyclicity (presence of CL), D-3 and D0 to measure the diameter of the dominant follicle (empty setDF), D+10 to verify the ovulation rate and diameter of the corpus luteum (empty setCL), and D+30 and D+45 to detect pregnancy rate (P/Al 30d and 45d, respectively) and embryonic mortality (EM). Fetal mortality (FM) was established between 45 days and birth, and pregnancy loss between 30 days and birth. There were significant differences between fall/winter and spring/summer only for cyclicity rate (76.2% (128/168) vs. 42.6% (78/183); P = 0.02]. The others variables did not differ between the seasons: empty setDF on D-3 (9.6 +/- 0.2 mm vs. 9.8 +/- 0.2 mm; P = 0.35); empty setDF on D0 (13.1 +/- 0.2 mm vs. 13.2 +/- 0.2 mm; P = 0.47); ovulation rate [86.9% (146/168) vs. 82.9% (152/182); P = 0.19]; empty setCL on D+10 (19.0 +/- 0.3 mm vs.18.4 +/- 0.3 mm, P = 0.20); P/Al on D+30 [66.7% (112/168) vs. 62.7% (111/177); P = 0.31]; P/AI on D+45 [64.8%% (107/165) vs. 60.2% (106/176); P = 0.37]; EM [1.8% (2/111) vs. 3.6% (4/110); P = 0.95]; FM [21.9% (18/82) vs. 8.0% (7/87); P = 0.13]; and PL [23.8% (20/84) vs. 12.1% (11/91); P = 0.13]. In conclusion, dairy buffaloes present similar reproductive efficiency in fall/winter and spring/summer when subjected to P4/E2/eCG-based protocol for TAI. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Limit-feeding a high-energy diet to meet energy requirements in the dry period alters plasma metabolite concentrations but does not affect intake or milk production in early lactation; Limit-feeding dry cows a high-energy diet may enable adequate energy intake to be sustained as parturition approaches, thus reducing the extent of negative energy balance after parturition. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of dry period feeding strategy on plasma concentrations of hormones and metabolites that reflect energy status. Multiparous Holstein cows (n = 18) were dried off 45 d before expected parturition, paired by expected calving date, parity, and previous lactation milk yield, and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 dry-period diets formulated to meet nutrient requirements at ad libitum or limited intakes. All cows were fed the same diet for ad libitum intake after parturition. Prepartum dry matter intake (DMI) for limit-fed cows was 9.4 kg/d vs. 13.7 kg/d for cows fed ad libitum. During the dry period, limit-fed cows consumed enough feed to meet calculated energy requirements, and ad libitum-fed cows were in positive calculated net energy for lactation (NEL) balance (0.02 vs. 6.37 Mcal/d, respectively). After parturition, milk yield, milk protein concentration, DMI, body condition score, and body weight were not affected by the prepartum treatments. Cows limit fed during the dry period had a less-negative calculated energy balance during wk 1 postpartum. Milk fat concentration and yield were greater for the ad libitum treatment during wk 1 but were lower in wk 2 and 3 postpartum. Plasma insulin and glucose concentrations decreased after calving. Plasma insulin concentration was greater in ad libitum-fed cows on d -2 relative to calving, but did not differ by dietary treatment at other times. Plasma glucose concentrations were lower before and after parturition for cows limit-fed during the dry period. Plasma nonesterified fatty acid concentrations peaked after parturition on d 1 and 4 for the limit-fed and ad libitum treatments, respectively, and were greater for limit-fed cows on d -18, -9, -5, and -2. Plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations did not differ by treatment in either the pre- or postpartum period, but tended to decrease after parturition. Apart from a reduction in body energy loss in the first week after calving, limit feeding a higher NEL diet during the dry period had little effect on intake and milk production during the first month of lactation.
Effects of exogenous oxytocin on embryonic survival in cows; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of oxytocin on embryonic survival in dairy cows. Pregnancy was verified using the early pregnancy factor ( EPF) activity on Day 4 after artificial insemination ( AI). Pregnant cows were randomly allotted to two groups: treated ( n = 8) and control ( n = 8). Oxytocin ( 100 IU, 5 ml, DIF Turkey) was administered twice daily by intravenous injections to treated cows and sterile saline ( 5 ml) to control cows immediately before milking on days 4 to 7 after AI. Blood samples were taken via jugular vein every day from day 4 to 8 and every other day until Day 20 following insemination to evaluate the effect of oxytocin on embryonic survival. The embryonic loss was diagnosed in 3 of the 8 cows treated with oxytocin, and embryonic survival rate was 62.5% in this group versus 87.5% in controls. Short cycles occurred in 37.5% of oxytocin-treated cows. At the same time their serum progesterone concentrations rose more slowly than in controls. It was concluded that cows administered oxytocin on days 4 to 7 after insemination are at a higher risk of pregnancy loss.
Effects of <i>Macleaya cordata</i> extract supplementation in milk on growth performance, some biochemical parameters and a number of selected bacterial groups of the recto-anal microbiota of calves; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of milk Macleaya cordate extract supplementation on the weight gain, feed intake, serum total protein (TP), albumin, globulin, IgG, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), triglyceride (TG), beta-hydroxy butyric acid (BHBA) levels, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels and total aerobic, lactobacillus and coliform bacterial counts of recto-anal swabs in Simmental calves. The feeding study was carried out using 20 (n = 10) 4-day-old Simmental calves (average birth weight 45.55 +/- 1.53 kg) from December 2017 to May, 2018. The experimental treatments comprised milk without any additive (control) and milk with 1 g M. cordata extract added per head per day. The calves were fed with only colostrum until 4 days of age and then with 5 liters per day of whole milk until the end of 65 days. At the end of the study, a significant difference in body weights and feed efficiency between the groups was not observed. During the 4th-6th weeks of the trial, M. cordata extract supplementation in milk decreased the feed intake of the calves. The serum TP, albumin, IgG, BHBA, TG, BUN, ALP and ALT levels were also found to be not statistically different between the treatment groups. At the end of the experiment the serum albumin and BHBA levels were increased, whereas the BUN levels were decreased. There was a significant effect of the group x sex interaction on the serum AST levels. The total aerobic, total coliforms, and lactobacillus bacterial counts of the recto-anal swabs were not different between the experimental groups. In conclusion, the present data demonstrated that supplementation of pre-weaning calves' milk with M. cordata at 1 g per day did not improve growth performance but changed their metabolic status.
Anticarcinogenic effect of probiotic fermented milk and chlorophyllin on aflatoxin-B<sub>1</sub>-induced liver carcinogenesis in rats; The present investigation was carried out to evaluate the hepatoprotective effect of probiotic fermented milk (FM) containing Lactobacillus rbamnosus GG and Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, alone as well as in combination with chlorophyllin (CHL) as an antioxidant agent in male Wistar rats administered aflatoxin-B-1 (AFB(1)). AFB(1) was injected intraperitoneally at the rate of 450 mu g/kg body weight per animal twice a week for 6 weeks, maintaining an equal time interval between the two consecutive AFB(1) administrations. A total of 125 male Wistar rats were randomly allocated to five groups, each group having twenty-five animals. Group I was offered FM containing L. rbamnosus GG and L. casei strain Shirota. Group II was administered AFB(1) and served as the control group; group III was administered FM-AFB(1), in which besides administering AFB(1), FM was also offered. Group IV was offered CHL and AFB(1), and group V was offered both FM and CHL along with AFB(1). The rats were euthanised at the 15th and 25th week of the experiment and examined for the biochemical and hepatopathological profile. A significant reduction in thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) was observed in the FM-CHL-AFB(1) group compared with the AFB(1) control group. FM alone or in combination with CHL was found to show a significant (P<0.05) hepatoprotective effect by lowering the levels of TBARS and by enhancing the activities of antioxidant enzymes such as glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione-S-transferase, indicating that probiotic FM alone or in combination with CHL possesses a potent protective effect against AFB(1)-induced hepatic damage.
AN EPIDEMIOLOGIC-STUDY OF SELECTED CALF PATHOGENS ON HOLSTEIN DAIRY FARMS IN SOUTHWESTERN ONTARIO; Fecal samples from calves on 78 randomly selected Holstein dairy farms in southwestern Ontario were screened for Salmonella, Campylobacter jejuni/coli, enteropathogenic Escherichia coli, rotavirus and coronavirus. Based on the observed prevalence, 22% of farms had calves infected with Salmonella, 13% with Campylobacter jejuni/coli, 41% with enteropathogenic E. coli, 19% with rotavirus and 5% with coronavirus. These estimates can be modified, using a method developed by Mullen and Prost (1983) for the World Health Organization, to account for the nature of the laboratory test used. It the test is assumed to have no false positives (that is, if an organism is detected must be there), then the observed prevalence estimates seen on this study may greatly underestimate the true prevalence of infected premises. The use of nipple feeders for calves was associated with an increased probability of farms having calves shedding detectable fecal levels of Salmonella, E. coli, or one of the two viruses. The use of group pens was associated with an increased odds of finding C. jejuni. Calves with diarrhea on these farms tended to have increased odds of shedding rotavirus, and E. coli with the K99 antigen. However, at the farm level, none of the organisms was associated with above median levels of morbidity. Farms positive for one or other of the viruses had increased odds of experiencing calf mortality relative to virus-negative farms, and farms positive for C. jejuni/coli had decreased odds of mortality. In a separate study utilizing calves form some of the survey farms, scouring calves were observed to be more likely to shed rotavirus and E. coli positive for K99 than appropriately matched nonscouring calves from the same farms. A comparison of an indirect fluorescent antibody test for K99 with a commonly used serological method for screening for enterotoxigenic E. coli found no significant relationship between the results of the two tests.
Improved performance and heightened neutrophil responses during the neonatal and weaning periods among outdoor group-housed Holstein calves; The objective was to determine if outdoor group housing of Holstein calves influences metabolic status, leukocyte responses, and behavior compared with individually housed calves. Forty-nine Holstein heifer calves (2 +/- 1d of age) were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments: individually housed (G1; n = 22) or group housed [3 calves per pen (G3); n = 27]. The space allowances per calf were 4.8 and 7.0 m(2) for G1 and G3, respectively. All calves were offered an identical plane of milk replacer nutrition (747 and 1,010 g of DM/d of a 28% CP:20% fat milk replacer from wk 1 to 2 and wk 3 to 6, respectively). Weaning was initiated during wk 7 by removing the p.m. feeding and calves were completely weaned when they consumed 900 g of calf starter/d (as fed) for 2 consecutive days after d 54. At d 90, calves were commingled into random outdoor groups of 5 calves per pen. Peripheral blood was collected during the neonatal (d 3, 10, and 21), weaning (d 46, 48, and 54), and commingling periods (d 90, 93, and 98) and was analyzed for neutrophil oxidative burst (OB) capacity when cocultured with Escherichia coli, neutrophil surface L-selectin protein expression, and whole-blood secretion of tumor necrosis factor-a when cocultured with lipopolysaccharide. Starter intake was greater for G3 during the postweaning period (wk 8 to 12). Average daily gain was greater for G3 than 01 from d 54 to 68 and tended to be greater after commingling from d 113 to 133. During the neonatal period, G3 calves had more activated neutrophils, as evidenced by increased neutrophil L-selectin protein expression and a tendency for increased percentage of neutrophils producing an OB than G1 calves. During weaning, G3 calves continued to have more activated neutrophils with increased L-selectin expression on d 46 and 48 and a greater OB intensity throughout the period. No differences were observed among leukocyte responses between treatments at d 93 and 98. Outdoor group-housed Holstein calves had improved performance and heightened neutrophil responses compared with individually housed calves.
The digital MySteps intervention for abused women at risk for firearm-related injuries and homicides: Findings from the feasibility, acceptability and preliminary efficacy trial; Background: Firearms are the leading cause of victimization of abused women by intimate partner homicide and intimate partner homicide-suicides in the US. This calls for evidence-based intervention strategies to prevent firearm-related injuries or mortality and address the firearms-related safety needs of women in abusive relationships. My Safety Steps (MySteps) was designed to comprehensively assess women's firearm-related risks, and current safety needs and to prevent women's harm from their abuser's access or ownership of a firearm through a digitally delivered firearm-focused safety planning intervention. This paper describes the development, feasibility, acceptability, and preliminary evaluation of the digital BSHAPE intervention among women survivors of intimate partner violence (IPV). Methods: Using a pretest post-test control group design, the study was conducted with 103 participants with 55 women randomly assigned to the MySteps arm and 48 women to the standard of care control arm. The feasibility and acceptability outcomes assessed were enrollment, adherence, and perceptions of the intervention. Preliminary evaluation outcomes included the partner's access to a firearm, women's self-efficacy beliefs, and empowerment. Further, qualitative follow-up interviews were conducted with 30 survivors of IPV in the MySteps arm to follow up on the use and helpfulness of safety strategies provided in MySteps. Results and conclusion: The intervention was found to be feasible, and acceptable and demonstrated improved outcomes for survivors of IPV at risk from their partner's firearm. Women provided feedback for further refinement. The findings of this study will be useful in further refining MySteps and testing it in a full-scale randomized controlled trial.
Lipid-based nutrient supplement at initiation of antiretroviral therapy does not substitute energy from habitual diet among HIV patients - a secondary analysis of data from a randomised controlled trial in Ethiopia; Introduction: Malnutrition is common among people with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa. Nutritional supplementation at initiation of antiretroviral treatment (ART) has shown beneficial effects, but it is not known if supplementation replaces or supplements the habitual energy intake in a context of food insecurity. Methods: As part of a randomised controlled trial among people with HIV initiating ART in Ethiopia, we assessed whether the provision of a lipid-based nutrient supplement (LNS) affected energy intake from the habitual diet. Peo-ple with HIV aged >= 18 years with a body mass index (BMI) >17 were randomly allocated 2:1 to receive either early (month 1-3 after ART initiation) or delayed (month 4-6 after ART initiation) supplementation with LNS (approximate to 4,600 kJ/day). Participants with BMI 16-17 were all allocated to early supplementation. The daily energy intake from the habitual diet (besides the energy contribution from LNS) was assessed using a 24-h food recall interview at baseline and at monthly follow-up visits. Linear mixed models were used to compare habitual energy intake in (1) early versus delayed supplementation groups and (2) supplemented versus unsupplemented time periods within groups. Results: Of 301 participants included, 67% of the participants were women, mean (+/- standard deviation [SD]) age was 32.9 (+/- 8.9) years and 68% were living in moderately or severely food insecure households. Mean (+/- SD) reported habitual energy intake at baseline was 5,357 kJ/day (+/- 2,246) for women and 7,977 kJ/day(+/- 3,557) for men. Among all participants, there were no differences in mean habitual energy intake between supplemented and unsupplemented groups in neither the first 3 (P = 0.72) nor the following 3 months (P = 0.56). Furthermore, habitual energy intake did not differ within groups when comparing periods with or without supplementation (P = 0.15 and P = 0.20). The severity of food insecurity did not modify the effect of supplementation in habitual energy intake (P = 0.55). Findings were similar when participants with BMI 16-17 were excluded. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that the LNS provided after ART initiation supplement, rather than substitute, habitual energy intake among people with HIV, even among those who are food insecure. This supports the feasibility of introducing nutritional supplementation as part of HIV treatment.
Bioavailability of selenium from selenium-enriched milk assessed in the artificially reared neonatal pig; There is interest in pre-farm gate fortification of the diet with highly bioavailable selenium (Se) to improve public health, so the aim of the present study was to determine the bioavailabilities of Se from Se-enriched whole milk and milk replacers supplemented with exogenous Se in neonatal pigs. Milk enriched with Se (1070 mu g Se/kg dry matter (DM); HSeM) was obtained from cows supplemented with selenised yeast while the control milk diet (135 mu g Se/kg DM; LSeM) was made using milk powder from non-supplemented cows. Additional diets were formulated by adding selenised yeast (HSP) or selenate (HSN) to the LSeM diet to give final Se concentrations of 1070 mu g Se/kg DM. Neonatal pigs were trained to drink milk and then randomly allocated to their four respective diets and slaughter times (0, 7, 14, 28 and 42 days of feeding). Plasma Se increased over the first 2 1 days in pigs consuming HSeM, reaching a value over three times higher than the LSeM pigs. Plasma Se concentrations plateaued at 45, 12 5, 122 and 170 mu g/mL for LSeM, HSN, HSP and HSeM pigs, respectively (P < 0.001). After 28 days, muscle Se plateaued at 47, 106, 237 and 486 mu g/kg for LSeM, HSN, HSP and HSeM pigs, respectively (P< 0.001). Colonic selenoprotein P gene expression was greater (P = 0.024) in pigs fed HSeM compared with LSeM while the HSP and HSN were intermediate. These data suggest that Se in milk from cows fed selenised yeast is highly bioavailable and may offer a means of delivering supplemental Se to humans.
Effect of whole soy and isoflavones daidzein on bone turnover and inflammatory markers: a 6-month double-blind, randomized controlled trial in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers; Background: Human studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy or isoflavones on bone metabolism. However, conflicting data remain. Equol is the intestinal metabolite of the isoflavone daidzein. The health benefits of soy are more pronounced in equol producers than those not producing equol. This 6-month randomized controlled trial aimed to examine the effect of whole soy (soy flour) and purified daidzein on bone turnover markers (BTMs) in Chinese postmenopausal women who are equol producers. Methods: A total of 270 eligible women were randomized to either one of the three isocaloric supplements as follows: 40 g soy flour (whole soy group), 40 g low-fat milk powder + 63 mg daidzein (daidzein group), or 40 g low-fat milk powder (placebo group) given as a solid beverage daily for 6 months. The following fasting venous samples were collected at the baseline and end of the trial to analyze BTMs: serum cross-linked C-telopeptides of type I collagen, bone-specific alkaline phosphatase, osteocalcin, procollagen type I N-terminal propeptide, and 25(OH)D-3. Inflammation-related biomarkers, such as serum interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, C-reactive protein, transferrin, and homocysteine, were also tested to explore potential mechanisms. Results: A total of 253 subjects validly completed the study protocol. Urinary isoflavones suggested a good compliance to the treatments. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses indicated no significant difference in the 6-month or percentage changes in the parameters of bone metabolism and inflammatory markers among the three treatment groups. Conclusions: Whole soy and purified daidzein at provided dosages exhibited no significant effect on the bone metabolism and inflammation levels among Chinese equol-producing postmenopausal women.
Adaptation to Lactose in Lactase Non Persistent People: Effects on Intolerance and the Relationship between Dairy Food Consumption and Evalution of Diseases; Dairy foods contain complex nutrients which interact with the host. Yet, evolution of lactase persistence has divided the human species into those that can or cannot digest lactose in adulthood. Such a ubiquitous trait has differential effects on humanity. The literature is reviewed to explore how the divide affects lactose handling by lactase non persistent persons. There are two basic differences in digesters. Firstly, maldigesters consume less dairy foods, and secondly, excess lactose is digested by colonic microflora. Lactose intolerance in maldigesters may occur with random lactose ingestion. However, lactose intolerance without maldigestion tends to detract from gaining a clear understanding of the mechanisms of symptoms formation and leads to confusion with regards to dairy food consumption. The main consequence of intolerance is withholding dairy foods. However, regular dairy food consumption by lactase non persistent people could lead to colonic adaptation by the microbiome. This process may mimic a prebiotic effect and allows lactase non persistent people to consume more dairy foods enhancing a favorable microbiome. This process then could lead to alterations in outcome of diseases in response to dairy foods in lactose maldigesters. The evidence that lactose is a selective human prebiotic is reviewed and current links between dairy foods and some diseases are discussed within this context. Colonic adaptation has not been adequately studied, especially with modern microbiological techniques.
Nine dietary habits and risk of colorectal cancer: a Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundEpidemiological studies have provided evidence that there is an association between diet and colorectal cancer. However, the causal relationship between dietary habits and colorectal cancer remains unknown.MethodsThe UK Biobank provided summary-level genome-wide association study data for nine dietary habits, including alcohol consumption (n = 549,703), instant coffee consumption (n = 250,308), fruit consumption (n = 210,947), meat consumption (n = 210,947), full cream milk consumption (n = 41,306), sweets consumption (n = 25,521), tea consumption (n = 501,494), vegetable consumption (n = 210,947), and yogurt/ice cream consumption (n = 210,947). Additionally, data on colorectal cancer were collected, consisting of 5,567 cases and 372,016 controls. The MR analysis employed inverse variance weighted, weighted median, MR-Egger regression, and MR multivariate residuals tests.ResultsIn the predominantly European population, a positive association was observed between vegetables (OR = 1.014, 95% CI = 1.000-1.029, p = 0.048) and an increased risk of colorectal cancer. The results for vegetable did not survive correction for multiple comparisons. However, no strong evidence was found for other dietary factors, such as alcohol (OR = 1.012, 95% CI = 0.974-1.051, p = 0.556), fruit (OR = 1.007, 95% CI = 0.986-1.029, p = 0.512), meat (OR = 1.000, 95% CI = 0.987-1.026, p = 0.968), full cream milk (OR = 1.019, 95% CI = 0.979-1.061, p = 0.357), sweets (OR = 0.998, 95% CI = 0.991-1.004, p = 0.524), and tea (OR = 1.002, 95% CI = 0.994-1.009, p = 0.672), with regards to colorectal cancer risk in the European population.ConclusionsOur study highlights the need for a more nuanced approach to dietary recommendations for CRC prevention, with greater emphasis adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern.
Predictors of local adverse effects caused by topical tretinoin cream 0.1% in the Veterans Affairs Topical Tretinoin Chemoprevention trial; Background Topical tretinoin is common]. y prescribed, but its frequent adverse effects are barriers to use. Predictors of resistance or susceptibility to retinoid irri tation are not known.
Management of Acute Radiodermatitis in Non-Melanoma Skin Cancer Patients Using Electrospun Nanofibrous Patches Loaded with <i>Pinus halepensis</i> Bark Extract; Simple Summary
Colorectal cancer prognosis based on dietary pattern using synthetic minority oversampling technique with K-nearest neighbors approach; Generally, a person's life span depends on their food consumption because it may cause deadly diseases like colorectal cancer (CRC). In 2020, colorectal cancer accounted for one million fatalities globally, representing 10% of all cancer casualties. 76,679 males and 78,213 females over the age of 59 from ten states in the United States participated in this analysis. During follow-up, 1378 men and 981 women were diagnosed with colon cancer. This prospective cohort study used 231 food items and their variants as input features to identify CRC patients. Before labelling any foods as colorectal cancer-causing foods, it is ethical to analyse facts like how many grams of food should be consumed daily and how many times a week. This research examines five classification algorithms on real-time datasets: K-Nearest Neighbour (KNN), Decision Tree (DT), Random Forest (RF), Logistic Regression with Classifier Chain (LRCC), and Logistic Regression with Label Powerset (LRLC). Then, the SMOTE algorithm is applied to deal with and identify imbalances in the data. Our study shows that eating more than 10 g/d of low-fat butter in bread (RR 1.99, CI 0.91-4.39) and more than twice a week (RR 1.49, CI 0.93-2.38) increases CRC risk. Concerning beef, eating in excess of 74 g of beef steak daily (RR 0.88, CI 0.50-1.55) and having it more than once a week (RR 0.88, CI 0.62-1.23) decreases the risk of CRC, respectively. While eating beef and dairy products in a daily diet should be cautious about quantity. Consuming those items in moderation on a regular basis will protect us against CRC risk. Meanwhile, a high intake of poultry (RR 0.2, CI 0.05-0.81), fish (RR 0.82, CI 0.31-2.16), and pork (RR 0.67, CI 0.17-2.65) consumption negatively correlates to CRC hazards.
The effect of environmental temperature on average daily gain in preweaned calves: A randomized controlled trial and Bayesian analysis; Neonatal calves are relatively susceptible to heat loss, and previous research suggests that reduced environmental temperatures are associated with reduced average daily gain (ADG) during the preweaning phase. Current methods of mitigating negative effects of colder environmental conditions include the use of calf jackets and the provision of supplementary heat sources; however, previous research is limited. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of calf jackets and 1-kW heat lamps on the growth rates of preweaning calves and evaluate associations between environmental temperature and ADG using a Bayesian approach to incorporate both current and previous data. Seventy-nine calves from a single British dairy farm were randomly allocated at birth to 1 of the following 4 groups: no jacket and no heat lamp, heat lamp but no jacket, jacket but no heat lamp, or both heat lamp and jacket between January and April of 2021. Calves were weighed at both birth and at approximately 21 d of age. Temperature was recorded both inside and outside of the calf building, and in pens both with and without heat lamps using data loggers. To explore the effect of treatment group and environmental temperature on ADG, a fixed effects model was fitted over 1,000 bootstrap samples. The effect of environmental temperature on ADG was further explored within a Bayesian framework that used temperature and ADG data for 484 calves from 16 farms available from a previous trial as prior information. Calves housed under a 1-kW heat lamp had an increased ADG of 0.09 kg/d (95% bootstrap confidence interval: -0.02 to 0.20 kg/d), and no effect of jacket or interactions between jacket and heat lamp were found. A significant positive association was identified between the mean environmental temperature of the calf building and ADG, with a 1 degrees C increase in temperature being associated with a 0.03 kg/d increase in ADG (95% bootstrap confidence interval: 0.01 to 0.04 kg/d). Associations between environmental temperature and ADG were further evaluated within a Bayesian framework, and posterior estimates were 0.014 kg/d of ADG per 1 degrees C increase (95% credible interval: 0.009 to 0.021 kg/d). This study demonstrated that a 1-kW heat lamp was effective in increasing ADG in calves, and no significant effect of calf jacket on ADG was found. A significant, positive effect of increased pen temperature on calf ADG was identified in this study and was reinforced when including prior information from previous research within a Bayesian framework.
Dissemination and characterization of <i>Stenotrophomonas maltophilia</i> isolates from Dairy Cows in Northeast China; This work investigated the genetic relationship among Stenotrophomonas maltophilia strains in fecal samples from dairy cows in northeast China and identified the dominant 13-lactamase genotype. One hundred and six samples were collected from two randomly selected cow farms in northeast China, and the isolates were identified with MALDI-TOF/MS. Whole-genome sequencing was conducted using Illumina HiSeq 4000-PE150 platform (Illumina, Inc., USA). The antimicrobial resistance genes were detected using CGE services. The phylogenetic analysis of S. maltophilia strains was performed by Roary and MEGA X. In total, 24 S. maltophilia isolates were isolated. The results of resistome analysis showed all S. maltophilia strains carrying blaL1 gene, which was the only 13-lactamase genotype. In addition, the aminoglycoside resistance genes aac(6')-Iz and aph(3')-IIc were found. The phylogenetic tree indicated the clonal diversity of S. maltophilia in these two regions and the clonal relatedness of the strains from these regions. This study first investigated the dissemination and characterization of S. maltophilia isolates from dairy cows in northeast China and provided evidence of the potential transmission between two provinces. Furthermore, it indicated blaL1 was the most prevalent genotype of 13-lactamase in these regions.
Milk Products Containing Bioactive Tripeptides Have an Antihypertensive Effect in Double Transgenic Rats (dTGR) Harbouring Human Renin and Human Angiotensinogen Genes; Tripeptides isoleucyl-prolyl-proline (IPP) and valyl-prolyl-proline (VPP) act as ACE inhibitors in vitro. Double transgenic rats (dTGR) harbouring human renin and human angiotensinogen genes develop malignant hypertension due to increased angiotensin II formation. The present study was aimed to evaluate possible antihypertensive effect of IPP and VPP in this severe model. Four-week- old dTGR were randomized in three groups to receive: (1) water (control), (2) fermented milk containing IPP and VPP, and (3) IPP and VPP dissolved in water for three weeks. Fermented milk, but not peptides in water, attenuated the development of hypertension in dTGR by 19 mm Hg versus the control group (P = .023). In vitro vascular function tests showed that high concentrations of the peptides evinced ACE inhibitory properties. In other hypertension related variables, no significant differences between the treatment groups were found. In conclusion, fermented milk product containing IPP and VPP prevents development of malignant hypertension in an animal model.
Incidence and costs of health problems in Swiss dairy cattle and their calves (1993-1994); Between July 1993 and July 1994 morbidity and management information related to dairy cows and their calves up to the age of 8 weeks were recorded in 113 randomly selected dairy herds. Also recorded were any costs incurred through disease and prevention. Blood and faeces were analysed with respect to selected pathogens. The health problems most frequently diagnosed in cows were reproductive and udder diseases. Calves suffered most often from diarrhea, omphalitis and pneumonia. The directly disease related costs per cow-year on average amounted to CHF 139.44 and CHF 4.18 per calf. For prevention, farmers spent on average CHF 10.18 per cow-year.
ORDINARY VERSUS RANDOM-EFFECTS LOGISTIC-REGRESSION FOR ANALYZING HERD-LEVEL CALF MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY DATA; The analysis of data from populations organized into groups is frequently complicated by cluster (herd) effects. When present, clustering effects influence the probability of a health-related event in a way that is not readily accounted for with classical fixed-effects models (including unconditional logistic regression). Clustering introduces an additional source of (extra-binomial) variation into a logistic regression model, violating the independence and identical-distribution assumptions, and leading to biased variance estimators and spurious statistical significance. One remedy is to treat herd effects as random effects, so that variation even from unmeasured and unmeasurable (but clustered) sources can be accounted for. The logistic-normal regression model is introduced as one such random-effects model; its application is demonstrated using data from a previously described study of calfhood morbidity and mortality in 25 New York dairy herds.
Effect of SpermVital® technology on conception rate in repeat breeder multiparous dairy cows: preliminary results; The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of SV technology on conception rates in repeat breeder multiparous dairy cows. Seventy-nine multiparous Holstein cows from a private dairy farm were used in the study. These animals were cows that had failed to conceive from at least 3 regularly spaced services (repeat breeders). Estrus cycles of the cows were synchronized by 2 injections of the PG analogue, administered 11 days apart. GnRH was applied 48 h after the second injection of PG. Twenty-four h after this administration, the animals were randomly divided into 2 groups, control and SV. The animals in the control group (n = 28) were inseminated with standard processed semen, and the cows in the SV group (n = 51) were inseminated with SV (R) technology processed semen. A lower pregnancy rate (35.5%) was determined in the control group than in the SV (47.1%) group. The difference between pregnancy rates in the groups was statistically significant (P < 0.05). We are at too early a stage to say that SV (R) Technology can fully respond to the deficiencies in herd management. This work may also lead to future studies into the use of more animal material.
Circulating insulin-like growth factor-related biomarkers: Correlates and responses to calcium supplementation in colorectal adenoma patients; Circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) may be directly associated with colorectal cancer risk, and IGF binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) is one of the most abundantly expressed binding proteins in various cancers. Calcium intakes, primarily from food, have been directly associated with circulating IGF-1, but whether supplemental calcium affects IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 is unknown. We tested the effects of 1.0 and 2.0g of supplemental elemental calcium daily on circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations in colorectal adenoma patients in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial (n=193). IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were quantified using enzyme-linked immunoassay and quantitative Western ligand blot, respectively. We also assessed cross-sectional associations of these biomarkers with participants' baseline characteristics. We found no appreciable effect of calcium relative to placebo on circulating IGF-1, IGFBP-3, or the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio. Mean IGF-1 concentrations were 11.1% higher in those with greater milk intakes (P=0.05). Mean IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations were, respectively, 18.0% (P=0.003) and 16.5% (P=0.01) higher in men and were monotonically lower with increasing age (both P=0.01). IGFBP-3 was 17.7% higher among those with higher relative to no alcohol consumption (P=0.04). While these results support previous findings that IGF-1 concentrations are higher with greater milk intakes, and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations differ according to sex and age, they provide no evidence to suggest that supplemental calcium appreciably affects circulating IGF-1, IGFBP-3, or the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 molar ratio in sporadic colorectal adenoma patients.
Effect of β-hydroxy β-methyl butyrate supplementation of sows in late gestation and lactation on sow production of colostrum and milk and piglet performance; This trial was conducted to investigate whether beta-hydroxy beta-methyl butyrate (HMB) supplementation during late gestation and throughout lactation would influence colostrum and milk production of sows and neonatal piglet survival (0 to 24 h). Control sows (CON; n = 8) were fed a standard lactation diet from day 108 of gestation and until 28 d after parturition (weaning). Sows fed HMB (n = 8) were fed the CON diet topdressed with 2.5 g Ca(HMB)(2) equally divided at each 2 daily meals throughout the experiment. Litters were standardized to 12 piglets per sow within experimental group on day 1, and both groups weaned on average 11.3 piglets per sow. Blood samples were taken from the sows by jugular vein puncture on days -3, 1, 10, 17, and 28 relative to parturition. Piglets were weighed at birth, after 24 h, and repeatedly throughout lactation to estimate the colostrum and milk yield of the sows. Samples of colostrum and milk were collected and analyzed. Sows fed HMB had a higher colostrum yield (512 vs. 434 +/- 30 g/piglet; P = 0.05) estimated based on the piglet weight gain during the colostrum period (132 vs. 76 +/- 21 g/piglet; P = 0.05) and the mortality rate of HMB piglets were lower during the colostrum period (0.0 vs. 4.8%, P < 0.05). The HMB supplementation did not affect colostrum composition (P > 0.10). Supplementation with HMB increased milk content of fat (7.40 vs. 6.47 +/- 0.30%; P < 0.05), dry matter (19.0 vs. 18.2 +/- 0.26; P < 0.05), and energy (4.81 vs. 4.47 +/- 0.12 kJ/g; P < 0.05) and reduced the sow backfat at weaning (11.4 vs. 14.5 +/- 1.0 mm; P < 0.05). The HMB piglets weighed less at weaning than the control piglets (7.48 vs. 8.30 +/- 0.20 kg; P < 0.01), although the milk yield was not reduced. Plasma acetate was higher in HMB sows [202 (175; 233) vs. 158 (141; 179) mu M; P < 0.05] whereas plasma 3-hydroxy butyrate was reduced in HMB sows during lactation. In conclusion, HMB supplemented to sows improved the colostrum production but inhibited piglet growth at peak lactation.
Efficacy of Mrudu Samvahana (Forehead Massage) over Takra Dhara (Buttermilk Dripping Therapy) in Anxiety and Stress Induced Essential Hypertension - A Randomized Clinical Trial; Blood pressure level measuring above 140/90 mm of Hg is termed as hypertension. Hypertension is associated with various risk factors and also is mainly responsible for mortality in industrialized countries. The treatment for hypertension in modern science is palliative in nature. Many of these, along with its effectiveness in controlling the blood pressure, cause adverse side effects; hence the need for the hour is an alternate therapy with no potential side effects. Ayurveda has potential medicines to alleviate hypertension without causing any side effects. The study was to evaluate clinical efficacy of two Ayurveda procedures Mrudu Samvahana and Takradhaara in essential hypertension. The study included a total of 40 patients, attending the Outpatient department of KLE Ayurveda hospital, randomized into Group A and Group B of 20 each. The patients in group A received Mrudu samvaahana with Murchita tila taila which was performed 20 minutes per day for 7 days. The patients in group B received Takra dhara with Amalaki siddha takra which was performed 40 minutes per day for 7 days. Statistical analysis revealed that both groups Mrudu Samvahana and Takradhara showed significant (P< 0.0001) results determined by unpaired T test in objective parameters. Between the group assessment. revealed that Takra dhara has shown better results compared to mrudu samvahana in reduction of systolic and diastolic blood pressure. (P<0.0048).
FOOD-GROUP CONSUMPTION AND COLON CANCER IN THE ADELAIDE CASE-CONTROL STUDY .2. MEAT, POULTRY, SEAFOOD, DAIRY FOODS AND EGGS; We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 8 groups of foods from animal sources was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were obtained using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. The most striking finding was a positive association for egg consumption in females, with an unadjusted OR of 2.4 (1.1-5.3) for consumption in the uppermost quartile. The uppermost septile of egg consumption was associated with an unadjusted OR of 6.3 (1.5-26.1) and a dose-response pattern was suggested. Intakes of red meat, liver, seafood, and dairy foods were also weakly positively associated with risk in females. In males, intakes of red meat and poultry were weakly positively associated with risk with unadjusted ORs of 1.5 (0.8-2.8) and 1.4 (0.7-2.6) respectively. The ratio of intake of red meat to poultry and seafood was also positively associated with risk in males, with an unadjusted OR of 1.4 (0.8-2.6). Interpretation of analyses stratified by colon cancer subsite was limited by the low number of subjects in each sub-site stratum, yet the results were somewhat supportive of a stronger risk associated with animal foods in the proximal than in the distal colon. The results for egg consumption suggest a role for cholesterol in the etiology of colon cancer, particularly in proximal cancer for females. Results for vegetable and fruit consumption are presented in a companion report.
Effect of <i>Bifidobacterium bifidum</i> fermented milk on <i>helicobacter pylori</i> and serum pepsinogen levels in humans; Helicobacter pylori infection is an important risk factor for gastric diseases. Some probiotics are useful for suppressing H. pylori infection. Bifidobacterium bifidum YIT 4007 can improve the experimental gastric injury in rats and the disease stages on the gastric mucosa in peptic ulcer patients. We evaluated the fermented milk using a clone (BF-1) having the stronger ability to survive in the product than this parent strain to clarify the in vitro suppressive effect of BF-1 on H. pylori and the in vivo efficacy of BF-1 fermented milk on H. pylori and gastric health. In the mixed culture assay of BF- 1 and H. pylori, the number of pathogens was decreased such that it was not detected after 48 h in the Brucella broth with a decrease in pH values. In the cell culture experiment with human gastric cells, the H. pylori infection-induced IL-8 secretion was suppressed by the preincubation of BF-1. In a human study of 12-wk ingestion (BF-1 group, n = 40; placebo group, n = 39) with a randomized double-blind placebo-control design, the H. pylori urease activity and gastric situation were evaluated using a urea breath test (UBT) and the serum pepsinogen (PG) levels as biomarkers for inflammation or atrophy, respectively. In the H. pylori-positive subjects, the difference (UBT) of the UBT value from the baseline value in the BF-1 group (n = 34) was lower than that in the placebo group (n = 35) at 8 wk. The baseline UBT values showed a negative correlation with. UBT values at 8 and 12 wk in the BF-1 group but not in the placebo. In the PG-positive subjects classified by the PG test method, the BF-1 group was lower in. UBT values than the placebo group at 8 and 12 wk. In the active gastritis class by PG levels, the BF-1 group was lower in their. UBT values than the placebo at 8 and 12 wk. The PG I levels in the BF- 1 group were lower than the placebo at 12 wk. The PG II levels in the BF- 1 group did not change during the ingestion period, but the placebo was increased. The PGI/II ratios slightly decreased from baseline at 12 and 20 wk in the BF-1 and placebo groups. These patterns were also observed in the H. pylori-positive subjects. The improving rates of upper gastrointestinal symptomatic subjects and total symptom numbers in the BF-1 group were higher than those in the placebo. These results indicate that BF-1 fermented milk may affect H. pylori infection or its activity, gastric mucosal situation, and the emergence of upper gastrointestinal symptoms.
Soy milk consumption, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in women with rheumatoid arthritis: A randomised cross-over clinical trial; Aim: The purpose of the present study was to determine the effects of soy milk consumption compared with cow's milk on inflammatory and oxidative stress markers among women with rheumatoid arthritis.
Combination Topical Chemotherapy for the Treatment of an Invasive Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma; Introduction: Standard of care for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) is usually surgical, with either excision or Mohs micrographic surgery. However, surgery may not be ideal for elderly patients with numerous lesions, who are poor surgical candidates or who refuse surgery. Topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and imiquimod have been studied off-label as monotherapies in the treatment of SCC in situ with promising results. However, long-term tumor-free survival rates are still less than with surgical management.
Time trends in social differences in nutrition habits of a Lithuanian population: 1994-2010; Background: During the post-communist transition period, political, economic, and social changes affected the lifestyles of the Lithuanian population, including their nutritional habits. However, people of lower socio-economic position were more vulnerable to these changes. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the trends in selected food habits of the Lithuanian adult population by their level of education and place of residence from 1994 to 2010.
Effects of early pregnancy diagnosis by per rectal palpation of the amniotic sac on pregnancy loss in dairy cattle; Objective-To determine effects of per rectal amniotic sac palpation (ASP) for pregnancy diagnosis during early gestation on pregnancy loss in lactating cows.
Randomized, paired comparison of no-sting barrier film versus sorbolene cream (10% glycerine) skin care during postmastectomy irradiation; Purpose: Postmastectomy irradiation provides an excellent model for irradiated skin care practices because of the relatively uniform surface and radiation compared with other situations in which radiation-induced moist desquamation is common. We designed a study to test the effect of prophylactic 3M Cavilon No-Sting Barrier Film (No-Sting) on the rates of moist desquamation compared with sorbolene cream (with 10% glycerin).
Modulation of natural killer cell activity by supplementation of fermented milk containing <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> in habitual smokers; Background. Habitual smoking significantly reduces natural killer (NK) cell activity. To clarify whether the intake of fermented milk containing lactic acid bacteria restores NK cell activity in habitual smokers, we conducted a placebo-controlled double-blind test.
Why sold, not culled? Analysing farm and animal characteristics associated with livestock selling practices; Livestock disease simulation models that incorporate animal movements often assume (1) that farmers' livestock trading practices remain consistent over time in future, (2) that animals sold to other farms are chosen randomly from a herd, and (3) that the animals' fate on the destination farm is not influenced by their past production and movement histories. The objective of this study was to assess the extent to which these assumptions are violated in the real world using records from a national database in New Zealand that captures both milk production and movement data for individual dairy cattle. All individual animal milk test records from 2006 through 2010 were extracted from the database and processed to generate different animal and herd level variables including cow demographics, previous movement history, milk volume, and milk composition (somatic cell counts (SCC), protein percentage, and fat percentage). Various statistical models were used to explore factors associated with farms' selling practice and characteristics of animals being sold. The results showed farms' livestock selling practices were highly influenced by both external factors such as market milk price and internal factors such as previous year's cow mortality and how long farms had been in business. Higher milk price increased both the number of cows being sold and the number of farms selling cows. Compared with cows that remained in the herd at the end of lactation, cows sold to other farms had lower fat and protein percentages, but similar milk volumes and SCCs. Cows that had been sold more often in the past were more likely to be sold after controlling for the effects of age. Overall, these findings highlight the potential need for disease simulation models to account for dynamics in selling practices and animal characteristics when determining which animals will be sold to other herds.
Top-dressing 1% arginine supplementation in the lactation diet of sows does not affect the litter performance and milk composition; The study aimed to evaluate the effects of arginine supplementation in the lactation diet of sows on their milk composition, litter performance and piglet survival. Sixty-four lactating Landrace x Large White sows, parity 1 to 7, were randomly assigned to two treatments: 1) Control - a corn/soybean meal based diet with 1.10% standardized ileal digestible (SID) lysine and 3,475kcal of metabolizable energy (ME) kg(-1), and 2) arginine - the control diet top-dressed daily with arginine at 1% of feed allowance. The daily feed allowance per sow was 5.0 and 7.5kg from day (D)0 to D7 and D8 to D21, respectively. The average litter size was 12.8 piglets after cross-fostering. Litters were weighed on D1, D10, and D21 of lactation and pre-weaning mortality was recorded. Samples of milk (60mL) were collected from all functional teats at D10 and D20 of lactation. There were no effects (P>0.05) of arginine supplementation on piglet weight, litter weight, and average daily gain of piglets at D10 and D21 of lactation. The interaction between weight day and treatment was not significant (P>0.05) for any of these response variables. The percentages of piglets that survived until D10 and D21 were 90.3% and 88.3%, respectively, with no difference (P>0.05) between treatments. There were no effects (P>0.05) of the lactation day (D10 or D20), treatment or the interaction between them on crude protein and amino acid content in milk. Top-dressing arginine at 1% of feed allowance of the lactation diet of sows does not affect litter performance and survival and does not influence the amino acid content or arginine: lysine ratio of milk.
Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Therapy in Operable Pancreatic Cancer: Both Honey and Milk (but No Bread?); Pancreatic cancer has a dismal prognosis. Resection is the best option for cure, supported by multimodal therapy to treat the systemic disease. While adjuvant therapy has become standard in those who are fit and who can tolerate the given regimen, the concept of perioperative (neoadjuvant) therapy is building momentum. The concepts of "borderline" and "locally advanced" have changed the previous dichotomized "resectable/non-resectable" into subcategories for which new algorithms have emerged, with neoadjuvant therapy discussed both for upfront resectable pancreatic cancer, for those deemed borderline resectable, and as "induction or conversion" therapy for locally advanced disease. The purpose of this invited commentary is to discuss some of the changing paradigms in multimodal therapy for operable pancreatic cancer. The PREOPANC trial presented randomized data on the role of neoadjuvant therapy for resectable and borderline cancers, but new questions have emerged. The role of combination therapy in the preoperative setting is discussed in the light of this trial. FOLFIRINOX has emerged as the most potent treatment regimen in the metastatic and adjuvant setting, but with no level I data to support neoadjuvant use yet. Several trials are ongoing to arrive at the best answer.
Chemotherapy-induced hand foot syndrome: comparative efficacy and safety of pharmacological prophylaxis - systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis; Background Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) is one of the most common toxicities experienced by patients receiving systemic chemotherapy agents such as capecitabine and multikinase inhibitors such as sorafenib. Several randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have investigated the efficacy and safety of prophylactic agents such as pyridoxine, celecoxib, urea cream and cystine/theanine in managing HFS. This network meta-analysis (NMA) evaluated data from high-quality trials to provide strong evidence in forming recommendations to prevent systemic cancer therapy-induced HFS.
EFFECT OF HIGH-LEVELS OF COPPER OR DICHLORVOS DURING LATE GESTATION AND LACTATION ON SOW PRODUCTIVITY; One hundred and eighty-five crossbred (Yorkshire x Landrace) sows of mixed parity were randomly assigned to be fed either a basal diet or the same ration top dressed with either 500 ppm dichlorvos, 250 ppm copper or a combination of these additives.  Top dressing was conducted from the time the sows entered the farrowing crate on day 106 of gestation until they were weaned 28 d postpartum.  There was no effect of treatment on the number of pigs born alive, born dead or their birthweight.  However, preweaning mortality, based as a percentage of pigs found alive, was 20.3% for control sows, 13.8% for sows fed the ration top dressed with copper, 12.3% for sows fed the ration top dressed with dichlorvos and 10.6% for sows fed the ration top dressed with the combination of feed additives (P = 0.02).  There was no significant effect of treatment on the percentage of fat, protein, lactose or total solids in sows milk.  There was also no effect of treatment on lactation feed intake, sow weight loss through lactation, the interval between weaning and successful service, conception rate, serum copper levels or total cholesterol.  HDL cholesterol levels, serum copper, zinc and iron levels were generally higher in piglets from treated sows than controls.  It was concluded that feeding high levels of copper or dichlorvos, alone or in combination, during late gestation and lactation may be useful as a means of reducing preweaning mortality in baby pigs.  However, the increased survival rate of baby pigs is unlikely due to alterations in the composition of sow's milk or milk yield.
Randomized Controlled Trial of a Prenatal Breastfeeding Self-Efficacy Intervention in Primiparous Women in Iran; Objective: To determine the effects of a prenatal breastfeeding self-efficacy intervention on breastfeeding self-efficacy and breastfeeding outcomes.
Nuts: Natural Pleiotropic Nutraceuticals; Common nuts (tree nuts and peanuts) are energy-dense foods that nature has gifted with a complex matrix of beneficial nutrients and bioactives, including monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, high-quality protein, fiber, non-sodium minerals, tocopherols, phytosterols, and antioxidant phenolics. These nut components synergize to favorably influence metabolic and vascular physiology pathways, ameliorate cardiovascular risk factors and improve cardiovascular prognosis. There is increasing evidence that nuts positively impact myriad other health outcomes as well. Nut consumption is correlated with lower cancer incidence and cancer mortality, and decreased all-cause mortality. Favorable effects on cognitive function and depression have also been reported. Randomized controlled trials consistently show nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect. Nut consumption also confers modest improvements on glycemic control, blood pressure (BP), endothelial function, and inflammation. Although nuts are energy-dense foods, they do not predispose to obesity, and in fact may even help in weight loss. Tree nuts and peanuts, but not peanut butter, generally produce similar positive effects on outcomes. First level evidence from the PREDIMED trial shows that, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, consumption of 30 g/d of nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts) significantly lowered the risk of a composite endpoint of major adverse cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease) by approximate to 30% after intervention for 5 y. Impressively, the nut-supplemented diet reduced stroke risk by 45%. As they are rich in salutary bioactive compounds and beneficially impact various health outcomes, nuts can be considered natural pleiotropic nutraceuticals.
Effect of inbreeding depression on survival of Austrian Brown Swiss calves and heifers; The aim of this study was to estimate inbreeding depression for juvenile mortality in Austrian Brown Swiss replacement heifers born in the years 2001 to 2007. After data editing, records of 69,571 animals were investigated. In total, the pedigree consisted of 203,894 animals. Mean and median inbreeding coefficients were 0.0514 and 0.0475, respectively. The following periods were defined for analyses of juvenile mortality: P1 = 48 h to 30 d, P2 = 31 to 180 d, P3 = 181 to the day before first calving or a maximum age of 1,200 d if no calving was reported, P4 = 48 h to the day before age at first calving or a maximum age of 1,200 d if no calving was reported. Mortality during the first 30 d of life was 3.2%; in the total rearing period, 9.3% of the heifers died (excluding slaughtered and exported animals). For the estimation of the effect of inbreeding and of genetic parameters a linear animal model with the random effects herd-year of birth and animal as well as the fixed effects year of birth-month of birth and dam parity, and the continuous effect of inbreeding coefficient (linear and quadratic) was applied. The model was reduced to the linear effect of inbreeding as the quadratic term was not found to have a significant effect. Inbreeding significantly affected all traits unfavorably. In the full rearing period (P4), heifer calves with an inbreeding coefficient of 0.10 had a 4.9% higher mortality rate than heifer calves with no inbreeding.
Review, meta-analysis and carcinogenic risk assessment of aflatoxin M1 in different types of milks in Iran; Reviews Despite in recent decades, several studies on the concentration of aflatoxins M1(AFM1) in various milks have been studied, as we know, no systematic review, meta-analysis and carcinogenic risk assessment study was conducted in Iran till now. Objectives In this study, a systematic review was conducted to collect, meta-analysis and carcinogenic risk assessment of the quantitative data regarding the prevalence and concentration of AFM1 in several types of milk produced in Iran. Content In our study, the concentration and prevalence of AFM1 in different types of milk (Raw, pasteurized, and UHT) from 113 original articles in Iran using searching the Web of Science, PubMed, Scopus, Science Direct and Google Scholar (in Persian and English) databases from 2002 to august 2021 were collected. The concentration of AFM1 was meta-analyzed using the random effect model (REM) based on type of milk (raw, pasteurized and UHT) subgroups and Monte Carlo simulation (MCS) approach was used to assess safety risks and investigate carcinogenic effects of AFM1 using Crystal-Ball software (Version 11.1.3, Oracle, Inc., USA). Summary and Outlook The 113 original article (In English and Persian) were included in this review. Meta-analysis indicated lower and upper of AFM1 in subgroups of raw, pasteurized and UHT milk in Iran was 9, 720, 2.7, 230.2, 19.23, and 221.6 ng/kg respectively. The Point estimate for carcinogenic risk of AFM1 showed as result of age increasing, the carcinogenic risk of Aflatoxin M 1 decreases and concentration of Aflatoxin M1 (ng/liter), plays the most effective role in carcinogenic risk of AFM1. Conclusion The presence of AFM1 in milk and its products due to its high toxicity and carcinogenic properties is a public health concern that the results show that the risk of carcinogenesis is higher at younger ages (less than 20 years). As a result, there is a strong association between consumption of raw milk, pasteurized milk and UHT and the risk of cancer in children and adults in Iran.
Effects of tulathromycin on incidence of various diseases and growth of young heifers; Objective-To determine the effects of administration of 1 dose of tulathromycin on the incidence of various diseases and growth, identify risk factors for slow growth, and determine the association of Mycoplasma bovis status with the incidence of otitis media in calves.
Combination photodynamic therapy using 5-fluorouracil and aminolevulinate enhances tumor-selective production of protoporphyrin IX and improves treatment efficacy of squamous skin cancers and precancers; In combination photodynamic therapy (cPDT), a small-molecule drug is used to modulate the physiological state of tumor cells prior to giving aminolevulinate (ALA; a precursor for protoporphyrin IX, PpIX). In our laboratory we have identified three agents (methotrexate, 5-fluorouracil, and vitamin D) that can enhance therapeutic effectiveness of ALA-based photodynamic therapy for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, only one (5-fluorouracil; 5-FU) is FDA-approved for skin cancer management. Here, we describe animal and human studies on 5-FU mechanisms of action, in terms of how 5-FU pretreatment leads to enhanced PpIX accumulation and improves selectivity of ALA-PDT treatment. In A431 subcutaneous tumors in mice, 5-FU changed expression of heme enzyme (upregulating coproporphyrinogen oxidase, and down-regulating ferrochelatase), inhibited tumor cell proliferation (Ki-67), enhanced differentiation (E-cadherin), and led to strong, tumor-selective increases in apoptosis. Interestingly, enhancement of apoptosis by 5-FU correlated strongly with an increased accumulation of p53 in tumor cells that persisted for 24 h post-PDT. In a clinical trial using a split-body, bilaterally controlled study design, human subjects with actinic keratoses (AK; preneoplastic precursors of SCC) were pretreated on one side of the face, scalp, or forearms with 5-FU cream for 6 days, while the control side received no 5-FU. On the seventh day, the levels of PpIX in 4 test lesions were measured by noninvasive fluorescence dosimetry, and then all lesions were treated with PDT using methyl-aminolevulinate (MAL) and red light (635 nm). Relative amounts of PpIX were found to be increased similar to 2-fold in 5-FU pretreated lesions relative to controls. At 3 months after PDT, the overall clinical response to PDT (reduction in lesion counts) was 2- to 3-fold better for the 5-FU pretreated lesions, a clinically important result. In summary, 5-FU is a useful adjuvant to aminolevulinate-based PDT for actinic keratoses of the skin.
Effects of lactose and yeast-dried milk on growth performance, fecal microbiota, and immune parameters of nursery pigs; An experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary lactose alone or in combination with a yeast-dried milk product (50% dried near-dated milk and 50% dried yeast) on growth performance, fecal microbiota, and immune status in nursery pigs (Sus scrofa). A total of 108 pigs (age, 20 +/- 1 d; initial BW, 6.07 +/- 0.03 kg) were randomly allotted to 18 pens (6 pigs/pen; 6 pens/treatment). Dietary treatments were: 1) control, 2) control + lactose, and 3) control + lactose + 5% yeast-dried milk. Except for the control diet, diets in Phase 1 (wk 1 and 2), 2 (wk 3 and 4), and 3 (wk 5) contained 20, 15, and 5% total lactose, respectively. Blood samples were collected from all pigs at d 0, 14, 28, and 35 to determine circulating IgG, IgA, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha concentrations. At d 0, 7, and 14, fecal samples were collected (n = 18; 6 pigs/treatment) to evaluate fecal microbiota using PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis. Compared with pigs fed the control diet, pigs fed lactose and lactose with yeast-dried milk had greater (P < 0.05) ADG and tended (P = 0.07) to have greater BW and ADFI during Phase 1. There were no differences for BW, ADG, or ADFI during Phase 2, 3, or the overall experimental period. A main effect of treatment was observed for circulating IgA where control pigs had greater (P < 0.01) IgA compared with pigs fed lactose with or without yeast-dried milk; however, no effects of treatment were observed (P > 0.10) for circulating IgG or TNF-alpha. No differences (P > 0.10) in microbial diversity indices were observed on d 7 or 14 among treatments. However, a shift in microbial composition was observed on d 7, with lactose-fed pigs having greater (P < 0.05) putative L. johnsonii staining intensity compared with control pigs and pigs fed lactose plus yeast-dried milk. On d 14, L. delbrueckii was eliminated (P < 0.04) by feeding lactose with or without yeast-dried milk. This research indicates that growth performance, immune status, and fecal microbiota are affected by dietary inclusion of lactose alone, or in combination with yeast-dried milk.
Sleep and health improvement programme (SHIP) for patients with prostate cancer and caregivers; ObjectiveThe objective of this study is to determine whether a sleep and health improvement programme (SHIP) to promote healthy sleep, eating and physical activity would be feasible, acceptable and have a positive impact on lifestyle behaviours for prostate cancer survivors and caregivers. MethodsWe recruited 50 participants for a single group 3-month pre-post pilot study. The SHIP intervention included (1) website about sleep, nutrition and physical activity (>= 1 view/week), (2) two email newsletters with goal-setting exercises and resources and (3) midpoint health coach call. The primary outcome was changes in validated sleep scales; secondary outcomes included changes in diet, physical activity and concentration from baseline to 3 months. ResultsOf 50 participants enrolled, median age was 65, 30% were Black and 8% were Hispanic. Thirty-four patients and 7 family caregivers completed the pilot study (82%). Following the intervention, we observed a statistically significant improvement in the Sleep Hygiene Index (pre: 15, post: 13, p < 0.01), and a trend toward lower Insomnia Severity Index (pre: 12, post: 9, p = 0.07). There were no statistically significant improvements in sleep quality or physical activity, but there were improvements in healthy eating (e.g., increase in cruciferous vegetables and reduction in dairy) and in fatigue-related problems and concentration. Exit interview feedback was positive. ConclusionsA web-based sleep and healthy lifestyle programme for patients with prostate cancer and their caregivers is feasible and acceptable. A randomized controlled trial is planned to test whether a refined SHIP improves sleep and lifestyle in patients with prostate cancer and caregivers.
Novel hyaluronan formulation for preventing acute skin reactions in breast during radiotherapy: a randomized clinical trial; Purpose We conducted a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical trial to investigate the use of a new proprietary hyaluronan (HA) formulation for the prevention of acute skin toxicity in breast cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy (RT). Methods Thirty women with breast cancer undergoing whole breast RT were enrolled. Each patient was randomly assigned to HA formulation (study cream, S) on the medial or lateral half of the irradiated breast and the control cream (placebo, P) on the other half. The primary endpoint was physician's evaluation of skin symptoms at week 5 during RT and week 2 post-RT. We also collected patients' independent assessment of skin after RT, patient's product preference, and an independent physician panel assessment of skin reactions based on photographs. Results Twenty-eight patients were evaluable. On physician's evaluation, there was no significant difference in radiation dermatitis between S and P and no overall preference to either cream at week 5 during or week 2 post-RT. More patients preferred S in evaluating skin appearance and skin reactions, but this did not reach statistical significance. Univariate analysis showed that physicians had an overall preference to the S cream at week 2 post-RT in patients with larger breasts. On the independent panel assessment, 3 reviewers saw no significant difference in radiation toxicity, whereas one reviewer reported better skin outcome with S cream at week 5. Conclusions We found a nonstatistically significant patient preference but overall no significant radioprotective effects for this HA formulation compared with placebo except in patients with larger breasts.
Immunization with a novel recombinant protein (YidR) reduced the risk of clinical mastitis caused by <i>Klebsiella</i> spp. and decreased milk losses and culling risk after <i>Escherichia coli</i> infections; The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the protective efficacy of a novel recombinant subunit vaccine containing the protein YidR (rYidR) against clinical mastitis (CM) caused by Klebsiella spp. and Escherichia coli. Given that E. coli infection is known to cause metritis, we also evaluated the effect of rYidR vaccination on the incidence of metritis and conception at the first artificial insemination. Retained placenta and abortion incidence, milk production and composition, and serological responses to specific antigens were also evaluated. In total, 3,107 cows were blocked by parity and randomly allocated into 1 of 3 treatment groups: experimental recombinant subunit vaccine containing the YidR protein (rYidR); commercial vaccine composed of Klebsiella pneumoniae siderophore receptors and porin protein (Kleb-SRP; KlebVax, Epitopix, Willmar, MN); and sterile water adjuvanted with aluminum hydroxide (20%; placebo). Vaccinations were performed at the dry-off for cows, and at 223 +/- 3 d of pregnancy for pre-fresh heifers. A second administration was given at 21 +/- 3 d after the first injection. Vaccination with rYidR significantly reduced the incidence of CM caused by Klebsiella spp. (3.2%) when compared with the placebo (5.1%) group. No difference was observed on risk of Klebsiella CM between Kleb-SRP (5.9%) and placebo groups. Cows in the rYidR group that experienced E. coli CM had a lower risk of death or culling (12.5%) compared with the Kleb-SRP (27.6%) and placebo groups (27.8%). Furthermore, among cows that developed E. coli CM, rYidR-immunized cows produced more milk than did cows in the placebo and Kleb-SRP groups. Regardless of CM occurrence, rYidR-immunized cows tended to have higher milk production up to the eighth month of lactation than cows in the other groups. No significant effect of treatment was observed on the overall incidence of abortion and metritis; however, the risk of retained placenta tended to be lower for the rYidR group (4.7%) compared with the placebo group (6.7%). In addition, primiparous cows in the rYidR group had the highest conception risk at the first artificial insemination (48.3%) compared with the placebo (39.5%) group, and no significant difference was observed when the Kleb-SRP (40.1%) group was compared with the placebo group. Generally, higher antibody serum titers (IgM and IgG) were observed for the immunized groups compared with the placebo. In conclusion, the rYidR vaccine reduced the risk of CM caused by Klebsiella spp. and the mortality or culling of cows with E. coli infections. Other benefits of the novel vaccine include maintenance of milk production after CM caused by E. coli, and higher conception risk at the first service in primiparous cows compared with cows in the placebo and Kleb-SRP groups.
Low dairy calcium intake is associated with overweight and elevated blood pressure in Polish adults, notably in premenopausal women; Objective: Dietary Ca is now being recognized to play an important role not only in skeletal integrity, but also in the regulation of energy and metabolism. The aim of the present study was to estimate the relationship of dairy Ca intake with BMI and blood pressure (BP) in a sample derived from the Polish population.
MODELS FOR GENETIC-ANALYSIS OF DYSTOCIA AND CALF MORTALITY; Calvings of 106,750 Israeli Holstein heifers were analyzed for dystocia and calf mortality, which were scored dichotomously. Models fitted included herd-year-season, sex of calf, calving age, calving month, sire of cow, sire of calf, and groups of sire of cow and calf. Herd-year-season, sire of cow and of calf, and residuals were random with diagonal variance-covariance matrices. Traits were analyzed with and without a herd-year-season effect, and dystocia was analyzed separately for male and  female calvings and with both sexes combined. Variance components were estimated by REML for linear models and by the counterpart of REML for threshsold models. Heritability estimates were two to four times larger in threshold than in linear models, but correlations between corresponding sire evaluation were all greater than .9. Correlations between evaluations computed with and without herd-year-season effects were 9. for sire of calf evaluations for dystocia and greater than .97 for all other evaluations. Correlations between sire evaluations computed separately for male and female calvings were betweent .3 and .7. Thus, calving difficulty is expressed differently in male and female calvings. Genetic trends were unfavorable for dystocia but favorable for calf mortality. Phenotypic trends were curvilinear with maxima in 1982 and 1983 for calf mortiality and dystocia.
Intake of <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> GG (LGG) fermented milk before drinking alcohol reduces acetaldehyde levels and duration of flushing in drinkers with wild-type and heterozygous mutant <i>ALDH2</i>: a randomized, blinded crossover controlled trial; Alcohol consumption leads to acetaldehyde accumulation, especially in people with mutant aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 gene (ALDH2). Novel strategies to promote acetaldehyde detoxification are required to prevent alcohol-related toxicity. Probiotic bacteria such as Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) were shown to have in vitro capacity to detoxify acetaldehyde. This randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled cross-over trial investigated the effect of LGG fermented milk in people with ALDH2 polymorphisms after moderate alcohol intake. Ten healthy wild-type and ten heterozygous mutant ALDH2 Thai men were block randomized into two groups. Each group consumed a different sequence of 150 mL fermented milk containing 10(8) CFU mL(-1) LGG and lactic-acidified milk (placebo), followed by five glasses of beer (0.4 g ethanol per kg body weight), with a one-week wash-out. Consuming LGG fermented milk before alcohol reduced areas under the response curves of blood and salivary acetaldehyde in wild-type and heterozygous mutant ALDH2 individuals (p < 0.05 and p < 0.01, respectively). Interestingly, participants with mutant ALDH2 responded better than wild-type participants for salivary acetaldehyde (90% vs. 70%, p < 0.001). Their durations of flushing were reduced when consuming LGG milk. Regardless of ALDH2 status, 10(5) CFU mL(-1) LGG was retained in saliva at least 3.5 h after milk consumption. In conclusion, intake of LGG fermented milk before drinking alcohol reduces blood and salivary acetaldehyde levels and duration of flushing in drinkers with wild-type and heterozygous mutant ALDH2. The addition of exogenous capacity to detoxify acetaldehyde using the probiotic product could be a potential strategy to promote the alleviation of exposure to reactive and carcinogenic acetaldehyde associated with alcohol drinking in individuals with defective ALDH2 enzyme.
Effects of dietary soluble or insoluble fiber intake in late gestation on litter performance, milk composition, immune function, and redox status of sows around parturition; The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary soluble fiber (SF) or insoluble fiber (ISF) intake in late gestation on litter performance, milk composition, immune function, and redox status of sows around parturition. A total of 60 Yorkshire sows were randomly assigned into three dietary treatments: normal level of dietary fiber (CON, 16.16% dietary fiber with 1.78% soluble fiber and 14.38% insoluble fiber), high insoluble fiber (ISF, 30.12% dietary fiber with 2.97% soluble fiber and 27.15% insoluble fiber), and high soluble fiber (SF, 30.15% dietary fiber with 4.57% soluble fiber and 25.58% insoluble fiber). Digestible energy and crude protein intake were comparable among treatments via adjusting feed intake from day 90 of gestation to parturition. After parturition, all sows were fed the same lactation diet. Results showed that litter performance of sows was not markedly affected by maternal fiber intake. However, sows fed ISF or SF diet had increased concentration of plasma mmunoglobulin G at day 107 (P < 0.05) and parturition (P < 0.01), and the SF diet had a tendency to increase fat content in both colostrum and milk relative to the CON diet. Furthermore, sows fed ISF diet had increased glutathione peroxidase activity (P < 0.05) at day 107, but decreased the plasma level of malondialdehyde at parturition (P < 0.05). High maternal SF intake tended to decrease the number of weaned piglets due to the increased preweaning mortality, as compared with sows fed the ISF diet. In conclusion, high fiber intake in late gestation may improve immune function and redox status, but differentially influenced the milk composition and preweaning mortality.
The Effect of <i>Bacillus licheniformis</i>-Fermented Products and Postpartum Dysgalactia Syndrome on Litter Performance Traits, Milk Composition, and Fecal Microbiota in Sows; Simple Summary
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications; Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood.
Barrier films or dressings for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer: a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background Barrier films or dressings were reported to be effective in preventing radiation dermatitis (RD) in breast cancer patients, but their comparative efficacy is unknown. Methods A systematic literature search was performed on Embase, MEDLINE and Cochrane CENTRAL Registry of Clinical Trials from inception to October 20, 2023. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing barrier films or dressings to the standard of care (SOC) or other interventions were included. We estimated summary odds ratios and mean differences using network meta-analysis with random effects. This study was registered with PROSPERO (ID: CRD42023475021). Results Fourteen RCTs met inclusion criteria. Six interventions were analysed: 3M (TM) Moisturizing Double Barrier Cream (MDBC), 3M (TM) No Sting Barrier Film (BF), Hydrofilm (R) (HF), Mepitel (R) Film (MF), Silver Leaf Nylon Dressing and StrataXRT (R). HF, MF and StrataXRT (R) reduced the incidence of moist desquamation compared to SOC (HF: OR = 0.08; p = 0.02; MF: OR = 0.31 p < 0.01; StrataXRT (R): OR = 0.22, p = 0.04). The ranking of agents from most to least effective in preventing moist desquamation according to P-scores was HF (92.5%), MF (78.5%), StrataXRT (R) (70.1%), BF (46.4%), Silver Leaf Nylon Dressing (24.9%), MDBC (22.9%) and SOC (14.7%). Only four RCTs on HF and MF included patient-reported outcome (PRO) assessments that allowed pooling for analysis. HF and MF were more effective in reducing pain, itchiness and burning sensation compared to SOC (p < 0.01 for all symptoms). Conclusion HF and MF were effective in preventing RD in breast cancer. Future RCTs should compare these interventions to effective cream preparations, such as topical corticosteroids.
INVESTIGATION OF THE LUTEOTROPIC ACTION OF 15-GLYCAL CLOPROSTENOL (GLYSTROPHAN INJ SPOFA) AND ITS RESIDUES IN THE MILK AND ORGANS OF CATTLE; The action of 15-glycal cloprostenol on isolated luteum tissue and on the corpus luteum was studied after administration in vivo. Residues of the product were determined in milk and tissues and the possibility of prevention of early embryonal mortality was experimentally verified. The tested substance was added at concentrations of 2, 5, 25 and 250 .mu.g per ml to the isolated luteal tissue in the culivation medium. In two hours, 200-286% of the progesterone, recorded in the control group, was  excreted into the medium with a supplement of 15-glycal cloprostenol; the largest amount was observed to be excreted in the group given 25 .mu.g per ml. This group had the largest number of cells and the highest nucleocytoplasmatic ratio after 24 h. In the corpus luteum of the cows killed the 5th day (9th day of the cycle) after administration of 0.5 mg of 15-glycal cloprostenol (Glystrophan inj. Spofa), the cell had a larger average area and the nucleoplasmatic ratio was higher than in the  control group. The residues were determined by RIA after i.m. administration of a dose of 0.5 mg pro toto. Eight hours after administration, the average values in the milk of cows in the experimental group did not differ from the natural background of the control group. Seventy-two hours after administration, the contents of residues in the muscle, liver and kidneys of the test animals were higher by less than 20 pg per g, compared with the residue levels in the natural background. No attempt  was made to see whether the residue was a metabolite or the substance administered. Values lower than in the control group were recorded in the 96th hour. The possibility of using the luteotropic action was tested in herds of cows with low pregnancy rates where embryonal mortality was assumed to be high. The tested substance was administered in the preparation Glystrophan inj. Spofa at a rate of 0.5 mg (2 ml) i.m. as a single treatmemnt the 4th-6th day after oestrus. The pregnancy rate of the  604 control cows was 43.5%, whereas in the 804 treated cows the pregnancy rate was 55.2%, with a high variability between the trials. The difference between the control and experimental groups was -4.4 .+-. 17.6%, the average being +11.7% in favor of the experimental groups.
Efficacy of Topical Alpha Ointment (Containing Natural Henna) Compared to Topical Hydrocortisone (1%) in the Healing of Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: This two-arm, randomized clinical study aimed to compare efficacy between topical Alpha ointment and topical hydrocortisone cream (1%) in the healing of radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients.
INSULIN-LIKE GROWTH-FACTORS AND THEIR BINDING-PROTEINS IN PLASMA AND MILK AFTER GROWTH HORMONE-STIMULATED GALACTOPOIESIS IN NORMALLY LACTATING WOMEN; We performed a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial of recombinant human growth hormone (hGH) in normally lactating women (N = 8 per group) to investgate the endocrine mode of action of the galactopoietic effect of this hormone. Insulin-like growth factors I (IGF-I) and II (IGF-II) and their binding proteins (IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP- 3) were measured by radioimmunoassay in plasma and milk samples collected throughout the study. All assays were validated for human plasma and milk. Human GH treatment (0.1 IU.kg-1 body wt.day-1 for 7 days) increased plasma concentrations of IGF-I from 22.1 +/- 1.3 nmol/l (mean +/- SEM) to 59.7 +/- 2.5 nmol/l (p<0.01).  At the end of the study the increase in plasma IGF-I correlated significantly with the increase in milk volume (r = 0.67. p < 0.005. N = 16). The IGF-I levels were considerably lower in milk, with 0.14 +/- 0.03 nmol/l before and 0.31 +/- 0.04 nmol/l after hGH treatment. The increase in milk IGF-I levels (134.0 +/- 14.5%) with hGH treatment was significant (p < 0.01) and plasma and milk IGF-I concentrations correlated significantly when considering all samples of the study (r = 0.45, p < 0.001, N = 56). The concentrations of IGF-II were not changed significantly with hGH treatment in plasma (52.5 +/- 2.5 nmol/l before and 42.6 +/- 3.9 nmol/l after treatment) or milk (2.1 +/- 0.29 nmol/l before and 2.3 +/- 0.49 nmol/l after hGH treatment). The IGFBP-1 levels were not changed with hGH treatment in plasma (approximately 1.3 nmol/l) or milk (approximately 0.2 nmol/l). Although IGFBP-2 concentrations in plasma were reduced significantly (p < 0.05) after hGH treatment (11.1 +/- 1.5 before and 8.4 +/- 0.9 nmol/l after hGH treatment), milk IGFBP-2 levels did not respond to hGH treatment. Milk levels were markedly higher (sevenfold) in comparison to plasma levels. Plasma IGFBP-3 showed a delayed and smaller rise with hGH treatment in comparison to the rise observed in IGF-1. However, at the end of the study the response (38.6 +/- 4.9%) to hGH was significant (p < 0.01) and a significant correlation was observed also between the increase in IGFBP-3 and the increase in milk volume (r = 0.55, p = 0.03, N = 16). Plasma IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations correlated significantly when considering- all samples of the study (r = 0.61, p < 0.001, N = 63). Milk IGFBP-3 levels were approximately 100-fold lower in comparison to plasma levels and did not correlate with any other measurements. Our data show that hGH-stimulated galactopoiesis in normally lactating women is mediated by significant elevations of plasma and milk IGF-I and plasma IGFBP-3. While IGF-I may be a principal mediator of the galactopoietic effect of hGH, we cannot simply attribute the action of hGH solely to a systemic rise in IGF-I. The increase in plasma IGFBP-3 with hGH treatment suggests that IGFBP-3 could facilitate the delivery of IGF-I to the mammary gland. The high concentrations of IGFBP-2 in milk suggest that mammary epithelial IGFBP-2 may direct regional tissue distribution of IGF-I to the site of milk synthesis.
Future directions for research on <i>Silybum marianum</i> for cancer patients; Silymarin (Silybum marianum [L.] Gaertn. [Asteraceae]) is a promising agent for cancer prevention, adjuvant cancer treatment, and reduction of iatrogenic toxicity. Although it is safe and free of serious adverse side effects, few studies have evaluated its use alongside conventional cytotoxic therapies, and adverse events associated with long-term administration are uncertain. Although it may prevent some types of cancer, its promotion of tissue regeneration and its potential estrogen activity could promote the growth of some tumors. Further clinical trials using authenticated fractions of silymarin as simple and complex derivatives are required prior to any general recommendations. Future research should focus on authentication of active chemicals, pharmacokinetics, adverse interactions and quality control, prevention of cancer initiation and progression, adjuvant therapy for specific cancers, and prevention of toxicity from anticancer therapies.
Genomic predictions of growth curves in Holstein dairy cattle based on parameter estimates from nonlinear models combined with different kernel functions; Availability of longitudinal body weight (BW) records allows the application of nonlinear models (NLINM) to predict phenotypic and genomic growth curves in dairy cattle. In this regard, we considered a data set including 31,722 BW records from 4,952 female Holstein cattle, during the period from birth (mo 0) to approximately age at first calving (mo 24). Parameters of the growth curves were estimated using 3 NLINM: the logistic (LOG), the Gompertz (GOM), and the Richards (RICH) functions. Residuals for the growth curve parameters from the NLINM applications were used as pseudo-phenotypes in the ongoing genomic analyses with different similarity matrices, including 2 genomic relationship matrices (G1 and G2), a combined pedigree and genomic relationship matrix (H), and 3 kernel matrices. The kernels were a weighted "alike by state" kernel function (K1), an exponential dissimilarity kernel (K2), and a Gaussian kernel (K3). On the basis of G1 and G2 matrices, genomic heritabilities for the growth curve parameters birth weight (W-0), mature weight (W-m), and growth rate (k), and the shape parameter (m; only available from RICH) were moderate to large, in the range from 0.29 (m from RICH) to 0.46 (k from RICH). Fitting the similarity matrices based on kernel functions contributed to an increase of the ratio of the variance explained by the similarity matrix in relation to the total variance (compared with the heritability when modeling G1 or G2). Genetic correlations between W-0, W-m, and k were always positive (>0.30), especially for the same growth curve parameters estimated from different NLINM (>0.90). The shape parameter m from RICH was negatively correlated with other growth curve parameters, from -0.29 to -0.95. In a next step, estimated genomic breeding values for growth curve parameters were input data for the respective NLINM, aiming to construct genomic growth curves. Prediction accuracies were correlations between genomic growth curves and genomic breeding values from random regression models for sires and female cattle. Considering all genotyped female cattle with pseudo-phenotypes, prediction accuracies were larger from RICH than from LOG and GOM. However, differences in prediction accuracies from the NLINM x similarity matrix combinations were quite small. Accordingly, in 5-fold cross-validations using heifer groups with masked phenotypes, very similar prediction accuracies across modeling approaches were identified. Especially for specific age months, genomic growth curve predictions were more accurate for sires than for female cattle, indicating that the relationships between animals in training and validation sets are more important than the selection of specific NLINM x similarity matrix combinations.
Behavioural dynamics of a clinical trial of sunscreens for reducing solar keratoses in Victoria, Australia; Objective-To determine whether the behaviour of participants based on perception of treatment group in a randomised trial contributed to clinical outcome.
Post-diagnosis dietary factors, supplement use and colorectal cancer prognosis: A Global Cancer Update Programme (CUP Global) systematic literature review and meta-analysis; The role of diet in colorectal cancer prognosis is not well understood and specific lifestyle recommendations are lacking. We searched for randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and longitudinal observational studies on post-diagnosis dietary factors, supplement use and colorectal cancer survival outcomes in PubMed and Embase from inception until 28th February 2022. Random-effects dose-response meta-analyses were conducted when at least three studies had sufficient information. The evidence was interpreted and graded by the CUP Global independent Expert Committee on Cancer Survivorship and Expert Panel. Five RCTs and 35 observational studies were included (30,242 cases, over 8700 all-cause and 2100 colorectal cancer deaths, 3700 progression, recurrence, or disease-free events). Meta-analyses, including 3-10 observational studies each, were conducted for: whole grains, nuts/peanuts, red and processed meat, dairy products, sugary drinks, artificially sweetened beverages, coffee, alcohol, dietary glycaemic load/index, insulin load/index, marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, supplemental calcium, circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) and all-cause mortality; for alcohol, supplemental calcium, circulating 25(OH)D and colorectal cancer-specific mortality; and for circulating 25(OH)D and recurrence/disease-free survival. The overall evidence was graded as 'limited'. The inverse associations between healthy dietary and/or lifestyle patterns (including diets that comprised plant-based foods), whole grains, total, caffeinated, or decaffeinated coffee and all-cause mortality and the positive associations between unhealthy dietary patterns, sugary drinks and all-cause mortality provided 'limited-suggestive' evidence. All other exposure-outcome associations provided 'limited-no conclusion' evidence. Additional, well-conducted cohort studies and carefully designed RCTs are needed to develop specific lifestyle recommendations for colorectal cancer survivors.
Probiotics to Prevent Respiratory Infections in Nursing Homes: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial; ObjectivesTo assess the feasibility of conducting a large clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotics to reduce influenza and other respiratory virus infections in residents of long-term and chronic care facilities (LTCFs).
Effects of intrauterine infusion of <i>Trueperella pyogenes</i> on endometrial mRNA expression of proinflammatory cytokines and luteolytic cascade genes and their association with luteal life span in dairy cows; Objectives were to determine the effects of intrauterine infusion (IUI) of Trueperella pyogenes on endometrial expression of proinflammatory cytokines and luteal life span. Holstein cows (n = 32) were allocated randomly, in two replicates (15 then 17 cows), to receive one of three treatments on Day 5 of the estrous cycle: TP (n = 13), IUI containing 10(9) colony-forming units/mL of T pyogenes; tumor necrosis factor (TNF; n = 9), IUI containing 1 mu g of TNF alpha; and control (n = 10), IUI of saline solution. Five cows per treatment had uterine biopsies collected at 6, 12, and 24 hours after treatment to evaluate the endometrial messenger RNA expression of TNF alpha (TNF), interleukin-1 beta (IL1B), IL6, IL8, prostaglandin E synthase (PGES), prostaglandin F synthase (PGFS), and oxytocin receptor (OXR), and histologic evidence of inflammation. Messenger RNA expression was measured using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. The remaining cows had ovaries scanned and blood collected for progesterone evaluation; however, only seven, four, and three cows in the TP, TNF, and control groups were used for comparison in replicate 2.The GLIMMIX procedure of SAS was used for statistical analysis. All TP and TNF cows had moderate to severe endometrial inflammation, whereas only one control had mild inflammation. Premature luteolysis occurred in three, one, and zero cows in the TP,TNF and control groups, respectively. Delayed luteolysis occurred in one TP and one TNF cow. Interleukin-16 expression was greater in the TP cows than in the TNF cows at 24 hours after IUI. Moreover, IL6 expression tended to be greater for the TP cows than for the control cows at 12 hours after IUI. Interleukin 8 expression was greater in the TP cows than in the control and TNF cows at 24 hours after IUI. Oxytocin receptor expression tended to be greater for the TP cows and was greater for the TNF cows than for the control cows at 12 hours. The messenger RNA expressions of TNF, PGES, and PGFS were not affected by treatment, time, or their interaction. In conclusion, IUI of Tpyogenes or TNF alpha led to histologic evidence of inflammation and early luteolysis in some cows, which may have been caused by increased endometrial expression of proinflammatory cytokines (i.e., IL1B, IL6), chemolcines (i.e., IL8), and luteolytic cascade factors (i.e., OXR). (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Early Administration of Vitamin D on Clinical Outcome in Critically Ill Sepsis Patients: Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial; Background: Administration of vitamin D to unselected heterogeneous critically ill patients did not demonstrate outcome benefit. The current study was undertaken to identify if early administration of vitamin D can reduce intensive care unit (ICU) length of stay and improve clinical outcomes in critically ill patients with sepsis. Methods:This single-center randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial was done in the ICU and emergency inpatient ward of a tertiary care teaching institute in New Delhi, India. A total of 126 adult patients aged 18 to 80 years of either sex diagnosed to have sepsis were included within 24 hours of admission to the hospital and randomized into vitamin D or placebo groups. The patients in the intervention group received vitamin D3 540,000 units dissolved in 45 mL of milk. The placebo group received 45 mL of milk. Results: The median length of ICU stay (8 vs 9 days; p = 0.32), median length of hospital stay (12 vs 12 days; p = 0.33), median duration of vasopressors requirement (4 vs 3 days;p = 0.84), median duration of mechanical ventilation (5 vs 7 days;p = 0.23), requirement of tracheostomy (34 vs 39%; p = 0.71), and 90-day mortality [35 vs 46%; p = 0.29; HR 0.72 (0.42-1.24)] were similar in vitamin D and placebo arm. A subgroup analysis in patients with severe vitamin D deficiency (vitamin D <12 ng/mL) revealed a significantly decreased incidence of tracheostomy (28 vs 57%; p = 0.04), a trend toward decreased 90-day mortality [34 vs 66%; p = 0.08; HR 0.44 (0.19-1.01)], and duration of mechanical ventilation (6 vs 11 days; p = 0.05) in patients receiving vitamin D. Conclusion: Administration of large-dose vitamin D within 24 hours of admission does not reduce the length of ICU stay in critically ill sepsis patients.
Effects of intrauterine infusion of <i>Escherichia coli</i> lipopolysaccharide on uterine mRNA gene expression and peripheral polymorphonuclear leukocytes in Jersey cows diagnosed with purulent vaginal discharge; The objectives of the current experiment were to investigate the effects of intrauterine treatment of cows with purulent vaginal discharge (PVD) using lipopolysaccharide (LPS) from Escherichia coli on uterine mRNA expression of genes related to inflammatory responses, peripheral polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMN) function, hematological parameters, and blood concentrations of cortisol, haptoglobin, and progesterone (P4). Jersey cows (n = 3,084) were examined for PVD at 35 6 d postpartum using the Metricheck device (Simcro, Hamilton, New Zealand). At examination, 310 cows had PVD (10.1%), but to ensure proper collection and processing of samples, 267 cows were used in this experiment. Cows were balanced for lactation number, body condition score, and milk yield, and randomly assigned to the control treatment [intrauterine infusion of 20 mL of phosphate-buffered saline (PBS); n = 87] or to receive intrauterine infusion of 20 mL of PBS containing 150 mu g (LPS150; n = 91) or 300 mu g (LPS300; n = 89) of E. coli LPS. Uteri were biopsied in a subgroup of cows at 6 h after infusion and in another subgroup of cows at 24 h after infusion. Peripheral PMN expression of adhesion molecules (L-selectin and MAC-1) and phagocytosis and oxidative burst were evaluated at 0, 2, and 6 h after infusion. Blood sampled 0, 2, 6, 24, 48, and 168 h after infusion was used for complete hemogram and to determine concentrations of cortisol, haptoglobin, and P4. Treatment did not affect uterine mRNA expression of adhesion molecules [endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule (E-selectin), intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1)], cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, and IL-10), and toll-like receptor-4. Treatment did not affect PMN expression of L-selectin, but intensity of expression of MAC-1 was higher for LPS150 cows than PBS cows, and tended to be higher in LPS150 than LPS300 cows. Furthermore, a greater percentage of PMN from LPS300 cows were positive for phagocytosis and oxidative burst compared with PBS and LPS150 cows. No effects were observed of treatment on hematological parameters and concentrations of cortisol, haptoglobin, and P4. These observations suggest that intrauterine infusion of E. coli LPS moderately stimulates peripheral PMN function, but further research is needed to better understand the immunomodulatory effects of LPS in the uterus of cows with PVD.
Meta-analysis of the association between nut consumption and the risks of cancer incidence and cancer-specific mortalicy; Previous studies have indicated a correlation between nut intake and cancer risk in humans. This meta-analysis aimed to determine the relationship between nut consumption and the risks of cancer incidence and mortality. The PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases were searched up to August 2019. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals were calculated using random-effects and fixed-effects models. We included 38 studies on nut consumption and cancer risk and 9 studies on cancer-specific mortality. Compared with no nut intake, nut intake was associated with a lower cancer risk (Relative Risk=0.90; 95% confidence interval, 0.86-0.94). Inverse associations were observed with colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, and lung cancer in subgroup analyses. Tree nut consumption was found to reduce cancer risk (Relative Risk=0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.79-0.99). Dose-response curves suggested that protective benefits against cancer increased with increased nut intake (P=0.005, P-nonlinearity=0.0414). An inverse correlation with cancer-specific mortality (Odd Ratio=0.90; 95% confidence interval, 0.88-0.92) was observed. In conclusion, nut consumption is inversely associated with the risks of cancer incidence and mortality; a higher intake is significantly associated with a lower cancer risk.
Randomized Controlled Trial of Exercise and Nutrition Supplementation on Physical and Cognitive Function in Older Chinese Adults Aged 50 Years and Older; Objectives: To assess whether a 24-week multidomain lifestyle intervention including a nutritional milk supplement and an exercise program had any effect on physical and cognitive function, self-rated health, and health-related quality of life in older Chinese adults.
Melanoma In Situ Treated Successfully Using Imiquimod After Nonclearance with Surgery: Review of the Literature; Background The standard of care for melanoma in situ (MIS) is surgical removal by surgical excision with a 5-mm margin or Mohs micrographic surgery, but as more and more MIS is diagnosed in the head and neck region, surgeries may not be an option for patients when the lesions are large or less well defined. In addition, when negative margins cannot be achieved without grossly disfiguring the patient or when patients have medical comorbidities that preclude a surgical option, other treatment modalities may be considered. Recently, topical treatment with an immunomodulator, imiquimod, has been proposed as an alternative treatment for MIS. Objective We report a case of MIS successfully treated with topical imiquimod cream. In addition, because there has not been any comprehensive review of the use of topical imiquimod on melanoma and MIS, we conducted an extensive literature search and reviewed the topic in detail. Materials and Methods Using the keywords imiquimod, melanoma, melanoma-in-situ, and lentigo maligna, we searched the literature using PubMed in an attempt to find all relevant articles on the use of imiquimod on MIS or melanoma. Results There were 46 reports involving 264 patients on the use of imiquimod on MIS or lentigo maligna. Twenty-three reports were published on the use of imiquimod on metastatic melanoma involving 55 patients, and two articles were on melanoma, with two patients in total. In addition, there were two articles on the use of imiquimod on dysplastic or atypical nevi with a total of 13 subjects. Conclusion Imiquimod appears to be beneficial in the treatment of MIS and melanoma metastases when surgical options are not feasible. Imiquimod should not be used for removal of dysplastic or atypical nevi. The treatment regimens varied from study to study, and there are no randomized controlled trials in the literature. More studies are needed to develop a reliable and reproducible treatment regimen, to fully elucidate the role of imiquimod in the treatment of MIS and melanoma, and to determine the prognostic predictors for favorable responses to imiquimod.
Identification of cow-level risk factors and associations of selected blood macro-minerals at parturition with dystocia and stillbirth in Holstein dairy cows; A deeper understanding of the risk factors for dystocia and stillbirth could help farmers make decisions about dairy cow management. The objectives of this study were to investigate cow-level risk factors associated with dystocia and stillbirth in a relatively large sample of dairy cows using multivariable linear regression models. The data consisted of 51,405 calving records of 14,546 Holstein cows from 3 dairy herds in Isfahan Province, Iran, collected between April 2011 and September 2017. To investigate the association between selected blood macro-minerals and the incidence of dystocia and stillbirth, blood samples were collected at the time of parturition from a random subset of these cows, which included 1311 animals. The incidence of dystocia and stillbirths averaged 14.7% and 4.3%, respectively. Results showed that calving year, calving season, dry period length, BCS, parity, calf sex, calf birth weight, twin status, and stillbirth were significantly associated with the incidence of dystocia. According to the Random Forest (RF) classifier, we found that dry period length, calf birth weight, and parity were the most important cow-level risk factors for the incidence of dystocia. Calving year, calving season, parity, twin status, dry period length, calf birth weight, calf sex, and dystocia were significantly associated with the incidence of stillbirths. The most important risk factors identified by the RF classifier for stillbirths were twin status, parity, dry period length, and calf birth weight. Also, interactions between the cow-level risk factors associated with dystocia and stillbirth were identified. The incidence of dystocia was associated with the interactions of twin status x calf birth weight and twin status x stillbirth. According to our analysis, the incidence of stillbirth is caused by interactions among several factors, such as twin status x length of dry period, twin status x calving season, and twin status x parity. The highest incidence of dystocia (21.3%) and stillbirths (5.4%) was observed in hypo-calcemic cows. In conclusion, twin status seems to be a determining factor for the incidence of stillbirths but not for dystocia. Finally, the results of this study may help the dairy industry make management decisions aimed at reducing dystocia and stillbirth rates.
Effect of Low-Energy-Dense Diet Rich in Multiple Functional Foods on Weight-Loss Maintenance, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: There are no investigations regarding the effects of consuming low-energy-dense diets rich in multiple functional foods on weight-loss maintenance, inflammatory markers, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors simultaneously.Method: This randomized controlled trial design was conducted on 90 men and women who were under a previous weight loss diet. Three months of intervention with recruitment at Allzahra Hospital, Isfahan, Iran, was done. Intervention was conducted following achieving 7-11kg weight loss. Participants were encouraged to consumed these three: an isocaloric control diet (50% of energy from carbohydrate, 35% from fat, 15% from protein), a low-glycemic-index diet (LE) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein), and a low-glycemic-index diet rich in multiple functional foods (LE + FF) (60% from carbohydrate, 25% from fat, and 15% from protein). Fasting blood glucose, serum insulin level, lipid profiles, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and anthropometric measurements were assessed using standard guidelines.Results: The percent changes of weight, waist, and body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure, malondialdehyde (MDA), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor (TNF) , total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglyceride, and fasting blood glucose (FBS) were substantially more decreased in the LE + FF group compared to the LE and control groups (p 0.03). Percent change of adiponectin among the LE + FF group was significantly more enhanced (7.29 0.10) compared with the LE group (1.28 +/- 0.20) (p = 0.001). Significantly more increment in the percent change of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (6.91 +/- 0.10) was obtained among the LE + FF group compared to the LE group (1.79 +/- 0.04).Conclusions: This study provides established evidence supporting the beneficial effects of a low-energy-dense diet rich in multiple functional foods diet on improving weight-loss maintenance, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors.
THE EFFECTS OF ENERGY-INTAKE DURING PREGNANCY IN DOE RABBITS ON PUP BIRTH-WEIGHT, MILK OUTPUT AND MATERNAL BODY-COMPOSITION CHANGE IN THE ENSUING LACTATION; A study was made in rabbits on the effects of energy intake during pregnancy on pup birth weight and survival, and on doe body composition and milk output in the ensuing lactation. In addition the experiment examined the effects of varying crude-protein intakes during lactation on the rate of fat loss of does and the resultant energetic eficiency of milk production. Forty-seven multiparous cross-bred does were used. They were offered one of two diets in pregnancy, either diet HE (14.8 MJ digestible energy (DE)/kg D.M.) to appetite or diet LE (12.9 MJ DE/kg D.M.) at maintenance levels. After parturition seven does on each treatment were slaughtered and their body composition analysed (control groups). In lactation the remaining does were evenly allocated to receive either diet LE (195 g crude protein (CP)/kg D.M.) or diet HP (240 g CP/kg D.M.) to appetite. Litter sizes were standardized to six pups and litter growth rates were used as an indirect estimate of milk production. Does were then killed, at random, on day 9 or day 18 of lactation to give an estimate of changes in body composition as lactation progressed. Does offered diet HE during pregnancy had higher carcass fat levels at parturition than their counterparts offered diet LE (496 cf. 370 g/kg carcass D.M. respectively). Litter size was unaffected by dietary treatment during pregnancy but litter weights at birth were significantly greater in HE does (442 cf. 398 g respectively). Pup mortality at birth, however, was also much higher in these animals (28 cf. 9% respectively). Voluntary food intake in early lactation (day 1-9) was depressed by feeding diet HE during pregnancy. Milk composition was affected by pregnancy diet, with does offered diet HE producing milk containing significantly higher fat levels (HE 123 g fat/kg milk cf. LE 105 g fat/kg milk). Doe carcass composition changes revealed that fat was usually mobilized in early lactation and gained as lactation progressed independent of  dietary treatment. The protein content of the fat-free dry matter appeared to be relatively unaffected by the dietary treatments imposed. The data were used to derive an estimate of the partial efficiency of dietary energy utilizaion (k) for milk output and maternal tissue gain. The line of best fit was described by the equation ER = 0.65 (.+-. 0.17) MEI-1.25, where ER = milk energy output + carcass energy change and MEI = metabolizable energy intake in MJ.
Prevalence and calf-level risk factors for failure of passive transfer in dairy calves in New Zealand; AIM: To determine the prevalence of failure of passive transfer (FPT) in dairy calves in New Zealand and to assess a range of potential calf-level risk factors for their association with FPT.
