Effect of plant sterols in reducing plasma cholesterol: crossover double-blind randomized clinical trial; Introduction: Hypercholesterolemia is one of the most relevant risk factors in cardiovascular disease, and plant sterols have been postulated as beneficial regulator agents for the control of the disease.
Serum lipid responses to phytosterol-enriched milk in a moderate hypercholesterolemic population is not affected by apolipoprotein E polymorphism or diameter of low-density lipoprotein particles; Background/Objectives: The importance of both low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc) size and the apolipoprotein E (Apo E) in the atherogenic process is known, but there is little information with regard to the effect of phytosterols (PS) on these parameters. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of PS on lipid profile and LDLc size according to Apo E genotype.
Performance of glycated albumin as a biomarker of hyperglycemia in pregnancy: Results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004; Aim: We sought to evaluate the performance of glycated albumin (GA) as a measure of hyperglycemia in pregnant women.Methods: We used data from 555 pregnant women aged 20-40 years who participated in NHANES 1999-2004 and did not report a pre-pregnancy diagnosis of diabetes. We used Pearson's correlations and evaluated the area under the curve (AUC) for GA to detect elevated concentrations of random glucose, HbA1c, or fasting glucose (subset). We compared results to 1607 nonpregnant women aged 20-40 without diabetes.Results: In pregnant women, 1.9 % had HbA1c >= 39 mmol/mol (>= 5.7 %), 9.1 % had random glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L (>= 95 mg/dL), and 10.7 % had fasting glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L. In pregnancy, GA was poorly correlated with HbA1c (r = 0.08) and random glucose (r = 0.17). BMI was positively associated with HbA1c (r = 0.33) and random glucose (r = 0.25) but was inversely associated with GA (r =-0.27). GA had poor discrimination for detecting hyperglycemia in pregnant women, defined as HbA1c >= 39 mmol/mol (AUC = 0.634) or random glucose >= 5.3 mmol/L (AUC = 0.628). Similar patterns were observed among nonpregnant women.Conclusions: GA is not a sensitive test to screen for hyperglycemia in pregnancy. GA was inversely associated with adiposity in pregnant women without diabetes. Pregnancy-related weight gain may complicate interpretation of repeated GA measurements.
Bioavailability of plant sterol-enriched milk-based fruit beverages: <i>In vivo</i> and <i>in vitro</i> studies; This study for the first time compares the in vivo (response in serum from individuals of an interventional study) and in vitro effects (bioaccessibility determined from simulated gastrointestinal digestion) of two plant sterol (PS)-enriched milk-based fruit beverages (with and without tangerine fruit juice rich in beta-cryptoxanthin (beta-Cx)) in order to assess their suitability as PS-enriched food matrixes, and the possible interactions between the two bioactive compounds (beta-Cx and PS) that might affect their absorption. The randomized, double-blind, crossover study (performed in 36 postmenopausal women) showed the p-sitosterol and campesterol serum concentrations after four weeks of consumption of the beverages (1.5 g PS/day) to increase significantly (ranging 1.6-2.4 mu g/mL and 0.3-0.4 mu g/mL, respectively), thereby confirming suitability as matrices for PS-enrichment. The results therefore indicated similar behavior of PS supplied by these beverages and evaluated through in vitro or in vivo assays, independently of whether the samples contained beta-Cx or not. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF DIETARY FATS FROM ANIMAL AND PLANT SOURCES ON DIET-INDUCED FATTY STREAK LESIONS IN C57BL/6J MICE; This study was designed to determine the effects of a variety of naturally Occurring saturated fats on aortic lesion formation in C57BL/6J mice that are susceptible to diet-induced fatty streak lesions. Groups of female mice were randomly assigned to one of seven treatment groups and were fed diets containing 15% (w/w) hydrogenated coconut oil, hydrogenated soy oil, hydrogenated palm oil, cocoa butter, lard, tallow, or dairy butter, 1% cholesterol, and 0.5% cholic acid. Plasma lipid levels were measured to determine whether lesion formation was related to specific changes in these parameters. Lesions, which were observed in all groups of mice, ranged from 420 to 3220 mum2/aortic cross section. Lesion area was positively correlated to the percentage of saturated fatty acids contained in the fat sources and the ratio of combined VLDL plus LDL-cholesterol to HDL-cholesterol and inversely correlated to monounsaturated fatty acids content and to HDL-cholesterol levels.  Results from this study demonstrate that inbred mice may provide a good model for dissecting the genetic basis for the differential atherogenic responses to diet-induction and for studying the effects of dietary factors on aortic lesion development.
A positive impact on the serum lipid profile and cytokines after the consumption of a plant sterol-enriched beverage with a milk fat globule membrane: a clinical study; The hypocholesterolemic effect and the modification of serum biomarkers of a dietary plant sterol (PS) intake, cholesterol precursors and cytokines after the consumption of milk-based fruit beverages with a milk fat globule membrane were evaluated by a randomized, double-blind, crossover, multiple dose bioavailability study. Postmenopausal women (n = 38) consumed daily 250 mL of a beverage with or without 2 g of PS added during 6 weeks in each of the study periods. With the intake of the PS-added beverage, significant decreases (mg dL(-1)) in serum total cholesterol (pre-treatment: 220.0 +/- 27.8 vs. post-treatment: 212.9 +/- 25.8; p < 0.05) and LDL-cholesterol (129.4 +/- 28.5 vs. 121.7 +/- 24.4; p < 0.05) were detected. The cholesterol precursor lathosterol (11.2%), markers of the dietary PS intake (campesterol 43.1% and -sitosterol 32.5%), and anti-inflammatory IL-10 cytokine (22.5%) increased significantly, with a concomitant significant reduction in pro-inflammatory IL-1 (6.7%). No variations in HDL-cholesterol, other sterols (desmosterol and stigmasterol) or cytokines (IL-6, IL-8, IL-12p70 and TNF-) were detected. These results indicated that this kind of PS-enriched milk-based fruit beverage is suitable during the period of clinical intervention, and its consumption may be an adequate way to improve PS functionality since a significant reduction in cholesterol levels has been observed. Therefore, the intake of this beverage could contribute to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease also obtaining a beneficial effect on the serum inflammatory status in postmenopausal women.
The impacts of dietary sphingomyelin supplementation on metabolic parameters of healthy adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Studies have shown that sphingomyelin (SM) and its metabolites play signaling roles in the regulation of human health. Endogenous SM is involved in metabolic syndrome (MetS), while dietary SM supplementation may maintain lipid metabolism and prevent or alleviate MetS. Therefore, we hypothesized that dietary SM supplementation is beneficial for human health. Aims: In order to examine the impacts of dietary SM on metabolic indexes in adults without MetS, we performed a meta-analysis to test our hypothesis. Methods A comprehensive search was performed to retrieve randomized controlled trials that were conducted between 2003 and 2023 to examine the effects of dietary SM supplementation on metabolic parameters in the Cochrane Library, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases. RevMan 5.4 and Stata 14.0 software were used for meta-analysis, a sensitivity analysis, the risk of bias, and the overall quality of the resulted evidence. Results: Eventually, 10 articles were included in this meta-analysis. Dietary SM supplementation did not affect the endline blood SM level. When compared to the control, SM supplementation reduced the blood total cholesterol level [MD: -12.97, 95% CI: (-14.57, -11.38), p < 0.00001], low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level [MD: -6.62, 95% CI: (-10.74, -2.49), p = 0.002], and diastolic blood pressure [MD: -3.31; 95% CI (-4.03, -2.58), p < 0.00001] in adults without MetS. The supplementation also increased high-density lipoprotein level [MD:1.41, 95% CI: (0.94, 1.88), p < 0.00001] and muscle fiber conduction velocity [MD: 95% 1.21 CI (0.53, 1.88), p = 0.0005]. The intake of SM had no effect on the blood phospholipids and lyso-phosphatidylcholine, but slightly decreased phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine, and phosphatidylinositol concentrations. Dietary SM supplementation reduced insulin level [MD: -0.63; 95% CI (-0.96, -0.31), p = 0.0001] and HOMA-IR [MD: -0.23; 95% CI (-0.31, -0.16), p < 0.00001] without affecting blood levels of glucose and inflammatory cytokines. Conclusion: Overall, dietary SM supplementation had a protective effect on blood lipid profiles and insulin level, but had limited impacts on other metabolic parameters in adults without MetS. More clinical trials and basic research are required. Systematic review registration PROSPERO, identifier CRD42023438460.
Influence of stearic acid on postprandial lipemia and hemostatic function; It has been suggested that fats rich in stearic acid may result in exaggerated postprandial lipemia and have adverse effects on hemostatic function. The effects of test meals containing different saturated and monounsaturated FA were compared in healthy subjects in a series of studies to investigate this hypothesis. Stearic acid, when present as cocoa butter, resulted in similar postprandial lipemia and factor VII activation compared with a meal containing high-oleic sunflower oil. Stearic acid when presented as shea butter or as randomized stearate-rich TAG resulted in decreased postprandial lipemia and decreased postprandial activation of factor VII. Stearic acid-rich test meals did not result in impaired fibrinolytic activity compared with either a low-fat meal or a meal high in oleate. The difference in responses between the different stearic acid-rich fats appears to be due to varying solid fat contents of the fats at 37 degrees C.
Effects of Topical Atorvastatin (2%) on Posthemorrhoidectomy Pain and Wound Healing: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Atorvastatin is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG CoA) reductase inhibitor widely used in treatment of hypercholesterolemia and prevention of coronary heart disease and has various pleiotropic effects. In this study, the efficacy of atorvastatin emulgel (2 %) in reducing postoperative pain at rest, pain during defecation and analgesic requirement after open hemorrhoidectomy was investigated.
Dynamics of Fat Absorption and Effect of Sham Feeding on Postprandial Lipema; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Given the importance of postprandial hyperlipidemia to increase risk for atherosclerosis, in the present study, stable isotope-labeled meals were fed to healthy subjects (7 males and 3 females) to investigate the kinetics chylomicron synthesis and the effect of sensory exposure to lipid on metabolism. METHODS: Subjects performed two, 24-hour inpatient studies that entailed consumption of a liquid formula evening meal containing 30 g of oil (+ C-13(2) triolein) on day 1. Breakfast (day 2) consisted of triacylglycerols (TAGs) fed as capsules (30 g oil + C-13(7) triolein) to avoid activation of mouth taste receptors. Next, modified sham feeding of cream cheese occurred over 2 hours. In the 2 trials, the stimulus was either higher fat (HF) or lower fat (LF) cream cheese. A liquid meal was consumed at lunch. Blood sampling occurred intermittently, and chylomicron particles S-f > 400 TAGs were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: C-13(2)-Label was found in fasting-state lipoproteins, and persons with higher body fat percentages showed greater dilution of meal TAGs from endogenous sources. For both trials, 13% +/- 4% of lipoprotein TAGs oleic acid was derived from the previous evening meal. Incremental area under the curve for TAGs during HF was similar to 2.5 times higher than after LF exposure (46 +/- 15 vs 17 +/- 5 mu mol/L/h; P = .04). The greater HF morning lipemia occurred with elevated glucose, insulin, and nonesterified fatty acids peak after lunch. CONCLUSIONS: These data support a connection between enteral lipid metabolism and oral fat exposure, resulting in elevated postprandial lipemia. The results suggest that the intestine may participate in a mechanism coordinating oral fat signaling with control of subsequent macronutrient disposal in the body.
Lack of an Effect of High Dose Isoflavones in Men With Prostate Cancer Undergoing Androgen Deprivation Therapy; Purpose: The profound hypogonadism due to androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer results in complications such as sexual dysfunction, poor quality of life, vasomotor symptoms and altered cognition. Since estrogen is associated with cardiovascular risks, phytoestrogens are being increasingly evaluated as a potential treatment for these adverse effects. We evaluated the effects of high dose isoflavones, equivalent to that consumed by Asian populations, on the aforementioned consequences of androgen deprivation therapy.
Investigation of dose-dependent effects of fat on blood glucose, serum insulin, and appetite sensation; Humans have a high preference for fat, and its excessive intake leads to obesity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dose-dependent fat intake on biological responses and postprandial appetite sensation in healthy adult subjects. Age and body mass index were 29 +/- 1 years and 21.1 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2), respectively. We conducted a randomized, crossover trial and measured laboratory data and appetite sensation via the visual analog scale. Each participant was provided with four different test meals. They consisted of common, basic foods and contained 75g liquid glucose and 4 slices of crackers to which 0 g butter (control), 10 g butter (B10), 20 g butter (B20), and 40 g butter (B40) were added, respectively. The results indicated that single ingestion of butter did not influence laboratory values of glucose, insulin, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP), total bile acids, or high-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP). Regarding postprandial appetite sensation, appetite ratings for fullness were the highest after the B40 meal (p < 0.05); however, satisfaction ratings were not significantly different after the ingestion of this meal. Ratings were significantly different after the B20 meal. In conclusion, healthy adult subjects experienced fullness and satisfaction after ingesting 20-40 g of butter.
Short-term effects of recombinant human growth hormone and feeding on gluconeogenesis in humans; After a short-term fast, lactating women have increased rates of glucose production but not gluconeogenesis (GNG) despite relative hypoinsulinemia. We explored the effects of non-insulin-dependent increase in glucose utilization and recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) on glucose production, glycogenolysis, and GNG in both the fed and overnight-fasted condition. Six controls and 7 lactating women were studied twice, in random order, after 7 days of saline or rhGH. Glucose kinetics and GNG were measured using [U-C-13]glucose mass isotopomer distribution analysis. The rhGH increased milk production in the lactating women and insulin-like growth factor (IGF) in both groups. Glycogenolysis and GNG were higher in fasting lactating women than controls after either saline or rhGH (P<.05). After rhGH administration, GNG remained higher (P<.02) in the lactating women than controls. Gluconeogenesis was not suppressed in either group during 5 hours of continuous meal ingestion, despite a 5-fold increase in plasma insulin. Lactating women had similar glucose but lower insulin and C-peptide concentrations than controls after both rhGH and saline treatment (P<.01), although rhGH decreased (P<.01) insulin sensitivity in both groups (P<.05). Gluconeogenesis is not affected by short-term increases in insulin and/or rhGH, which suggests a fundamental rethinking of the role of insulin in acutely regulating GNG. (C) 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consumption of a new developed synbiotic yogurt improves oxidative stress status in adults with metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Association between metabolic syndrome (MetS) and oxidative stress has been shown in numerous studies. It has been shown that probiotics could be the effective treatment strategy in improving oxidative stress. This study aimed to determine the effects of a new developed synbiotic yogurt on oxidative stress status in adults with MetS. Forty-four individuals were assigned into two groups and given 300 g of synbiotic yogurt containing Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus pentosus, and Chloromyces marcosianos yeast or regular yogurt for 12 weeks in this randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial. Before and after the intervention, biochemical parameters were assessed. Daily consumption of synbiotic yogurt in adults with MetS showed a statistically significant improvement in the level of glutathione peroxidase (p = 0.01) and total oxidant status (p = 0.006) compared to the regular yogurt. Total Antioxidant Capacity and superoxide dismutase levels increased significantly (p = 0.002 and p = 0.02, respectively) in the intervention group compared to the baseline levels. In adults with MetS, daily consumption of the synbiotic yogurt containing native strains of Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus pentosus, and Chloromyces marcosianos yeast for 12 weeks was associated with improvements in oxidative stress status.Trial registration number: Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT20220426054667N1) (18/05/2022)
Effect of soy products and isoflavones on oxidative stress parameters: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Soy products and isoflavones intake have been shown to exert antioxidant effects. There are several randomized control trials (RCTs) that evaluated the effect of soy products intake on oxidative stress (OS) parameters. The aim of the present systematic review and meta-analysis was to summarize the results of RCTs evaluating the effect of soy products and isoflavones intake on OS parameters. Randomized trials that assessed the effect of soy products and isoflavones intake on OS parameters in adults were identified through searching in electronic databases: Cochrane clinical trial center, Embase, PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Sciences up to April 2020. Random effects model was used to calculate the effects sizes of soy intake on OS parameters.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms at the <i>ADIPOQ</i> gene locus interact with age and dietary intake of fat to determine serum adiponectin in subjects at risk of the metabolic syndrome; Background: Adiponectin gene expression is modulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, which is a transcription factor activated by unsaturated fatty acids.
The effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are a significant and growing burden on global health services, and it is now accepted that impairment of vascular function represents a major preliminary step in the development of CVD. There is considerable interest in identifying both causal factors of impaired vascular function, as well as related nutritional factors that may lower the risk of developing CVD, and food-derived bioactive peptides and amino acids have emerged as one such area. Dairy foods contain two groups of proteins, whey proteins and caseins, which represent a rich source of bioactive peptides that are released during food processing and/or digestion. These peptides have a number of physiological activities including the potential to reduce blood pressure. Research, including acute and longer-term randomised controlled trials, animal models and in vitro models has demonstrated the potential impact of dairy proteins on vascular function. The purpose of this paper is to narratively review the evidence, primarily from randomised controlled trials, examining the effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function and related issues including blood pressure. In addition, it will explore the potential underlying mechanisms responsible for these effects. It concludes that there is increasing evidence that whey proteins, and notably the bioactive peptides and amino acids released during their digestion, can have beneficial effects on aspects of vascular function and thus contribute to CVD risk reduction. It also highlights a number of beneficial effects of whey proteins including those on blood pressure, arterial stiffness, nitric oxide production and inflammation.
The effect of a combination of plant sterol-enriched foods in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background & aims: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-fat products enriched with plant sterols in addition to a National Cholesterol Education Program step 1 diet on serum lipids and lipoproteins.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases triglyceride concentrations in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized placebo-controlled trial; Malleable protein matrix (MPM) is a unique whey-derived ingredient obtained through a fermentation process using proprietary lactic acid bacteria strains from the Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens species. Because evidence from animal models suggests that MPM decreases serum lipid concentrations, the purpose of the present trial was to assess the hypothesis that MPM exerts lipid-lowering effects in humans. A total of 161 subjects (50% male; age 54.5 +/- 9.8 yr, body mass index 26.3 +/- 3.6 kg/m(2)) with hypercholesterolemia with baseline low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels of 181 +/- 30 mg/dL and normal triglyceride (TG) levels (131 +/- 55 mg/dL) were randomized to receive MPM (2 x 15 01) or matching placebo. A 6-wk run-in phase was followed by a double-blind 12-wk treatment phase after randomization. The data were analyzed on an intention-to-treat basis. The primary outcome measure was the percentage change of LDL-C. The secondary outcome measures were changes in TG and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration well as changes in other cardiovascular risk factors. After 12 wk of treatment, the relative TG decrease from baseline reached 9.8%, whereas LDL-C was slightly decreased (by 1.5%) following MPM treatment compared with placebo in the intention-to-treat cohort. The treatment effect on TG reduction was much higher in the subset of subjects having TG levels at baseline of 150 mg/dL or above (n = 42), reaching 20.0% compared with placebo. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, blood pressure, and fasting blood glucose remained unchanged, whereas a positive treatment effect was seen on hemoglobin A(1c). The MPM product was tolerated well without severe adverse events. In conclusion, MPM has significant TG-lowering properties in subjects with combined hypercholesterolemia and higher TG levels. Its effects on LDL-C concentrations and glucose metabolism deserve further investigation.
Prior Exercise Does Not Reduce Postprandial Lipemia Following a Mixed Glucose Meal When Compared with a Mixed Fructose Meal; This study examined the effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipemia (PPL) concentration following a mixed meal (MM) made with either glucose or fructose. Sedentary women completed four trials in random order: 1) Rest-Fructose: RF, 2) Rest-Glucose: RG, 3) Exercise-Fructose: EF, 4) Exercise-Glucose: EG. Exercise expended 500 kcal while walking at 70%VO2max. Rest was 60 min of sitting. The morning after each trial, a fasting (12 hr) blood sample was collected followed by consumption of the MM. The MM was blended with whole milk and ice cream plus a glucose or fructose powder. Glucose and fructose powder accounted for 30% of the total kcal within the MM. Blood was collected periodically for 6 hr post-MM and analyzed for PPL. Magnitude of PPL over the 6 hr postmeal was quantified using the triglyceride incremental area under the curve (TG AUC(I)). Significant differences (p < .05) between trials were determined using repeated-measures ANOVA and Bonferroni post hoc test. There was no significant difference in the TG AUCI between the four trials (p > .05). A significant trial by time interaction for TG concentration was reported (p <.05). Despite lack of change in the AUCI with prior exercise, the lower TG concentration at multiple time points in the EG trial does indicate that prior exercise has some desirable effect on PPL. This study suggests that replacing fructose with glucose sugars and incorporating exercise may minimize PPL following a mixed meal but exercise will need to elicit greater energy expenditure.
Beneficial effects of combined olive oil ingestion and acute exercise on postprandial TAG concentrations in healthy young women; Foods high in monounsaturated fat, such as olive oil, and endurance exercise are both known to independently reduce postprandial TAG concentrations. We examined the combined effects of exercise and dietary fat composition on postprandial TAG concentrations in nine healthy pre-menopausal females (age 26.8 (SD 3.3) years, BMI 22.3 (SD 2.0) kg/m(2)). Each participant completed four, 2d trials in a randomised order: (1) butter-no exercise, (2) olive oil-no exercise, (3) butter-exercise, (4) olive oil-exercise. On day 1 of the exercise trials, participants walked or ran on a treadmill for 60min. On the no-exercise trials, participants rested on day 1. On day 2 of each trial, participants rested and consumed an olive oil meal (saturated fat 15% and unsaturated fat 85 %) or a butter meal (saturated fat 71% and unsaturated fat 29 %) for breakfast. Venous blood samples were obtained in the fasted state and for 6 h postprandially on day 2. A significant main effect on physical activity (exercise or control) was obtained for plasma TAG concentration (three-way ANOVA, P=0.043), and the total area under the concentration v. time curve for TAG was 26% lower on the olive oil-exercise trial (4.40 (SD 0.40) mmol x 6 h/l) than the butter-no exercise trial (5.91 (SD 1.01) mmol x 6 h/l) (one-way ANOVA, P=0.029). These findings suggest that the combination of exercise and a preference for monounsaturated dietary fat intake in the form of olive oil may be most beneficial for reducing postprandial TAG concentrations.
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women; Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25-40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNF alpha and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNF alpha C-max after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL; p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNF alpha was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions: The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators; however, a larger and longer-term study is required to confirm these findings.
The Prevalence of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and its Association with Lifestyle/dietary Habits among University Faculty and Staff in Chengdu; Objective To investigate the prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in different university categories and its association with lifestyle/dietary habits.
A double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial compares the cholesterollowering effects of two different soy protein preparations in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background Soy protein is effective in lowering plasma cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations. It has not been conclusively answered, whether and to what extent other soy constituents may also contribute to this effect. Objective To investigate the change in blood lipid levels after application of two soy-based supplements containing soy protein either without (SuproSoy(R)) or with (Abacor(R)) soy fiber and phospholipids in a randomized placebo-controlled triple-armed study. Methods 121 hypercholesterolemic adults ( 66 females, 55 males) were recruited and randomly assigned to one of three treatments. Over 8 weeks they received daily either 25 g soy protein ( as a component of the supplements Abacor(R) or SuproSoy(R)) or 25 g milk protein ( as a component of placebo). Serum lipids were measured at baseline and after 4, 6 and 8 weeks. Results After 8 weeks of supplementation total cholesterol levels were reduced by 8.0 +/- 9.6% (Abacor(R)) and 3.4 +/- 8.3% (SuproSoy(R)); LDL cholesterol levels by 9.7 +/- 11.7% ( Abacor(R)) and 5.4 +/- 11.6% ( SuproSoy(R)); and Apolipoprotein B levels by 6.9 +/- 14.6% (Abacor(R)) and 4.0 +/- 12.4 % (SuproSoy(R)). Serum levels of HDL cholesterol and triglycerides remained unchanged. Conclusions A preparation combining isolated soy protein with soy fibers and phospholipids showed twice the lipid-lowering effect of a preparation containing isolated soy protein alone. Therefore, such soy-based supplements can be useful in reducing the cardiovascular risk.
Low-Fat Nondairy Minidrink Containing Plant Stanol Ester Effectively Reduces LDL Cholesterol in Subjects with Mild to Moderate Hypercholesterolemia as Part of a Western Diet; The cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester (STAEST) added to fat- or milk-based products is well documented. However, their efficacy when added to nondairy liquid drinks is less certain. Therefore, we have investigated the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of STAEST added to a soymilk-based minidrink in the hypercholesterolemic subjects. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel study, the intervention group (n. = 27) consumed 2.7 g/d of plant stanols as the ester in soymilk-based minidrink (65 mL/d) with the control group (n. = 29) receiving the same drink without added plant stanols once a day with a meal for 4 weeks. Serum total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol concentrations were reduced by 8.0, 11.1, and 10.2% compared with controls (p < 0.05 for all). Serum plant sterol concentrations and their ratios to cholesterol declined by 12-25% from baseline in the STAEST group while the ratio of campesterol to cholesterol was increased by 10% in the controls (p < 0.05 for all). Serum precursors of cholesterol remained unchanged in both groups. In conclusion, STAEST-containing soymilk-based low-fat minidrink consumed once a day with a meal lowered LDL and non-HDL cholesterol concentrations without evoking any side effects in subjects consuming normal Western diet. The clinical trial registration number is NCT01716390.
Probiotics combined with atorvastatin administration in the treatment of hyperlipidemia: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Hyperlipidemia is a common feature of chronic diseases. The aim of this work was designed to assess the role of probiotics (Lactobacillus casei Zhang, Bifidobactetium animalis subsp. lactis V9, and Lactobacillus plantarum P-8) in the treatment of hyperlipidemia. Methods: Thirty three patients with hyperlipidemia were randomly divided into a probiotic group (n = 18) and a control group (n = 15). The probiotic group was administered probiotics (2 g once daily) and atorvastatin 20 mg (once daily), and the control group was administered a placebo (2 g once daily) and atorvastatin 20 mg (once daily). Serum and fecal samples were gathered for subsequent analyses. Results: Time had a significant effect on the total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in the probiotic and control groups (P < .05). The gut microbial abundance in the probiotic group was markedly higher than that in the control group following 3-month probiotic treatment (P < .05). At the phylum level, probiotics exerted no notable effects on the relative abundance of Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, and Actinobacteria but elevated that of Tenericutes and reduced Proteobacteria. At the genus level, probiotics increased the relative abundance of Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, and Akkermansia, and decreased that of Escherichia, Eggerthella, and Sutterella relative to the control group in months 1, 2, and 3 (P < .05). Conclusions: Probiotics optimize the gut microbiota structure and decrease the amount of harmful bacteria in patients with hyperlipidemia. Probiotics can influence the composition of gut microorganisms and increase their diversity and abundance in vivo. It is recommended to use probiotics combined with atorvastatin to treat patients with hyperlipidemia.
Cholesterol lowering effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols in a French population with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Background: Plant sterols are an established non-pharmacological means to reduce total and LDL blood cholesterol concentrations and are therefore recommended for cholesterol management by worldwide-renown health care institutions. Their efficacy has been proven in many types of foods with the majority of trials conducted in spreads or dairy products. As an alternative to dairy products, soy based foods are common throughout the world. Yet, there is little evidence supporting the efficacy of plant sterols in soy-based foods. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of a soy drink enriched with plant sterols on blood lipid profiles in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Fetal sex effects on maternal health can now be tested via randomization: A first-in-class illustration in cows on glucoregulatory outcomes; Background: The maternal-offspring relationship, such as whether fetal sex influences maternal health, is essential to explore to advance prenatal and maternal health. While associations exist between fetal sex and maternal health outcomes, it is unclear whether these reflect a causal relationship. Objective: To demonstrate that fetal sex can be randomly assigned to test the causal effect of fetal sex on maternal outcomes. Methods: Holstein dairy cows were stratified and randomized using sealed opaque envelopes to be artificially inseminated with either X- or Y-sorted bull semen until 40 cows became pregnant. Monthly body weight measurements were recorded, and an intravenous glucose tolerance test was performed 30 days before the expected calving day. The primary outcome was insulin area under the curve (AUC), and secondary outcomes were clearance rate, half-life, and AUC for glucose, insulin, and non-esterified fatty acid concentrations. An intentionto-treat (ITT) approach using multiple imputation was employed for primary analysis, and an as-treated (AT) approach was used for secondary analysis. Results: We demonstrated that we could successfully randomize the assignment of fetal sex to dams and test for causal effects of fetal sex on glucoregulatory outcomes using dairy cows as a model. Insulin AUC was not statistically different between groups (ITT p = 0.857, AT p = 0.874), and other outcomes were also not statistically different (p > 0.05). Conclusion: We demonstrated that causal effects of fetal sex on maternal outcomes can be causally tested in dairy cows. Our study did not provide statistical evidence to support an effect of fetal sex on maternal glucose-related outcomes.
Moderate overfeeding of different sources of metabolizable energy and protein. II: Effects on inflammatory status of sheep in late pregnancy and growth trajectory of the offspring; Our objective was to evaluate the effects of moderate overfeeding of different sources of metabolizable energy (ME) and protein (MP) on inflammatory status of sheep in late gestation and short-term growth performance of the offspring. A total of 32 healthy pregnant Zell ewes (2.5 +/- 1 years old, 42.19 +/- 1.65 kg body weight [BW]) were selected 7 weeks before lambing. After receiving a ten-day adaptation diet, eight ewes were randomly allocated to each of the four treatments including: 1) The adaptation diet that fulfills ME and MP requirements, according to the National Research Council's (NRC, 2007) recommen-dations for late pregnant ewes (CON); 2) A diet with 10% higher levels of ME than CON, using corn grain for extra ME (HEC); 3) A diet with 10% higher level of ME compared to CON, using flaxseed for additional ME (HEF); and 4) A diet with a 10% higher level of MP than CON, using a rumen-protected lysin and methionine supplement (RP-Lys & Met) to supply extra MP (PRO). After lambing, ewes continued their dietary treatments until 30 days postpartum; however, the content of ingredients were proportionally increased to meet the recommended levels of energy and protein for lactating ewes (NRC, 2007). Blood samples from the ewes were taken on days-21,-14, and-7 before parturition. Colostrum yield and components were determined, and lamb's BW and milk intake (MI) were measured weekly until 28 days of age. Other growth performance indexes were computed accordingly. Blood samples from the offspring were taken on days 15 and 30 of life. The data was analyzed using SAS software (SAS Institute Inc., 9.4). Compared with the CON, HEF-fed ewes were the only group that had lower levels of oxidative stress and blood inflammatory markers at-7 d before parturition (P < 0.05). Concentrations of aminotransferases in CON-fed ewes were greater than other groups in late gestation (P < 0.05). Offspring of HEF-and PRO-fed ewes had higher birth BW than lambs of the CON-fed group (3.71 and 4.11 vs. 3.01 +/- 0.24, Kg for HEF, PRO, and CON, respectively). Except for week 2, lambs of CON-fed ewes had lower BW gain compared with the other offspring (P < 0.01). Lambs of PRO-fed ewes had greater levels of plasma immunoglobulin G (IgG, days 15 and 30 of life; P < 0.05) and MI (from week 2; P < 0.001) than other groups. In conclusion, regardless of the source, moderate overfeeding of ME/MP was more beneficial for the immune status of late pregnant dams and the offspring's performance than non-overfed ones. (c) 2021 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Effects of DASH diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on lipid profiles and biomarkers of oxidative stress in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
A high intake of industrial or ruminant trans fatty acids does not affect the plasma proteome in healthy men; Consumption of industrial trans fat raises the risk of cardiovascular disease, but it is unclear whether cis9, trans11-conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) - a trans fatty acid in dairy products modulates disease development. We investigated the effects of complete diets providing 7% of energy as industrial trans fat or cis9, trans11 CLA, compared with oleic acid, on regulation of plasma proteins in 12 healthy men. Diets were provided for 3 wk each, in random order. Plasma was collected at the end of each 3 wk intervention period, depleted of its 12 most abundant proteins and analyzed by 2-DE. Principal component analysis of protein spot intensity values revealed that the nature of the dietary intervention did not significantly affect the plasma proteome. The intervention provided in the 1st period produced a significant treatment effect compared with the interventions provided in the other two periods, and there was a significant subject effect. In conclusion, the nature of an extreme dietary intervention, i.e. 7% of energy provided by industrial trans fat or cis9, trans11 CLA, did not markedly affect the plasma proteome. Thus plasma proteomics using 2-DE appears, by and large, an unsuitable approach to detect regulation of plasma proteins due to changes in the diet.
A mild favorable effect of soy protein with isoflavones on body composition-a 6-month double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial among Chinese postmenopausal women; Background: In vitro and animal studies suggested that soy protein and isoflavones promote weight and body fat loss. However, clinical trials in humans were few and the effects remained uncertain.
Long-term intake of soy protein improves blood lipid profiles and increases mononuclear cell low-density-lipoprotein receptor messenger RNA in hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women; The long-term clinical effects of soy protein containing various amounts of isoflavones on lipoproteins, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations, and other selected cardiovascular risk factors are not well known. Sixty-six hypercholesterolemic. free-living, postmenopausal women were investigated during a 6-mo parallel-group, double-blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups (all with 40 g protein): a National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Step 1 diet with protein from casein and nonfat dry milk (control), an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated soy protein containing moderate amounts of isoflavones (ISP56), or an NCEP Step 1 diet with protein from isolated sop protein containing high amounts of isoflavones (ISP90). Non-HDL cholesterol in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the control group (P < 0.05), whereas total cholesterol was not changed. HDL cholesterol increased in both the ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05), whereas the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol decreased significantly in both groups compared with the control (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA concentrations increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with the control (P < 0.05). These results indicate that sop protein, with different amounts of isoflavones, may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease via improved blood lipid profiles, and that the mechanism by which apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins were depressed may be via alterations in LDL receptor quantity or activity.
Plant stanol ester spreads as components of a balanced diet for pregnant and breast-feeding women: evaluation of clinical safety; Clinical safety of consuming plant stanol ester spreads during pregnancy and lactation, the impact on maternal and infant serum and breast-milk cholesterol and the ratios (mu mol/mmol of cholesterol) of synthesis and absorption markers were evaluated. Pregnant women (n 21) were randomised to control and dietary intervention groups, the intervention including advice to follow a balanced diet and to consume spreads enriched with plant stanol esters. Participants were followed during and after pregnancy and their infants up to 1 year of age. A mean 1-1 (SD 0.4) g consumption of plant stanols during pregnancy and 1.4 (SD 0.9) g 1 month post-partum increased sitostanol and the markers for cholesterol synthesis, lathosterol, lathosterol/campesterol and lathosterol/sitosterol, and reduced a market for cholesterol absorption, campesterol, in maternal serum. In breast milk, desmosterol was lower in the intervention group, while no differences were detected between the groups in infants' serum. Plant stanol ester spread consumption had no impact on the length of gestation, infants' growth or serum beta-carotene concentration at 1 and 6 months of age, but the cholesterol-adjusted serum beta-carotene concentration was lowered at 1 month in the intervention group. Plant stanol ester spread consumption appeared safe in the clinical setting, except for potential lowering of infants' serum beta-carotene concentration, and was reflected in the markers of cholesterol synthesis and absorption in mothers' serum, encouraging further studies in larger settings.
Daily Injection of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α Increases Hepatic Triglycerides and Alters Transcript Abundance of Metabolic Genes in Lactating Dairy Cattle; To determine whether inflammation can induce bovine fatty liver, we administered recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF) to late-lactation Holstein cows. Cows (n = 5/treatment) were blocked by feed intake and parity and randomly assigned within block to control (CON; saline), rbTNF at 2 mu g/(kg(.)d), or pair-fed control (saline, intake matched) treatments. Treatments were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for 7 d. Plasma samples were collected daily for analysis of glucose and FFA and a liver biopsy was collected on d 7 for triglyceride (TG) and quantitative RT-PCR analyses. Data were analyzed using treatment contrasts to assess effects of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and decreased feed intake. By d 7, feed intake of both rbTNF and pair-fed cows was similar to 15% less than CON (P < 0.01). Administration of rbTNF resulted in greater hepatic TNF alpha mRNA and protein aburdance and 103% higher liver TG content (P < 0.05) without affecting the plasma FFA concentration. Hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 transcript abundance tended to be lower (P = 0.09) and transcript abundance of fatty acid translocase and 1-acyl-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase was higher (both P < 0.05) after rbTNF treatment, consistent with increased FFA uptake and storage as TG. Transcript abundance of glucose-6-phosphatase (P < 0.05) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase I (P = 0.09), genes important for gluconeogenesis, was lower for rbTNF-treated cows. These findings indicate that TNF alpha promotes liver TG accumulation and suggest that inflammatory pathways may also be responsible for decreased glucose production in cows with fatty liver. J. Nutt. 139: 1451-1456, 2009.
Hepatoprotective effects of synbiotic soy yogurt on mice fed a high-cholesterol diet; Objectives: The role of probiotic yogurt in the prevention and treatment of hypercholesterolemia has attracted global attention. Mounting evidence has indicated that probiotics and prebiotics improve lipid metabolism by lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration in plasma of hypercholesterolemic patients. The present study aimed to develop synbiotic soy yogurt that had a greater cholesterol-lowering effect in hypercholesterolemic mice compared with control soy yogurt.
Effects of dietary inulin on serum lipids, blood glucose and the gastrointestinal, environment in hypercholesterolemic men.; Inulin is a complex carbohydrate that belongs to a class of compounds known as fructans. Inulin has been consumed in plant sources by mankind for centuries, and is most concentrated in chicory, Jerusalem artichoke, garlic, leek and onion It can be extracted from purified concentrated sources such as chicory root, and used to enhance the technological and nutritional properties of foods. Inulin is thought to share many of the properties of soluble dietary fibers, such as the ability to lower blood lipids and stabilize blood glucose. Additionally, inulin has been shown to enhance the growth of bifidobacteria and lactobacilli and enhance the gut environment. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of a commercially available inulin from chicory root (degree of polymerization (DP) ranging between 2 and 60, modal DP=9) in men with hypercholesterolemia on serum parameters and fecal composition The study was a randomized, double blind, crossover design with no washout period. Twelve men were randomly assigned to two controlled diets that differed only in that the control diet contained one pint of vanilla ice cream made with sucrose while the inulin containing diet was supplemented with one pint of vanilla ice cream made with 20 grams of inulin. Subjects consumed each controlled diet for three weeks. Daily intake of 20 g of inulin significantly reduced serum triglycerides by 40 mg/dL (p=0.05). A trend toward a reduction in serum cholesterol was observed. Trends toward short chain fatty acid (SCFA) profile changes were observed after inulin administration. Transit time did wt differ significantly between treatments. These data suggest that dietary inulin supplementation may improve blood lipid profiles and alters the colonic environment in a manner that may be beneficial. Because inulin is easily incorporated into an acceptable food like low-fat vanilla ice cream, it shows promise as a functional ingredient in many processed foods. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Inc.
Anti-obesity properties of the strain <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> CECT 8145 in Zucker fatty rats; We evaluated the effect of oral administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 strain in Zucker fatty rats. The Zucker fatty rats were randomly divided into two groups (n=10 each) and administered either B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 (1010 cfu/day) suspended in skim milk, or skim milk alone (control group). Each treatment was administered in drinking bottles from week 5 until week 17 of age. A lean Zucker rat group (standard group) was included to provide normal values for the Zucker strain. This group was administered skim milk in the drinking bottle for the same experimental period as Zucker fatty rats. Body weight gain was greater in the fatty control group than in the fatty rats treated daily with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. Furthermore, dry and liquid food intake significantly decreased in the treated Zucker fatty group and these rats also showed decreased plasma ghrelin levels as compared with the Zucker fatty control group. B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 intake also decreased plasma tumour necrosis factor-a (a proinflammatory cytokine) and plasma malondialdehyde (a biomarker of oxidative stress). Moreover, the ratio plasma total cholesterol/plasma cholesterol transported by high-density lipoproteins, considered as an index for cardiovascular disease, also significantly decreased in the Zucker fatty rats treated with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. By contrast, this bacterial strain significantly increased plasma adiponectin (an insulin-sensitising adipokine), but did not produce significant effects on triglyceride levels or glucose metabolism biomarkers. Although further research is required to confirm B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 is an efficient anti-obesity treatment in humans, the results obtained in this study are promising and point to the health and anti-obesity properties of this bacterial strain.
Role of ApoA1 on High-Density Lipoprotein: an intervention with plant sterols in patients with hypercholesterolemia; Background: Numerous studies have shown an inverse association between cholesterol's concentration associated with High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL-C) and cardiovascular risk. The present study intends to investigate the possible relation between Apolipoprotein A (ApoA1) and HDL-C as a new strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Effects of Potassium Magnesium Citrate Supplementation on 24-Hour Ambulatory Blood Pressure and Oxidative Stress Marker in Prehypertensive and Hypertensive Subjects; Diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and dairy products, known as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, is known to reduce blood pressure (BP) in hypertensive patients. More recently, the DASH diet was shown to reduce oxidative stress in hypertensive and nonhypertensive humans. However, the main nutritional components responsible for these beneficial effects of the DASH diet remain unknown. Because the DASH diet is rich in potassium (K), magnesium (Mg), and alkali, we performed a randomized, double -blinded, placebo -controlled study to compare effects of potassium magnesium citrate (KMgCit), potassium chloride (KC1), and potassium citrate (KCit) to allow dissociation of the three components of K, Mg, and citrate on 24 -hour ambulatory BP and urinary 8-isoprostane in hypertensive and prehypertensive subjects, using a randomized crossover design. We found that KC1 supplementation for 4 weeks induced a significant reduction in nighttime SBP compared with placebo (116 +/- 12 vs 121 +/- 15 mm Hg, respectively, p <0.01 vs placebo), whereas KMgCit and KCit had no significant effect in the same subjects (118 +/- 11 and 119 +/- 13 mm Hg, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In contrast, urinary 8-isoprostane was significantly reduced with KMgCit powder compared with placebo (13.5 +/- 5.7 vs 21.1 +/- 10.5 ng/mgCr, respectively, p <0.001), whereas KC1 and KCit had no effect (21.4 9.1 and 18.3 +/- 8.4, respectively, p >0.1 vs placebo). In conclusion, our study demonstrated differential effects of KC1 and KMgCit supplementation on BP and the oxidative stress marker in prehypertensive and hypertensive subjects. Clinical significance of the antioxidative effect of KMgCit remains to be determined in future studies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a yogurt containing plant stanol esters; This clinical trial was carried out with the objective of a preliminar evaluation of the hypocholesteremic effectiveness of a dietary dairy product currently marketed in Spain in the form of drinkable yogurt. Thirty-two adult male and female patients with LDL cholesterol higher than 120 mg/dl were recruited in a pilot, randomized as parallel groups, double-blind, and placebo-controlled clinical trial. Patients consumed during 3 weeks (a bottle a day) Kaiku's Benecol (R) containing 2 g/bottle of plant stanol esters, or a placebo consisting of the same product without plant stanol. Furthermore, all participants carried out some dietary standards. At the beginning and the end of the treatment LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed; LDL/HDL index was also calculated. At the end of the treatment in the active group a significant decline (p < 0.01) with regard to the initial levels was observed in LDL cholesterol (157 +/- 30 to 140 +/- 34, mg/dl, mean +/- SD) levels, total cholesterol (235 +/- 34 to 219 +/- 35) levels, and LDL/HDL index (3,2 1,0 to 3,0 1,2), without significant changes in HDL cholesterol (48 +/- 15 to 53 +/- 29); in the placebo group there were no significant changes (LDL cholesterol: 168 +/- 25 to 164 +/- 23; total cholesterol: 245 +/- 31 to 237 +/- 23; HDL cholesterol: 51 +/- 12 to 51 +/- 12; LDL/HDL index: 3,4 0,6 to 3,3 0,8). In short, consumption of a yogurt a day containing 2 g of stanol reduces significantly the cholesterol levels and this effect is not observed with the placebo.
Effects of Two-Month Consumption of 30 g a Day of Soy Protein Isolate or Skimmed Curd Protein on Blood Lipid Concentration in Russian Adults with Hyperlipidemia; Recently the American Heart Association has reported that favorable effects of soy protein on blood lipids were characteristic only for high amounts of soy protein and not observed for an intake less than 30 g/d. However. the period of the studies with the smaller amount was 4-6 wk and we thought a longer study was necessary for the conclusion. The death rate by heart disease is very high in Russia; therefore, we have done this study in Russian subjects with hyperlipidemia. Prior to the study we tried to find a favorable method for subjects to take 30 g protein a day from soybean protein isolate (SPI) or skimmed curd protein (SMP) and decided to use Russian style cookies. Thirty subjects with hyperlipidemia were recruited; however. due to the 5-mo long study 28 of them (19 females and 9 males aged 50+/-2 y) could complete the trial. They were randomly assigned to two groups and were given either cookie for 2 mo separated by a month-long washout interval in a cross-over design. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and after the dietary treatments. Fasting blood samples at 1 mo were also measured as a health check and to observe the trends of the blood parameters in the middle of the study period. Serum samples were used for the lipid and other biochemical measurements. Every month for 3 non-consecutive days, energy and nutrient intakes were assessed and physical activity was estimated by pedometer. With the consumption of SPI for 2 mo. concentrations of total-cholesterol changed from 280+/-7 to 263+/-8 mg/dL (-6.5%. p=0.0099). HDL-cholesterol from 57.4+/-2.5 to 62.6+/-2.9 mg/dL (+9%, p=0.0047), non-HDL-cholesterol (total-cholesterol-HDL-cholesterol) from 223+/-7 to 201+/-8 mg/dL (-11%. p=0.0023) and triglycerides from 204+/-23 to 173+/-19 mg/dL (-18%, p=0.022). There were no significant changes with SMP (p>0.05). Thus, administration of 30 g SPI a day for 2 mo confirmed its favorable effects on serum lipids in Russians with hyperlipidemia.
Effectiveness of oral electrolyte solutions with different compositions for the treatment of neonatal calves with induced osmotic diarrhea; In a randomized controlled trial, we evaluated the effects of five oral electrolyte solutions (OESs) with different compositions of water, electrolyte, and acid-base balances of diarrheal neonatal calves. Osmotic diarrhea and dehydration were induced with sucrose in milk, spironolactone, and hydrochlorothiazide for 48 h in thirty 10-day old Holstein healthy calves with 43.5 +/- 3.80 kg BW who were fed with natural milk. They were allocated to five treatment groups (n=6) based on the administered OES (commercial: OES A, B, C, D; and non-commercial: OES UEL). On the day of treatment, the calves received 6L of OES in two doses apart from milk intakes. Venous blood samples were collected at -48h (start of induction), -24h, 0h (start of the treatment day), 8h, 16h, 24h, 48h, and 72h. TPP, glucose, D-lactate, L-lactate, pH, pCO(2), HCO3-, BE, Na+, K+, Cl-, SID3, SIG, AG, A(tot) and percentage change in plasma volume (%PV) were measured or calculated and analyzed by two-way repeated measures ANOVA. All the calves developed osmotic diarrhea, mild to moderate dehydration, hyponatremia, relative hyperchloremia, and moderate to severe metabolic acidosis. The tested OESs were well accepted by the calves and effective in reversing dehydration, electrolyte imbalances, and metabolic acidosis. OES D did not completely correct hyponatremia, and SEO B caused transient hyperglycemia. It has been concluded that all the tested OESs are safe and effective for the treatment of diarrhea in calves with moderate degrees of dehydration and metabolic acidosis, which indicates that they have proper compositions for this purpose.
Effect of Conjugated Linoleic Acid as a Supplement or Enrichment in Foods on Blood Glucose and Waist Circumference in Humans: A Meta-analysis; Background: Controversy persists regarding the effect of mixtures of conjugated linoleic acids (c9, t11-and t10, c12-CLA) in fasting blood glucose (FBG) and waist circumference (WC) in humans.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols do not affect LDL electrophoretic characteristics in hypercholesterolemic subjects; The extent to which sterols and stanols modulate LDL particle size is unknown. We examined the effects of supplementation with unesterified plant sterols and stanols on several LDL electrophoretic characteristics. Healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects (n = 14) consumed each of four experimental diets contained plant sterols (S), plant stanols (SN), a 50:50 mixture of sterols and stanols (SSN), or corn-starch (control) in a randomized crossover design. The butter component of the diet was blended with unesterified sterols and stanols at a dose of 1.8 g/d. The LDL particles were characterized by polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis of whole plasma. LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations decreased by 8.8,13.6, and 13.1% in the S, SN, and SSN groups, respectively (P < 0.01) with a significant increase of 4.3% in the control group. None of the treatments with sterols and stanols induced significant changes in LDL peak particle diameter or in the cholesterol levels of the small LDL subfraction (<25.5 rim). The reduction in plasma LDL-C levels with SN consumption was due mainly to a decrease (P < 0.05) in the concentration of cholesterol in the large subfraction (>26.0 nm). The significant reduction in plasma LDL-C concentrations by sterol and stanol consumption in subjects was not paralleled by any beneficial changes in LDL electrophoretic characteristics.
Testosterone-Associated Dietary Pattern Predicts Low Testosterone Levels and Hypogonadism; Obesity and low serum testosterone (T) levels are interrelated and strongly influenced by dietary factors, and their alteration entails a great risk of hypogonadism. Substantial evidence suggests a bidirectional relationship between nutrient metabolism (e.g., glucose, lipids, and iron) and T levels in men; however, T-related dietary patterns remain unclear. This study investigated the dietary patterns associated with serum total T levels and its predictive effect on hypogonadism and the body composition. Anthropometry, blood biochemistry, and food frequency questionnaires were collected for 125 adult men. Dietary patterns were derived using a reduced rank regression from 32 food groups. Overall prevalence rates of central obesity and hypogonadism were 48.0% and 15.7%, respectively. An adjusted linear regression showed that age, insulin, red blood cell (RBC) aggregation, and transferrin saturation independently predicted serum total T levels (all p < 0.01). The total T-related dietary pattern (a high consumption of bread and pastries, dairy products, and desserts, eating out, and a low intake of homemade foods, noodles, and dark green vegetables) independently predicted hypogonadism (odds ratio: 5.72; 95% confidence interval: 1.11-29.51, p < 0.05) for those with the highest dietary pattern scores (Q4) compared to those with the lowest (Q1). Scores were also negatively correlated with the skeletal muscle mass (p for trend = 0.002) but positively correlated with the total body fat mass (p for trend = 0.002), visceral fat mass (p for trend = 0.001), and to a lesser extent, subcutaneous fat mass (p for trend = 0.035) after adjusting for age. Randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm that improvement in dietary pattern can improve T levels and reduce hypogonadism.
Effects on Peripheral and Central Blood Pressure of Cocoa With Natural or High-Dose Theobromine A Randomized, Double-Blind Crossover Trial; Flavanol-rich cocoa products have been reported to lower blood pressure. It has been suggested that theobromine is partially responsible for this effect. We tested whether consumption of flavanol-rich cocoa drinks with natural or added theobromine could lower peripheral and central blood pressure. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled 3-period crossover trial we assigned 42 healthy individuals (age 62 +/- 4.5 years; 32 men) with office blood pressure of 130 to 159 mm Hg/85 to 99 mm Hg and low added cardiovascular risk to a random treatment sequence of dairy drinks containing placebo, flavanol-rich cocoa with natural dose consisting of 106 mg of theobromine, or theobromine-enriched flavanol-rich cocoa with 979 mg of theobromine. Treatment duration was 3 weeks with a 2-week washout. The primary outcome was the difference in 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment after 3 weeks. The difference in central systolic blood pressure between placebo and active treatment was a secondary outcome. Treatment with theobromine-enriched cocoa resulted in a mean +/- SE of 3.2 +/- 1.1 mm Hg higher 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure compared with placebo (P<0.01). In contrast, 2 hours after theobromine-enriched cocoa, laboratory peripheral systolic blood pressure was not different from placebo, whereas central systolic blood pressure was 4.3 +/- 1.4 mm Hg lower (P=0.001). Natural dose theobromine cocoa did not significantly change either 24-hour ambulatory or central systolic blood pressure compared with placebo. In conclusion, theobromine-enriched cocoa significantly increased 24-hour ambulatory systolic blood pressure while lowering central systolic blood pressure. (Hypertension. 2010;56:839-846.)
Single bout of low-intensity exercise produces modestly favorable changes in glycemic and lipidemic profiles after ingestion of non-isoglucidic breakfasts; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the acute effects of low-intensity exercise on the postprandial hormonal and metabolic milieu induced by breakfast consumption.
Association of conjugated linoleic acid consumption and liver enzymes in human studies: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Objective: The aim of this study was to systematically review the association of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) consumption in two forms of foods enriched or supplemented with CIA on serum liver enzymes in human studies.
Metabolic syndrome and selenium during gestation and lactation; Selenium (Se) has a dual role in metabolic syndrome (MS) development as it has an antioxidant action against both "good" and "bad" reactive oxygen species. This study evaluates Se body profile in dams which present MS during gestation and lactation, in order to elucidate a normal dietary Se's implication in this pathology.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol®, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798; Background: Cardiovascular diseases have become the leading cause of death from chronic diseases in the world. Main risk factors include hypercholesterolemia, which is caused in most cases by a high saturated fat diet. Plant stanol esters partly block cholesterol absorption in the digestive tract and thereby reduce total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol serum levels. Based on epidemiological data, a 10 percent reduction of LDL cholesterol leads to a 20 percent decrease in the coronary heart disease risk throughout life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol (R) yogurt drink) in higher doses than the typically used (2g/d stanols), in lowering blood lipids in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.
"Benifuuki" Extract Reduces Serum Levels of Lectin-Like Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-1 Ligands Containing Apolipoprotein B: A Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Randomized Trial; (1) Background: Arteriosclerosis is associated with high levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. O-methylated catechins in "Benifuuki" green tea are expected to reduce cholesterol levels, although there is limited research regarding this topic; (2) Methods: This trial evaluated 159 healthy volunteers who were randomized to receive ice cream containing a high-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 676 mg of catechins (group H), a low-dose of "Benifuuki" extract including 322 mg of catechins (group L), or no Benifuuki extract (group C). Each group consumed ice cream (with or without extract) daily for 12 weeks, and their lipid-related parameters were compared; (3) Results: A significant reduction in the level of lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 ligand containing ApoB (LAB) was detected in group H, compared to groups L and C. No significant differences between the three groups were detected in their levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL cholesterol; (4) Conclusions: "Benifuuki" extract containing O-methylated catechins may help prevent arteriosclerosis.
The consumption of argan oil induces a lipid-lowering effect in dyslipidemic patients; To manage dyslipidemia using diet recommendations based on argan oil consumption, we were interested in studying, for the first time, the effect of argan oil consumption on plasma lipids in never-treated Moroccan dyslipidemic patients. Twenty-four dyslipidemic patients from the endocrinology department of University Hospital of Rabat (Morocco) were included in this interventional study. The study design consists to two diet periods. In the first diet period of 2 weeks, all patients consumed 20 g/day of butter in breakfast. In the second period of 3 weeks (nutritional intervention), all patients were randomized to two diet groups: one group of 15 patients in which the 20 g/day of butter was substituted by 25 ml/day of argan oil with toasted bread for breakfast. The second group of nine patients for whom, both argan oil and olive oil were removed from their diet while keeping the 20 g/day of butter for breakfast. During this period, all patients were placed under a lifestyle and diet recommended for the dyslipidemic patient as reported by the French Agency for Health Products Safety (AFSSAPS). Serum lipid [total cholesterol (total-chol), triglycerides, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-chol) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol)] and anthropometric parameters were measured at the end of both periods. Both groups of patients have showed an improvement of lipid parameters in the end of the interventional period compared to the end of stabilization period by reducing total-chol and LDL-chol; and triglycerides and increasing HDL-chol. However, the change in atherogenic lipids was significantly different (P<0.04) in the consumers group of argan oil compared to the control group; 30 versus 14% for total-chol, 46 versus 24.5% for triglycerides, 24 versus 15% for LDL-chol, respectively. While the increase in HDL-chol in consumers group of argan oil was different but not significantly compared to the control group; 17 versus 14% (P = 0.1). We have demonstrated for the first time that consumption of argan oil improves the lipid status in never-treated patients with dyslipidemia and can therefore be recommended in nutritional prevention in the management of dyslipidemia.
Adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet in relation to obesity among Iranian female nurses; Objective: Limited observational studies have considered habitual consumption of the general population to examine the relationship between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and obesity. The aim of the present study was to investigate adherence to the DASH diet in relation to general and central obesity among female nurses in Isfahan, Iran.
Ultra heat treatment destroys cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein; A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind clinical study was performed to investigate the dose-dependent response of serum cholesterol after consuming an ultra-heat-treated milk containing a soy protein preparation. Eighty hypercholesterolemic subjects were assigned to one of four study groups receiving 12.5 or 25 g soy protein (active treatment) or casein (placebo) daily over a period of 4 weeks. The trial substances were provided as ready-made, ultra-heated milk preparations. Before and after the treatment, serum concentrations of total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were determined. Unexpectedly, at the end of the study, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were significantly increased compared with baseline in all study groups. The magnitude of this increase (17 - 19%) was similar in all active and placebo study groups. Soy protein supplements previously shown to be effective in reducing serum cholesterol had in this study no such lipid-lowering effect after ultra heat treatment.
Effects of <i>Bifidobacterium breve</i> B-3 on body fat reductions in pre-obese adults: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Accumulating evidence suggests a relationship between the gut microbiota and the development of obesity, indicating the potential of probioties as a therapeutic approach. Bifidobacterium breve B-3 has been shown to exert anti-obesity effects in high-fat diet-induced obese mice. In the present study, the anti-obesity effects of the consumption of B. breve B-3 by healthy pre-obese (25 <= BMI < 30) adults were investigated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (trial registration: UMIN-CTR No. 000023919; preregistered on September 2, 2016). Eighty participants were randomized to receive placebo or B. breve B-3 capsules (2 x 10(10) CFU/day) daily for 12 weeks. The visceral fat area significantly increased at weeks 4 and 8 in the placebo group only; no significant change was observed in the B-3 group. Body fat mass and percent body fat were significantly lower in the B-3 group than in the placebo group at weeks 8 and 12 (p<0.05, ANCOVA adjusted with baseline values). Although no significant differences were observed in blood parameters between the groups, the intake of B. breve B-3 slightly decreased triglyceride levels and improved HDL cholesterol from the baseline. No serious adverse effects were noted in either group. These results suggest that the probiotic strain B. breve B-3 has potential as a functional food ingredient to reduce body fat in healthy pre-obese individuals.
Beneficial effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension eating plan on features of the metabolic syndrome; OBJECTIVE - To determine the effects of a Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on metabolic risks in patients with the metabolic syndrome.
Cholesterol reduction by different plant stanol mixtures and with variable fat intake; Our aim was to investigate (1) whether different campestanol/sitostanol mixtures in margarine differ in reducing serum cholesterol, and (2) whether sitostanol ester in butter decreases serum cholesterol and alters cholesterol absorption and metabolism. Twenty-three postmenopausal women replaced 25 g dietary fat with (1) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:11) and (2) campestanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:2) rapeseed oil margarine, (3) butter, and (4) sitostanol ester-rich (campestanol to sitostanol ratio 1:13) butter. The respective scheduled stanol intake was 3.18, 3.16, and 2.43 g/d. The 6-week margarine periods and, after an 8-week washout, 5-week butter periods were double-blind and in random order. Serum cholesterol precursor sterols (indicators of cholesterol synthesis) and plant sterols (indicators of cholesterol absorption) were quantified with gas-liquid chromatography (GLC). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was reduced by 8% and 10% with the sitostanol and campestanol ester-rich margarines versus baseline (P < .05 for both) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was increased by 6% and 5% (P < .05), so the LDL/HDL, cholesterol ratio was reduced by 15% (P < .05 for both). Sitostanol ester-rich butter decreased LDL cholesterol 12% and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio 11% (P < .05 for both) versus the butter period. The serum proportions of plant sterols and cholestanol were similarly reduced and those of cholesterol precursor sterols were similarly increased during all periods (P < .05 for all). Serum proportions of sitostanol and campestanol were slightly increased, indicating that their absorption related to their dietary intake, During all stanol interventions, serum vitamin D and retinol concentrations and alpha-tocopherol to cholesterol ratios were unchanged, whereas those of alpha- and beta-carotenes were significantly reduced. We conclude that varying the campestanol to sitostanol ratio from 1:13 to 1:2 in margarine and in butter similarly decreased cholesterol absorption, LDL cholesterol, and the LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio such that the serum lipids became less atherogenic. Copyright (C) 1999 by W.B. Saunders Company.
POSTPRANDIAL LIPEMIA UNDER TREATMENT WITH ALLIUM-SATIVUM - CONTROLLED DOUBLE-BLIND-STUDY IN HEALTHY-VOLUNTEERS WITH REDUCED HDL2-CHOLESTEROL LEVELS; The effectiveness of a standardized garlic powder preparation (Sapec(R), Kwai(R)) on alimentary hpyertriglyceridaemia after intake of a standardized fatty test meal containing 100 g butter was analyzed in a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind study. 24 volunteers with HDL2-cholesterol concentrations in plasma of less than 10 mg/dl (men) respectively 15 mg/dl (women) participated in the study. The volunteers received 3 times 1 tablet daily over a period of 6 weeks equivalent to a daily dosage of 900 mg garlic powder in the active treated group. Control measurements were made on the 1st, 22nd and 43rd day of treatment and 0, 3 and 5 h after intake of the meal.
Effects of probiotics supplementation on macrophage migration inhibitory factor and clinical laboratory feature of polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of reproductive and metabolic symptoms associated with an imbalance of reproductive hormones in women. Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is an inflammatory adipocytokine associated with metabolic disorders. Probiotics probably has influence on metabolic and inflammatory conditions. We aimed by this study, for the first time, to evaluate the impact of probiotic supplementation on MIF values, clinical and laboratory feature of PCOS. Furthermore, we aimed to explore the power of MIF for diagnosis PCOS.
Plant sterol-enriched spread enhances the cholesterol-lowering potential of a fat-reduced diet; Objective: To determine the effect of a plant sterol-enriched spread on plasma cholesterol concentrations when replacing butter or a standard polyunsaturated spread in a diet containing 30% of energy fat.
Impact of colonic fermentation on sterols after the intake of a plant sterol-enriched beverage: A randomized, double-blind crossover trial; Background: Cholesterol microbial transformation has been widely studied using in vitro fermentation assays, but less information is available on the biotransformation of plant sterols (PS). The excretion percentage of animal sterols (AS) (67-73%) is considerably greater than that of PS (27 -33%) in feces from healthy humans following a Western diet. However, a lower content of AS in feces from subjects following a vegetarian, vegan or low-fat animal diet has been seen when compared to omnivorous subjects. Although only one human study has reported fecal sterol excretion after the consumption of PS-enriched food (8.6 g PS/day), it was found that the target group showed an increase in the excretion of cholesterol and a 57% decrease in its metabolites compared to the control group.
Unesterified plant sterols and stanols lower LDL-cholesterol concentrations equivalently in hypercholesterolemic persons; Background: Plant sterols, in various forms, have been shown to reduce total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Particularly controversial at present is the effect of the degree of hydrogenation of the plant sterols on cholesterol-lowering efficacy and the responsible mechanisms.
Impact of Meal Fatty Acid Composition on Postprandial Lipemia in Metabolically Healthy Adults and Individuals with Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review; Consuming fat results in postprandial lipemia, which is defined as an increase in blood triglyceride (TG) concentration. According to current knowledge, an excessively elevated postprandial TG concentration increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is well known that mealdependent (e.g., nutrient composition) as well as meal- independent factors (e.g., age) determine the magnitude of the lipemic response. However, there is conflicting evidence concerning the influence of fatty acid (FA) composition on postprandial TG concentration. The FA composition of a meal depends on the fat source used; for example, butter and coconut oil are rich in SFAs, while olive oil and canola oil have a high content of unsaturated FAs. To investigate the influence of meals prepared with fat sources rich in either SFAs or unsaturated FAs on postprandial lipemia, we carried out a systematic literature search in PubMed, Scopus, and the Cochrane Library. Randomized crossover studies were analyzed and the AUC of postprandial TG concentration served as the primary outcome measure. To examine the influence of health status, we differentiated between metabolically healthy individuals and those with CVD risk factors. In total, 23 studies were included. The results show that, in metabolically healthy adults, the FA composition of a meal is not a relevant determinant of postprandial lipemia. However, in individuals with CVD risk factors, SFArich meals (>32 g SFA/meal) often elicited a stronger lipemic response than meals rich in unsaturated FAs. The results suggest that adults with hypertriglyceridemia, an elevated BMI (>= 30 kg/m(2)), and/or who are older (>40 y) may benefit from replacing SFA sources with unsaturated FAs. These hypotheses need to be verified by further studies in people with CVD risk factors using standardized postprandial protocols.
Comparison of dietary and physical activity behaviors in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 39 471 women; BACKGROUND Lifestyle (dietary and/or physical activity [PA]) modification is recommended as first-line therapy to manage polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Current recommendations are based on healthy lifestyle practices for the general public since evidence for unique lifestyle approaches in PCOS is limited and low quality. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE We aimed to synthesize evidence on dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and those without PCOS. Primary outcomes were overall diet quality, total energy intake and total PA, and secondary outcomes included macronutrients, micronutrients, food groups, foods, glycemic indices, sedentary time and sitting levels. We conducted this work to identify any unique lifestyle behaviors in women with PCOS that could underlie the propensity of weight gain and obesity in PCOS and be targeted for precision nutrition and PA interventions. These findings could be used to inform future practice recommendations and research that more effectively address complications (weight gain, obesity, diabetes, infertility, cardiovascular disease and mental health) in this high-risk population. SEARCH METHODS Databases of MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus and CINAHL were searched until 15 February 2022 to identify observational studies documenting dietary and PA behaviors between women with PCOS and without PCOS (Controls). Studies on children, adolescents (<18 years), pregnant or menopausal-aged women (>50 years) were excluded. Data were pooled by random-effects models and expressed as (standardized) mean differences (MD) and 95% CIs. The risk of bias was assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS). OUTCOMES Fifty-four studies (N = 39 471 participants; [n = 8736 PCOS; 30 735 Controls]) were eligible (96%; [52/54] NOS scores >= 7). Women with PCOS had higher cholesterol (MD: 12.78, 95% CI: 1.48 to 24.08 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 19%), lower magnesium (MD: -21.46, 95% CI: -41.03 to -1.91 mg/day; P = 0.03; I-2 = 76%), and a tendency for lower zinc (MD: -1.08, 95% CI: -2.19 to -0.03 mg/day; P = 0.05; I-2 = 96%) intake, despite lower alcohol consumption (MD: -0.95, 95% CI: -1.67 to 0.22 g/day; P = 0.02; I-2 = 0%) versus Controls. Also, women with PCOS had lower total PA (standardized mean difference: -0.38, 95% CI: -0.72 to 0.03; P = 0.03; I-2 = 98%). Conversely, energy, macronutrients (carbohydrate, fat, protein, fiber), micronutrients (folic acid, iron, calcium, sodium), glycemic index and glycemic load were similar (all: P >= 0.06). Most eligible studies reported lower total adherence to healthy eating patterns or poorer consumption of major food groups (grains, fruits, vegetables, proteins, seeds, nuts, dairy) in women with PCOS, as described narratively since variable study methodology did not permit meta-analyses. WIDER IMPLICATIONS Collective evidence supports that women with PCOS have a lower overall diet quality, poorer dietary intakes (higher cholesterol, lower magnesium and zinc) and lower total PA, despite lower alcohol consumption versus those without PCOS. Considerable heterogeneity among studies reinforces the need for research to address any relative contributions of other factors (e.g. genetic, metabolic or sociodemographic) to the observed differences. These clarifications may contribute to future evidence-based guideline recommendations on monitoring and managing PCOS in the era of precision lifestyle medicine.
Development, acceptability and nutritional evaluation of an indigenous food blend fermented with probiotic organisms; Purpose - Probiotic fermented foods are fast being recognized as health foods. Most of such developed foods are based on dairy products and much less work is available on cereals/legumes which constitute the staple diet in developing nations. In the present study an attempt has been made to develop a barley -based probiotic fermented food mixture and report its acceptability and nutritional profile.
Increased hypolipidemic benefits of <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in combination with <i>trans</i>-11 vaccenic acid in a rodent model of the metabolic syndrome, the JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rat; Background: Conjugated linoleic acid (cis-9, trans-11 CLA) and trans-11 vaccenic acid (VA) are found naturally in ruminant-derived foods. CLA has been shown to have numerous potential health related effects and has been extensively investigated. More recently, we have shown that VA has lipid-lowering properties associated with reduced hepatic lipidogenesis and chylomicron secretion in the JCR:LA-cp rat. The aim of this study was to evaluate potential additional hypolipidemic effects of purified forms of CLA and VA in an animal model of the metabolic syndrome (the JCR:LA-cp rat).
An oil mixture with <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women; A mixture of trans-10, cis-12 (t10,c12) and cis-9, trans-11 (c9, t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA rnilk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8-iso-prbstaglandin F-2 alpha. However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans-10,cis-12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9, t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
Meta-analysis of the association between major foods with added fructose and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Objectives: The relationship between the consumption of foods with added fructose and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was inconsistent in previous epidemiological studies, and no meta-analysis has been performed on the pooled results. Hence, this study aims to assess the associations between the consumption of major foods with added fructose and NAFLD in a meta-analysis. Methods: Through PubMed and Web of Science, an extensive literature search of publications before July 2022 was conducted. We included studies that investigated the associations between the intake of >= 1 food sources with added fructose (biscuits and cookies, cake, sugar-sweetened beverages [SSBs], sweets, candies, chocolate, or ice cream) and NAFLD in a general adult population. Random- or fixed-effects models were used to pool odds ratios [ORs, 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs)] depending on the degree of heterogeneity. Results: A total of 15 studies with 65 149 participants were finally brought into the meta-analysis. Based on the results, it seems that the prevalence of NAFLD was higher among those who consumed foods with added fructose (OR = 1.31, 95% CI = 1.17-1.48). Subgroup analysis showed that consumption of foods with added fructose was associated with a greater prevalence of NAFLD in subgroups of cohort and cross-sectional studies, of SSBs, participants from Asia or North America, disease assessment using ultrasound, CT, or MRI, and exposure assessment using dietary recall and food frequency questionnaires. Conclusion: Our results indicated that major foods with added fructose intake have a positive association with the prevalence of NAFLD. Reduction of added fructose consumption may represent an early opportunity to mitigate or prevent NAFLD.
COMPARATIVE EFFECTS OF 4 LEGUME SPECIES ON PLASMA-LIPIDS AND FECAL STEROID-EXCRETION IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC PIGS; The effect of four species of legume seeds on plasma cholesterol levels and faecal steroid excretion was studied in pigs. Thirty-six growing boars were randomly allocated in groups of six to six diets which they ate continuously for 42 d. The diets fed were: 1, a semi-purified (SP; control group 1) diet; 2, SP + 10 g cholesterol/kg (control group 2); 3, 4, 5, 6, SP + cooked legumes (70:30, w/w; respectively baked beans (Phaseolus vulgaris), peas (Pisum sativum), lentils (Lens culinaris Medik.), butter beans (Phaseolus lunatus)) + 10 g cholesterol/kg. Fasting blood samples were taken on days 0, 14, 28, and 42 for the determination of total plasma cholesterol, high-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and triacylglycerols. Between days 7 and 11 and days 28 and 32 complete 5 d faecal collections were made for the measurement of neutral, acidic and conjugated steroids. After 42 d total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol levels were raised significantly in all groups, but to different extents. In comparison with control group 2, diet-induced hypercholesterolaemia was significantly inhibited in the groups consuming baked beans, peas and butter beans, although HDL-cholesterol levels were maintained. Faecal steroid excretion by the legume groups was not significantly different from that of control group 2. The results suggest that the mechanism for the hypocholesterolaemic effect does not involve increased hepatic bile acid synthesis and thereby increased cholesterol clearance via the intestinal route.
Gastrointestinal effects of extra-virgin olive oil associated with lower postprandial glycemia in type 1 diabetes; Objective: To explore the possible mechanisms behind the lower glycemic response observed when extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) is added to a high-glycemic index meal in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D).
The effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials; Despite the potential role of dietary calcium in fat excretion, the favorable effects of calcium supplements on lipid profile remains inconclusive. The current study aimed to review the effect of calcium supplement intake on lipid profile in randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs). This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and Central. RCTs which assessed the effects of calcium supplementation on lipid profile were included. All outcomes were recorded as continuous variables, and the effect size was measured. We classified studies according to dose of supplement, study duration, and dyslipidemia. Calcium supplement intake was associated with a significant reduction in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI:-0.16,-0.01)(mmol/l), especially with intakes of at least 1000 mg/day (WMD:-0.13; 95%CI:-0.23,-0.03)(mmol/l), with intakes of at least 12 weeks (WMD:-0.08; 95%CI: -0.16,-0.00)(mmol/l), and in individuals without dyslipidemia (WMD:-0.15; 95%CI:-0.26,-0.04)(mmol/l). Also, in another subgroup analysis, consumption of less than 1000 mg/day calcium supplement caused a significant increase in Total Cholesterol (TC) level (WMD: 0.24; 95%CI: 0.05,0.42) (mmol/l). In other blood lipids or study subgroups we observed no significant effect. We concluded that calcium supplements had a favorable effect on LDL-C level, especially in individuals without dyslipidemia, higher calcium intakes, and longer period of consumption.
Associations of Maternal Vitamin B12 Concentration in Pregnancy With the Risks of Preterm Birth and Low Birth Weight: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Individual Participant Data; Vitamin B12 (hereafter referred to as B12) deficiency in pregnancy is prevalent and has been associated with both lower birth weight (birth weight < 2,500 g) and preterm birth (length of gestation < 37 weeks). Nevertheless, current evidence is contradictory. We performed a systematic review and a meta-analysis of individual participant data to evaluate the associations of maternal serum or plasma B12 concentrations in pregnancy with offspring birth weight and length of gestation. Twenty-two eligible studies were identified (11,993 observations). Eighteen studies were included in the meta-analysis (11,216 observations). No linear association was observed between maternal B12 levels in pregnancy and birth weight, but B12 deficiency (< 148 pmol/ L) was associated with a higher risk of low birth weight in newborns (adjusted risk ratio = 1.15, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01, 1.31). There was a linear association between maternal levels of B12 and preterm birth (per each 1-standarddeviation increase in B12, adjusted risk ratio = 0.89, 95% CI: 0.82, 0.97). Accordingly, B12 deficiency was associated with a higher risk of preterm birth (adjusted risk ratio = 1.21, 95% CI: 0.99, 1.49). This finding supports the need for randomized controlled trials of vitamin B12 supplementation in pregnancy.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of bovine serum immunoglobulin in participants with mild hypercholesterolemia; Background: The consumption of milk products has been shown to lower cholesterol. The mechanism of action surrounding this observation has been attributed to the protein fraction of milk and serum.
Simultaneous Ingestion of Fructose and Fat Exacerbates Postprandial Exogenous Lipidemia in Young Healthy Japanese Women; Aim: To investigate the acute effects of the simultaneous ingestion of fructose and fat on postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in healthy young women.
Phytosterols in nonfat and low-fat beverages have no impact on the LDL size phenotype; Objective: To examine the impact of nonfat and low-fat phytosterol-enriched beverages on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) electrophoretic characteristics.
Lipid response to a low-fat diet with or without soy is modified by C-reactive protein status in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults; Recent evidence suggests that individuals with high concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of inflammation, are less responsive to cholesterol-lowering diets. CRP concentrations are increased by oral estrogen; however, the effect of soy phytoestrogens on inflammation has not been studied comprehensively, especially in women receiving hormone replacement therapy (HRT). This study was conducted to determine whether adding soy to a low-fat, high-fiber diet affects CRP and interleukin (IL)-6, and to examine the association between CRP levels and lipid response in moderately hypercholesterolemic adults (men = 18, postmenopausal women = 14; 6 receiving HRT). After a 3-wk run-in period with consumption of a Step 1 diet (27% total fat, 7% saturated fat, 275 mg cholesterol), participants were randomly assigned to diets containing 25 g/d soy protein (+ 90 mg/d isoflavones) or 25 g/d milk protein for 6 wk in a crossover design. Lipids and lipoproteins, CRP, and IL-6 were measured at the end of each diet and participants were categorized into high (> 3.5 mg/L) or low CRP groups based on a median split. The addition of soy or milk protein to the Step I diet did not affect lipids or inflammatory markers. Regardless of protein source, those with low CRP exhibited significant decreases in LDL cholesterol (-3.5%) and the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (-4.8%), whereas those with high CRP had significant increases in LDL cholesterol (+4.8%), the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio (+5.2%), apolipoprotein B (+3.8%), and lipoprotein(a) (+13.5%) compared with the run-in diet. These results suggest that inflammation may not only attenuate lipid responses, but also aggravate dyslipidemia in hypercholesterolemic subjects consuming a cholesterol-lowering diet.
Oats and soy in lipid-lowering diets for women with hypercholesterolemia: Is there synergy?; Objectives To study possible synergistic effects of oats and soy on reducing total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations in human beings and the efficacy and feasibility of including these adjustments to a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I diet.
Mechanistic roles for calcium and vitamin D in the regulation of body weight; Low intakes of calcium and inadequate vitamin D status often cluster with higher prevalence rates of obesity. Consequently, there has been much interest in the mechanisms by which calcium and vitamin D could regulate body weight and adiposity. This review has focused on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that have manipulated these nutrients and studied pathways of energy balance. Overall, there is consistent evidence that calcium and vitamin D increase whole body fat oxidation after single and multiple meals, and that calcium promotes a modest energy loss through increased faecal fat excretion. The evidence is equivocal for a greater diet-induced thermogenesis, increased lipolysis, suppression of key lipogenic enzymes, decreased hunger ratings or reduced energy/macronutrient intake. Emerging evidence suggests a potential improvement in insulin sensitivity following vitamin D that would impinge on food intake and substrate oxidation. However, the very few RCTs on supplemental vitamin D and energy balance have not explored postprandial avenues of the hormone's actions. Future efforts in this area need to define the threshold intake of these nutrients that would maximize metabolic and gastrointestinal outcomes. Such studies would provide a platform for endorsing the non-skeletal role of calcium and vitamin D in human pathophysiology.
Contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect of a mixed meal; Background: The relative contributions of fat and protein to the incretin effect are still largely unknown.
Comparing the Efficacy of Myo-Inositol Plus α-Lactalbumin vs. Myo-Inositol Alone on Reproductive and Metabolic Disturbances of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Despite the beneficial effect of myo-inositol on metabolic, hormonal, and reproductive parameters of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients, 28% to 38% could be resistant to this treatment. The combination with the milk protein a-lactalbumin can be a useful therapeutic approach to overcome inositol resistance and achieve ovulation in these women. This open-label prospective study aimed to compare the effects of supplementing myo-inositol plus a-lactalbumin vs myo-inositol alone on reproductive and metabolic abnormalities in PCOS. A total of 50 anovulatory women with a PCOS diagnosis were randomly assigned to receive myo-inositol alone or a combination of myo-inositol and a-lactalbumin for three months. Anthropometric measures, hormonal levels, and menstrual cycle duration were collected at baseline and after treatment. The therapy with myo-inositol plus a-lactalbumin improved both ovulation rate and menstrual cycle duration more than myo-inositol alone. The body weight was significantly reduced in women receiving myo-inositol plus a-lactalbumin, while patients in the myo-inositol group experienced no change. In addition, the improvement of hyperandrogenism was more prominent in patients treated with myo-inositol plus a-lactalbumin. The benefits of associating myo-inositol and a-lactalbumin clearly make this combination a true edge in the management of PCOS.
Food sources of fructose-containing sugars and glycaemic control: systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled intervention studies; OBJECTIVE
A paleolithic diet is more satiating per calorie than a mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischemic heart disease; Background: We found marked improvement of glucose tolerance and lower dietary energy intake in ischemic heart disease (IHD) patients after advice to follow a Paleolithic diet, as compared to a Mediterranean-like diet. We now report findings on subjective ratings of satiety at meals and data on the satiety hormone leptin and the soluble leptin receptor from the same study.
Cholesterol lowering and inhibition of sterol absorption by <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The percentage of hypercholesterolemic individuals not reaching their LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) goal remains high and additional therapeutic strategies should be evaluated. The objective of this study was to evaluate the cholesterol-lowering efficacy and mechanism of action of bile salt hydrolase-active Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 capsules in hypercholesterolemic adults.
Argan oil prevents prothrombotic complications by lowering lipid levels and platelet aggregation, enhancing oxidative status in dyslipidemic patients from the area of Rabat (Morocco); Background: It is now established that patients with hyperlipidemia have a high risk of atherosclerosis and thrombotic complications, which are two important events responsible for the onset and progression of cardiovascular disease. In the context of managing dyslipidemia by means of dietary advice based on the consumption of argan oil, we wanted to investigate the effect of virgin argan oil on plasma lipids, and for the first time, on the platelet hyperactivation and oxidative status associated with dyslipidemia. This study concerns patients recruited in the area of Rabat in Morocco.
Postprandial oxidative stress is increased after a phytonutrient-poor food but not after a kilojoule-matched phytonutrient-rich food; Research indicates that energy-dense foods increase inflammation and oxidative activity, thereby contributing to the development of vascular disease. However, it is not clear whether the high kilojoule load alone, irrespective of the nutritional content of the ingested food, produces the postprandial oxidative and inflammatory activity. This study investigated the hypothesis that ingestion of a high-fat, high-sugar, phytonutrient-reduced food (ice cream) would increase oxidative and inflammatory activity greater than a kilojoule-equivalent meal of a phytonutrient-rich whole food (avocado). The individual contributions of the fat/protein and sugar components of the ice cream meal to postprandial inflammation and oxidative stress were also quantified. Using a randomized, crossover design, 11 healthy participants ingested 4 test meals: ice cream, avocado, the fat/protein component in ice cream, and the sugar equivalent component in ice cream. Plasma glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, and inflammatory and oxidative stress markers were measured at baseline and 1, 2, and 4 hours (t1, t2, t4) after ingestion. Lipid peroxidation was increased at 2 hours after eating fat/protein (t0-t2, P <.05) and sugar (t1-t2, P <.05; t1-t4, P <.05). Antioxidant capacity was decreased at 4 hours after eating ice cream (t0-t4, P <.01) and sugar (t0-t4, P <.01). Ingestion of a ldlojoule-equivalent avocado meal did not produce any changes in either inflammatory or oxidative stress markers. These data indicate that the ingestion of a phytonutrient-poor food and its individual fat/protein or sugar components increase plasma oxidative activity. This is not observed after ingestion of a kilojoule-equivalent phytonutrient-rich food. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Modulation of human intestinal microbiota in a clinical trial by consumption of a β-d-glucan-enriched extract obtained from <i>Lentinula edodes</i>; Purpose The aim of this study was to evaluate the hypocholesterolemic, immune- and microbiota-modulatory effect of a mushroom extract in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Methods A randomized, controlled, double-blind, and parallel clinical trial was carried out with subjects from 18 to 65 years old (n = 52) with untreated mild hypercholesterolemia. Volunteers consumed a beta-d-glucan-enriched (BGE) mixture (10.4 g/day) obtained from shiitake mushrooms (Lentinula edodes) ensuring a 3.5 g/day of fungal beta-d-glucans or a placebo incorporated in three different commercial creams. Results This mixture showed hypocholesterolemic activities in vitro and in animal studies. After eight weeks intervention, no significant differences in lipid- or cholesterol-related parameters were found compared to placebo subjects as well as before and after the BGE mixture administration. No inflammatory or immunomodulatory responses were noticed and no changes in IL-1 beta, IL-6, TNF-alpha or oxLDL were recorded. However, consumption of the BGE mixture was safe and managed to achieve the dietary fibre intake recommended as cardiovascular protective diet. Moreover, the BGE mixture modulated the colonic microbiota differently compared to placebo. Microbial community composition varied from before to after the intervention with several genera being positively or negatively correlated with some biomarkers related to cholesterol metabolism. Conclusion These results suggested a relation between cholesterol metabolism, microbiota and BGE administration. Nevertheless, the precise significance of this differential modulation was not fully elucidated and requires further studies.
Increased protein intake affects pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) processing, immune function and IGF signaling in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of home-dwelling old subjects using a genome-wide gene expression approach; Background Adequate protein intake among older adults is associated with better health outcomes such as immune function and metabolic regulation of skeletal muscle, but conflicting results make it difficult to define the optimal intake. To further understand the impact of protein intake on metabolic processes, the aim of the study was to explore genome-wide gene expression changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) in home-dwelling old subjects after increased protein intake for 12 weeks. Method In a parallel double-blind randomized controlled intervention study, subjects (>= 70 years) received a protein-enriched milk (2 x 20 g protein/day, n = 14, mean (+/- SD) age 76.9 +/- 4.9 years) or an isocaloric carbohydrate drink (n = 17, mean (+/- SD) age 77.7 +/- 4.8 years) for breakfast and evening meal for 12 weeks. PBMCs were isolated before and after the intervention. Microarray analysis was performed using Illumina technology. Serum levels of gut peptides and insulin growth factor (IGF)-1 were also measured. Results In total 758 gene transcripts were regulated after increased protein intake, and 649 gene transcripts were regulated after intake of carbohydrates (p < 0.05). Forty-two of these genes were overlapping. After adjusting for multiple testing, 27 of the 758 gene transcripts were regulated (FDR, q-value < 0.25) after protein intake. Of these 25 were upregulated and two downregulated. In particular, genes and signaling pathways involved in pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) processing, immune function, and IGF signaling were significantly altered. Conclusions PBMCs can be used to study gene expression changes after long-term protein intake, as many signaling pathways were regulated after increased protein intake. The functional significance of these findings needs to be further investigated.
Effects of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic subjects: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Inulin has been shown to be an effective therapeutic for reducing total serum cholesterol and triglycerides in clinical trials with modest sample sizes. A systematic literature search of several databases was conducted for studies that investigated the efficacy of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of subjects. A random-effects model was used to calculate the weighted mean difference and 95% CI as the difference between the mean for the inulin and control groups. The pooled mean net changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C and triglycerides of hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic subjects with inulin compared with controls were calculated. The results indicate that a diet rich in inulin has beneficial effects on total cholesterol and LDL-C, as well as triglyceride concentration in the plasma of hyperlipidemic subjects, and has no effects on plasma lipids in normolipidemic subjects.
Effect on bone anabolic markers of daily cheese intake with and without vitamin K<sub>2</sub>: a randomised clinical trial; Background Daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg cheese has been shown to increase the total serum osteocalcin (tOC). Is this a general cheese effect or specific for Jarlsberg containing vitamin K-2 and 1,4-dihydroxy-2naphtoic acid (DHNA)?Methods 66 healthy female volunteers (HV) were recruited. By skewed randomisation (3:2), 41 HV were allocated to daily intake of 57 g Jarlsberg (J-group) and 25-50 g Camembert (C-group) in 6 weeks. After 6 weeks the C-group was switched to Jarlsberg. The study duration was 12 weeks with clinical investigations every 6 weeks. The main variables were procollagen type 1 N-terminal propeptide (PINP), tOC, carboxylated osteocalcin (cOC) and the osteocalcin ratio (R-O) defined as the ratio between cOC and undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC). Serum cross-linked C-telopeptide type I collagen (CTX), vitamin K-2, lipids and clinical chemistry were used as secondary variables.Results PINP, tOC, cOC, R-O and vitamin K-2 increased significantly (p<0.01) after 6 weeks in the J-group. PINP remained unchanged in the C-group. The other variables decreased slightly in the C-group but increased significantly (p <= 0.05) after switching to Jarlsberg. No CTX-changes detected in neither of the groups.Serum lipids increased slightly in both groups. Switching to Jarlsberg, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol were significantly reduced (p <= 0.05). Glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), Ca++ and Mg++ were significantly reduced in the J-group, but unchanged in the C-group. Switching to Jarlsberg, HbA1c and Ca++ decreased significantly.Conclusion The effect of daily Jarlsberg intake on increased s-osteocalcin level is not a general cheese effect. Jarlsberg contain vitamin K-2 and DHNA which increases PINP, tOC, cOC and R-O and decreases Ca++, Mg++ and HbA1c. These effects reflect increased bone anabolism and a possible reduced risk of adverse metabolic outcomes.
Diet and Dyslipidemias in a Lithuanian Rural Population Aged 25-64: the CINDI Survey; The aim of the study was to evaluate the dietary intake of a Lithuanian rural population and to assess the relationship between diet and dyslipidemias.
Lipid lowering effect of <i>Cinnamomum zeylanicum</i> in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits; The purpose of the present study was to investigate the lipid lowering effect of Cinnamomum zeylanicum (Cinnamon) in hyperlipidaemic albino rabbits. For this purpose, forty eight albino rabbits were randomly divided into eight equal groups; untreated control on normal routine feed, untreated control on butter and cholesterol, treated control on synthetic cholesterol lowering drug simvastatin (Tablet survive (R) 20 mg), three treated groups on three respective doses of C. zeylanicum bark powder and two treated groups on water and methanol extracts of C. zeylanicum bark powder. Butter ad lib and cholesterol powder 500 mg/kg body weight were used to induce experimental hyperlipidaemia in all groups except untreated control group. The results suggested that C. zeylanicum bark powder at the rate of 0.50 g/kg, 0.75 g/kg and methanol extract equivalent to 0.75 g/kg powder produced respective percent reductions in total lipids by 45, 49 and 64; triglycerides by 38, 53 and 60; total cholesterol by 53, 64 and 69 and LDL-cholesterol by 50, 59 and 62. However, at these dosage levels HDL-cholesterol showed respective percent increase of 42, 48 and 53. Nonetheless, C. zeylanicum bark powder at the level of 0.25g/kg and C. zeylanicum extract in water could not significantly reduce lipid profile indicators. Based on these studies, it can safely be said that C. zeylanicum bark powder methanol extract equivalent to 0.75g/kg bark powder and simvastatin (0.6 mg/kg b. wt.) were equieffective in treating hyperlipidaemia.
Use of phytosterol-fortified foods to improve LDL cholesterol levels: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: The main objective was to assess if foods fortified with phytosterols (PS), including plant sterols and plant stanols, reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations. The secondary objective was to determine the impact of different factors related to PS administration. Data synthesis: The search was carried out in MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science, Scopus and The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) databases up to March 2023. The metaanalysis was registered in the PROSPERO database (CRD42021236952). From a total of 223 studies, 125 were included. On average, PS lowered LDL-C 0.55 mmol/L [95% confidence interval (CI) Z 10.82-12.67], and this decrease was significantly maintained for all analysed subgroups. A greater reduction in LDL-C levels was detected in relation to a higher daily PS dosage. The food format "Bread, biscuits, cereals", conditioned a lower decrease of 0.14 mmol/L (95%CI -8.71 to -2.16) in LDL-C levels, compared to the predominant food format group of "butter, margarine, spreads". No significant differences were detected with the other subgroups (treatment duration, intake pattern, number of daily intakes and concomitant statin treatment). Conclusion: The present meta-analysis supported that the use of PS-fortified foods had a beneficial effect on LDL-C lowering. In addition, it was observed that the factors that influence a decline LDL-C levels were PS dose as well as the food format in which they were consumed. & COPY; 2023 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Oral stimulation influences postprandial triacylglycerol concentrations in humans: Nutrient specificity; Objective: To determined whether the nature of the lipid in an oral stimulus modifies postprandial triacylglycerolemia,
Daily protein supplementation attenuates immobilization-induced blunting of postabsorptive muscle mTORC1 activation in middle-aged men; Disuse-induced muscle atrophy is accompanied by a blunted postprandial response of the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) pathway. Conflicting observations exist as to whether postabsorptive mTORC1 pathway activation is also blunted by disuse and plays a role in atrophy. It is unknown whether changes in habitual protein intake alter mTORC1 regulatory proteins and how they may contribute to the development of anabolic resistance. The primary objective of this study was to characterize the downstream responsiveness of skeletal muscle mTORC1 activation and its upstream regulatory factors, following 14 days of lower limb disuse in middle-aged men (45-60 yr). The participants were further randomized to receive daily supplementation of 20 g/d of protein (n = 12; milk protein concentrate) or isocaloric carbohydrate placebo (n = 13). Immobilization reduced postabsorptive skeletal muscle phosphorylation of the mTORC1 downstream targets, 4E-BP1, P70S6K, and ribosomal protein S6 (RPS6), with phosphorylation of the latter two decreasing to a greater extent in the placebo, compared with the protein supplementation groups (37% +/- 13% vs. 14% +/- 11% and 38% +/- 20% vs. 25% +/- 8%, respectively). Sestrin2 protein was also downregulated following immobilization irrespective of supplement group, despite a corresponding increase in its mRNA content. This decrease in Sestrin2 protein was negatively correlated with the immobilization-induced change in the in silico-predicted regulator miR-23b3p. No other measured upstream proteins were altered by immobilization or supplementation. Immobilization downregulated postabsorptive mTORC1 pathway activation, and 20 g/day of protein supplementation attenuated the decrease in phosphorylation of targets regulating muscle protein synthesis.
DASH Dietary Pattern and Cardiometabolic Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; Background: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern, which emphasizes fruit, vegetables, fat-free/low-fat dairy, whole grains, nuts and legumes, and limits saturated fat, cholesterol, red and processed meats, sweets, added sugars, salt and sugar-sweetened beverages, is widely recommended by international diabetes and heart association guidelines. Objective: To summarize the available evidence for the update of the European Association of the Study of Diabetes (EASD) guidelines, we conducted an umbrella review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach of the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiovascular disease and other cardiometabolic outcomes in prospective cohort studies and its effect on blood pressure and other cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials in individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched through 3 January 2019. We included systematic reviews and meta-analyses assessing the relation of the DASH dietary pattern with cardiometabolic disease outcomes in prospective cohort studies and the effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized and non-randomized controlled trials. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed the risk of bias of individual studies. The primary outcome was incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the prospective cohort studies and systolic blood pressure in the controlled trials. Secondary outcomes included incident coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes in prospective cohort studies and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in controlled trials. If the search did not identify an existing systematic review and meta-analysis on a pre-specified outcome, then we conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis. The evidence was summarized as risk ratios (RR) for disease incidence outcomes and mean differences (MDs) for risk factor outcomes with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). The certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: We identified three systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 15 unique prospective cohort studies (n = 942,140) and four systematic reviews and meta-analyses of 31 unique controlled trials (n = 4,414) across outcomes. We conducted our own systematic review and meta-analysis of 2 controlled trials (n = 65) for HbA1c. The DASH dietary pattern was associated with decreased incident cardiovascular disease (RR, 0.80 (0.76-0.85)), coronary heart disease (0.79 (0.71-0.88)), stroke (0.81 (0.72-0.92)), and diabetes (0.82 (0.74-0.92)) in prospective cohort studies and decreased systolic (MD, -5.2 mmHg (95% CI, -7.0 to -3.4)) and diastolic (-2.60 mmHg (-3.50 to -1.70)) blood pressure, Total-C (-0.20 mmol/L (-0.31 to -0.10)), LDL-C (-0.10 mmol/L (-0.20 to -0.01)), HbA1c (-0.53% (-0.62, -0.43)), fasting blood insulin (-0.15 U/mL (-0.22 to -0.08)), and body weight (-1.42 kg (-2.03 to -0.82)) in controlled trials. There was no effect on HDL-C, triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, HOMA-IR, or CRP. The certainty of the evidence was moderate for SBP and low for CVD incidence and ranged from very low to moderate for the secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence allows for the conclusion that the DASH dietary pattern is associated with decreased incidence of cardiovascular disease and improves blood pressure with evidence of other cardiometabolic advantages in people with and without diabetes.
The influence of maternal dietary fat on the fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism in the subcutaneous fat of progeny pigs; To-investigate the influence of maternal dietary fat intake on the fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism of progeny subcutaneous fat (SQ), fourteen sows were randomly assigned to a control or high fat (HF) group which received a diet containing 8% corn oil starting seven days before farrowing until weaning. The results showed the fatty acid composition in progeny SQ at weaning age generally demonstrated a similar pattern with the sow milk. However, this pattern was not observed at the finishing stage. The stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 mRNA and protein levels in the progeny SQ of the HF group decreased at both sampling stages when compared with controls. The study demonstrated that maternal dietary fat during lactation significantly affected the fatty acid composition of progeny SQ at the weaning stage, yet no obvious lasting effect was observed in progeny SQ at the finishing stage. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Variable effects of soy protein on plasma lipids in hyperlipidemic and normalipidemic hemodialysis patients; Background: Hyperlipidemic factors contribute to the high cardiovascular risk in hemodialysis patients. Soy protein has decreased some atherogenic lipid concentrations in subjects with normal renal function. This study evaluates the effect of soy protein on serum lipid profiles in hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic hemodialysis patients. Methods: Nineteen hyperlipidemic and 18 normolipidemic hemodialysis patients were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, clinical trial. After a 4-week run-in phase, subjects in each category were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Thirty grams of isolated soy protein or milk protein was consumed daily as a beverage at breakfast or postdialysis for 12 weeks. Results: In hyperlipidemic subjects, soy protein intake significantly decreased total cholesterol levels by 18.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], -11.4 to -25.8; P = 0.04), triglyceride levels by 43.1% (95% Cl, -34.0 to -52.2; P = 0.02), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels by 23.6% (95% Cl, -14.7 to -32.5; P < 0.01), apolipoprotein B levels by 15.4% (95% Cl, -5.4 to -25.4; P = 0.01), and insulin levels by 49.8% (95% Cl, -23.3 to -66.1; P < 0.01). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was decreased significantly (-25.8%; 95% Cl, -8.3 to -42.7; P = 0.01), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was increased significantly (17%; 95% Cl, 2 to 32.0; P = 0.03), but there was no significant difference compared with the milk protein group (-5.5% 16.9% and 7.0% 11.8%, respectively). There were no significant changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in normolipidemic subjects. Conclusion: These results indicate soy protein substitution has lipid-lowering effects in hyperlipidemic hemodialysis patients. However, soy protein intake had little effect on plasma lipid levels in normolipidemic hemodialysis patients.
Blood Glucose Response of a Low-Carbohydrate Oral Nutritional Supplement with Isomaltulose and Soluble Dietary Fiber in Individuals with Prediabetes: A Randomized, Single-Blind Crossover Trial; A high-energy-type oral dietary supplement (ONS), with a low proportion of available carbohydrate (LC-ONS), which contains a slowly digestible carbohydrate, isomaltulose, and is fortified with soluble dietary fiber, was newly developed for individuals with diabetes or prediabetes. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of LC-ONS on blood glucose levels after ingestion in individuals with prediabetes. A single-blind, randomized crossover clinical trial was performed on 20 individuals with prediabetes. After overnight fasting, all subjects ingested one serving (200 kcal/125 mL) of either LC-ONS (40% energy proportion of available carbohydrates) or standard ONS (ST-ONS, 54% energy proportion of available carbohydrates) on two separate days. The incremental area under the curve of blood glucose levels for 120 min was significantly lower after LC-ONS ingestion compared to ST-ONS (2207 +/- 391 mg/dL center dot min (least mean square value +/- standard error) and 3735 +/- 391 mg/dL center dot min, respectively; p < 0.001). The LC-ONS showed significantly lower blood glucose levels than the ST-ONS at all time points, except at baseline. Similarly, the incremental area under the curve of plasma insulin was significantly lower after LC-ONS ingestion. These results suggest that LC-ONS is useful as an ONS for energy supply in individuals with postprandial hyperglycemia.
Effects of vitamin D-fortified yogurt in comparison to oral vitamin D supplement on hyperlipidemia in pre-diabetic patients: A randomized clinical trial; In this study, the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt consumption and oral vitamin D supplementation on serum lipid profile in pre-diabetic patients with hyperlipidemia was investigated. This study was performed on 60 pre-diabetes patients who were randomly divided into two groups: group A (recipient of fortified yogurt with 1000 IU vitamin D) and group B (recipient of oral vitamin D supplement in a dose of 1000 IU) for three months. The mean serum level of 25(OH) D-3 was increased significantly in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and the oral supplement group (p < 0.001). The within-group analysis of lipid indices showed a significant reduction in the mean serum triglyceride levels in the fortified yogurt group (P = 0.001) and oral supplement group (P < 0.001), Also, showed a significant reduction in mean serum total cholesterol, LDL-C (P < 0.001) and HDL-C (P = 0.01) in both groups. The between-group comparison analysis of mean lipid indices changes showed that serum level of Triglyceride in oral supplement group were significantly more than fortified yogurt group (P = 0.03). Yogurt fortification with vitamin D could be suitable strategy to reduce the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and consequently to improve the serum lipid profile in hyperlipidemic individuals.
Orally administered zingerone does not mitigate alcohol-induced hepatic oxidative stress in growing Sprague Dawley rat pups; Neonatal alcohol exposure (NAE) can induce oxidative stress. We determined whether zingerone (ZO), a phytochemical with anti-oxidant activity, can mitigate the negative impact of neonatal alcohol-induced oxidative stress. Seventy ten-day-old Sprague-Dawley rat pups (35 male, 35 female) were randomly assigned and administered the following treatment regimens daily from postnatal day (PND) 12-21: group 1 - nutritive milk (NM), group 2 - NM +1 g/kg ethanol (Eth), group 3 - NM + 40 mg/kg ZO, group 4 - NM + Eth + ZO. Growth performance, blood glucose and plasma triglycerides (TGs), total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, leptin and insulin concentration were determined. Cytochrome p450E21(CYP2E1) and thiobarbituric acid (TBARS); markers of hepatic oxidative stress and catalase, superoxide dismutase (SOD) and total glutathione (GSH), anti-oxidant markers of the pups were determined. Oral administration of ethanol (NM + Eth), zingerone (NM + ZO) and combined ethanol and zingerone (NM + Eth + ZO) did not affect the growth performance and insulin and leptin concentration of the rats (p > 0.05). Ethanol significantly reduced plasma TGs concentration of female rats (p = 0.04 vs control). However, ethanol and/or its combination with zingerone decreased hepatic GSH (p = 0.02 vs control) and increased CYP2E1 (p = 0.0002 vs control) activity in male rat pups. Zingerone had no effect (p > 0.05 vs control) on the rats' CYP2E1, GSH, SOD and catalase activities. Neonatal alcohol administration elicited hepatic oxidative stress in male rat pups only, showing sexual dimorphism. Zingerone (NM + ZO) prevented an increase in CYP2E1 activity and a decrease in GSH concentration but did not prevent the alcohol-induced hepatic oxidative stress in the male rat pups.
Daily Consumption of Chocolate Rich in Flavonoids Decreases Cellular Genotoxicity and Improves Biochemical Parameters of Lipid and Glucose Metabolism; In recent years, the incidence of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes has increased largely worldwide. In the present work, we evaluated the genoprotective effect of the consumption of flavonoids-rich chocolate on 84 young volunteers. Biochemical indicators related to the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular risk and metabolic syndrome were also determined. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was performed in the Autonomous University of Baja California. The treatments comprised the daily consumption of either 2 g of dark chocolate containing 70% cocoa, or 2 g of milk chocolate, for 6 months. The total amount of phenolic compounds and flavonoids was determined in both types of chocolate. Anthropometrical and Biochemical parameters were recorded prior to and after the study. The evaluation of the genotoxicity in buccal epithelial cells was performed throughout the duration of the study. Flavonoids from cocoa in dark chocolate significantly prevented DNA damage, and improved the nucleus integrity of cells. This effect could be related to the antioxidant capacity of the dark chocolate that decreased cellular stress. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, triglycerides, and LDL-cholesterol level in blood) and anthropometrical parameters (waist circumference) were improved after six months of daily intake of 2 g of dark chocolate with a 70% of cocoa.
Body mass interacts with fat quality to determine the postprandial lipoprotein response in healthy young adults; Background and aims: Postprandial lipemia predicts the evolution of cardiovascular disease. Obesity is associated with an increase in the magnitude of postprandial lipemia. Our objective was to evaluate the influence of body mass index (BMI) on the effects of acute ingestion of different types of fat on the postprandial lipemic response.
Phytosterols Supplementation Reduces Endothelin-1 Plasma Concentration in Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Individuals Independently of Their Cholesterol-Lowering Properties; Experimental and clinical studies have demonstrated the effect of phytosterols (PS) on reducing plasma levels of cholesterol and LDL-c, but the effects of plant sterols beyond cholesterol-lowering are still questionable. Since inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis, this study aims to evaluate the effect of PS on biomarkers involved in atherosclerosis progression and whether these effects are independent of alterations in plasma LDL-c levels. Thirty-eight moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers (58 +/- 12 years; LDL-c >= 130 mg/dL) were randomly assigned to consume 400 mL/day of soy milk or soy milk + PS (1.6 g/day) for 4 weeks in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study. Blood samples were collected and lipid profiles and biomarkers for inflammation and endothelial dysfunction determined. The results showed that PS treatment reduced endothelin-1 plasma concentration by 11% (p = 0.02) independently of variations in plasma levels of LDL-c. No alterations were observed regarding fibrinogen, IL-6, hs-CRP, SAA, TNF alpha, or VCAM-1 between placebo and PS-treated groups. Furthermore, PS reduced total plasma cholesterol concentration (-5,5%, p < 0.001), LDL-c (-6.4%, p < 0.05), triglycerides (-8.3%, p < 0.05), and apo B (-5.3%, p < 0.05), without changing HDL-c concentration (p > 0.05). Therefore, PS supplementation effectively lowers endothelin-1 independently of the reductions in plasma levels of LDL-c, contributing to the comprehension of the effect of plant sterols on endothelial function and prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Lupin protein positively affects plasma LDL cholesterol and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio in hypercholesterolemic adults after four weeks of supplementation: a randomized, controlled crossover study; Background: A couple of studies indicate a favorable impact of lupin protein on cardiovascular risk factors in humans. These studies, however, used relatively high doses of >33 g/d, which can hardly be consumed under physiological conditions. Therefore, we investigated the effect of 25 g/d lupin protein isolate (LPI) on selected cardiovascular markers and on serum amino acids.
Gene expression is differentially regulated in skeletal muscle and circulating immune cells in response to an acute bout of high-load strength exercise; Background: High-intensity exercise induces many metabolic responses. In is unknown whether the response in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) reflects the response in skeletal muscle and whether mRNA expression after exercise can be modulated by nutritional intake. The aims were to (i) investigate the effect of dairy proteins on acute responses to exercise in skeletal muscle and PBMCs measuring gene expression and (ii) compare this response in young and older subjects.
Impact of a Short-Term Naturopathic Whole-Foods-Based Nutrition Education Intervention on Dietary Behavior and Diabetes Risk Markers: A Pilot Study; Objective: To assess the feasibility of measuring the health impacts of a 12-week naturopathic whole foods nutrition education course among adults with or at risk for prediabetes.
Overfeeding energy upregulates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (<i>PPAR</i>)y-controlled adipogenic and lipolytic gene networks but does not affect proinflammatory markers in visceral and subcutaneous adipose depots of Holstein cows; Our objective was to determine the effects of overfeeding energy on gene expression in mesenteric (MAT), omental (OAT), and subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissue (AT) from nonpregnant and nonlactating Holstein cows. Eighteen cows were randomly assigned to either a low energy [LE, net energy for lactation (NEL) = 1.35 Mcal/kg of dry matter (DM)] or high energy (HE, NEL = 1.62 Mcal/kg of DM) diets for 8 wk. Cows were then euthanized and subsamples of MAT, OAT, and SAT were harvested for transcript profiling via quantitative PCR of 34 genes involved in lipogenesis, triacylglycerol (TAG) synthesis, lipolysis, lactate signaling, transcription regulation, and inflammation. The interaction of dietary energy and AT depot was only significant for LPL, which indicated a consistent response among the 3 sites. The expression of key genes related to de novo fatty acid synthesis (FASN) and desaturation (SCD) was upregulated by HE compared with LE. Other genes associated with those processes, such as ACLY, ACACA, ELOVL6, FABP4, GPAM, and LPIN1, were numerically upregulated by HE. The expression of lipolytic (PNPLA2 and ABHD5) genes was upregulated and the antilypolytic lactate receptor HCAR1 was downregulated with HE compared with LE. The putative transcription regulator THRSP was upregulated and the transcription regulator PPARG tended to be upregulated by HE, whereas SREBF1 was downregulated. Among adipocytokines, HE tended to upregulate the expression of CCL2, whereas IL6R was downregulated. Overall, results indicated that overfeeding energy may increase AT mass at least in part by stimulating transcription of the network encompassing key genes associated with de novo synthesis. In response to energy overfeeding, the expression of PPARG rather than SREBF1 was closely associated with most adipogenic or lipogenic genes. However, the transcriptional activity of these regulators needs to be verified to confirm their role in the regulation of adipogenesis or lipogenesis in bovine AT. Overfeeding energy also may predispose cows to greater lipolytic potential by stimulating expression of TAG hydrolysis genes while inhibiting signaling via hydroxycarboxylic acid receptor (HCAR1), which is a novel antilipolytic regulator. Our results do not support an overt inflammatory response in adipose tissues in response to an 8-wk energy overfeeding.
Nutrimiromics: Role of microRNAs and Nutrition in Modulating Inflammation and Chronic Diseases; Nutrimiromics studies the influence of the diet on the modification of gene expression due to epigenetic processes related to microRNAs (miRNAs), which may affect the risk for the development of chronic diseases. miRNAs are a class of non-coding endogenous RNA molecules that are usually involved in post-transcriptional gene silencing by inducing mRNA degradation or translational repression by binding to a target messenger RNA. They can be controlled by environmental and dietary factors, particularly by isolated nutrients or bioactive compounds, indicating that diet manipulation may hold promise as a therapeutic approach in modulating the risk of chronic diseases. This review summarizes the evidence regarding the influence of nutrients and bioactive compounds on the expression of miRNAs related to inflammation and chronic disease in several models (cell culture, animal models, and human trials).
Effects of magnesium on postprandial serum lipid responses in healthy human subjects; Postprandial hyperlipidaemia has been recognised to be a risk factor for atherosclerosis development. Epidemiological and animal studies have shown that Mg intake is inversely associated with some risk factors of atherosclerosis, including lipid metabolism. The present study was performed to determine the effects of Mg supplementation on postprandial responses in serum lipid levels. We used bittern (Nigari, in Japanese), a natural MgCl2 Solution from sea or salt lake water, for Mg Supplementation. In it two-way, randomised, crossover study, sixteen healthy male Volunteers consumed 30g butter with or without 5 ml bittern containing 500 mg of Mg. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were taken 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after ingestion. Postprandial lipid responses were evaluated by serum TAG, chylomicron TAG, apo-B48, remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) and NEFA concentrations. We found that the serum and the chylomicron TAG responses after the fat load were reduced and delayed by Mg supplementation. The concentrations of apo-B48 (P<0.05), RLP-C (P<0.05) and NEFA (P<0.05) were significantly lower at 2 h after the fat-with-Mg meal compared with the fat-only meal. The present study indicated that Mg. supplementation could inhibit fat absorption and improve postprandial hyperlipidaemia in healthy subjects.
Realistic intake of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product increases HDL-cholesterol without inducing anthropometric changes in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects; To assess whether antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other cardio-protective effects attributed to cocoa are achieved when regularly consuming moderate amounts of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product, a non-randomized, controlled, crossover, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n = 24; 25.9 +/- 5.6 years) and moderately hypercholesterolemic (200-240 mg dL(-1); n = 20; 30.0 +/- 10.3 years) volunteers. Participants consumed two servings per day (7.5 g per serving) of a soluble cocoa product (providing 45.3 mg flavanols per day) in milk, which was compared with consuming only milk during a 4 week period. The effects on systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were determined, as well as on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles, interleukins (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), vascular (VCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecules (ICAM-1), serum malondialdehyde (MDA), carbonyl groups (CG), ferric reducing/antioxidant power (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), and free radical scavenging capacity (ABTS). During the study, the volunteers' diets and physical activity were also evaluated; as well as any changes in weight, skin folds, circumferences and related anthropometric parameters. Cocoa and certain polyphenol-rich fruits and vegetables and their derivatives were restricted. After consuming the cocoa product positive effects were observed such as an increase in serum HDL-C (p < 0.001) and dietary fiber intake (p = 0.050), whereas IL-10 decreased (p = 0.022). Other cardiovascular-related biomarkers and anthropometric parameters were unaffected. We have therefore concluded that regular consumption of this cocoa product in a Spanish-Mediterranean diet may protect against cardiovascular disease in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects without producing any weight gain or other anthropometric changes.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> N1115 on dyslipidaemia: A randomized controlled study; Probiotics could improve our health by balancing the gut microbiota or interacting with intestinal mucosa directly. This randomized, single-blind, controlled intervention study purposed to explore the effects of Lacto-bacillus paracasei N1115 (LP N1115) on dyslipidaemia. A total of 109 dyslipidaemia subjects were recruited and divided randomly into two groups: 52 subjects in probiotics group and 57 subjects in placebo group. Blood samples were collected to test serum lipid parameters. Fecal samples were collected to analyze the gut microbiota by Illumina Miseq sequence machine. Administration of 4 x 10(10) CFU/day LP N1115 for 12 weeks was found to improve dyslipidaemia profiles by lowering serum total cholesterol (TC) (P = 0.028) and apolipoprotein B (Apo-B) (P = 0.028). A significant decrease in FPG was also found in probiotic group (P = 0.001). The Chao1 index increased significantly in probiotic group after intervention (P < 0.01), which did not happen in placebo group. Shannon Index increased and Simpson index decreased significantly between groups at week 12 (P < 0.001). The relative abundance of Alistipes spp. and Fusobacterium spp. decreased significantly, and the relative abundance of Faecalibacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. increased significantly in placebo group. The relative abundance of Megamonas spp. Faecalibacterium spp. and Lactobacillus spp. increased significantly, the relative abundance of Bacteroides spp. and Phascolarctobacterium spp. decreased significantly in probiotic group. However, the overall gut microbial structure did not change significantly from the view of Principal coordinates analysis (PCoA) of Bray-Curtis distance in probiotic group. The above results showed that LP N1115 might have the potential to regulate metabolic disorders such as TC, LDL-C and FPG, and also increased some of the abundance and diversity index of gut microbiota in dyslipidemias population. However, the evidence is not strong enough. Larger sample size and longer intervention period are needed to verify the efficacy of LP N1115. The mechanism is still vague and will need further well-designed studies to clarify.
Application of red pigment producing edible fungi for development of a novel type of functional cheese; To develop a novel type of functional cheese, nine strains of edible fungi, Monascus sp. were cultured on whey protein-based solid medium and screened in terms of secondary metabolite production including red pigments, lovastatin, and citrinin. The amount of these metabolites in culture products depended not only on the strain, but also on the pH and temperature environment. The strain of M. ruber NBRC 32318 was selected because it produced red pigments and lovastatin with negligible amount of citrinin. After incubation at 25 degrees C for 10 days with initial pH condition of 4.0, the culture products were mixed with cheese curds, followed by ripening for 3 months at 11.5 degrees C. Higher level of water-soluble nitrogen was recognized in the culture products containing cheese compared to control cheese. Practical applications For cheese making, diverse microorganisms have been used. However, there have been limited trials on the development of dairy products using red pigment producing Monascus species used for fermented rice in the Eastern Asia for more than 1,000 years. Using whey protein base solid substrate, we selected suitable Monascus strain and defined the culture condition that provided nephrotoxin citrinin-free and functional metabolite of lovastatin-containing culture products, which were mixed with fresh cheese curds for ripening. In the resulting red mold cheese, proteolysis was accelerated with no bitter flavor and rancid. Although further assessments concerning health benefits by animal studies and cheese quality by sensory evaluation are necessary to be commercialized as a novel type of functional cheese, this study provides fundamental information regarding screening of suitable strains with its appropriate culture condition on whey protein solid substrate, focusing on biotechnological, and chemical respects to ensure food safety.
Optimum nutritional strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention and rehabilitation (BACPR); Nutrition has a central role in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease yet only relatively recently has food been regarded as a treatment, rather than as an adjunct to established medical and pharmacotherapy. As a field of research, nutrition science is constantly evolving making it difficult for patients and practitioners to ascertain best practice. This is compounded further by the inherent difficulties in performing double-blind randomised controlled trials. This paper covers dietary patterns that are associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes, including the Mediterranean Diet but also low-carbohydrate diets and the potential issues encountered with their implementation. We suggest there must be a refocus away from macronutrients and consideration of whole foods when advising individuals. This approach is fundamental to practice, as clinical guidelines have focused on macronutrients without necessarily considering their source, and ultimately people consume foods containing multiple nutrients. The inclusion of food-based recommendations aids the practitioner to help the patient make genuine and meaningful changes in their diet. We advocate that the cardioprotective diet constructed around the traditional Mediterranean eating pattern (based around vegetables and fruits, nuts, legumes, and unrefined cereals, with modest amounts of fish and shellfish, and fermented dairy products) is still important. However, there are other approaches that can be tried, including low-carbohydrate diets. We encourage practitioners to adopt a flexible dietary approach, being mindful of patient preferences and other comorbidities that may necessitate deviations away from established advice, and advocate for more dietitians in this field to guide the multi-professional team.
Effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on hyperlipidaemia; Purpose Fatalities due to heart and cerebrovascular diseases caused by uncontrolled hyperlipidaemia increase every year; on the other hand, lipid-lowering drugs are known to cause side effects. The gut microbiota has been thoroughly investigated by researchers and consumers, because they have unique functional properties and littler side effects. However, the effects of the gut microbiota remain controversial. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess the effects of products designed to modulate the gut microbiota on various hyperlipidaemias.
Dietary calcium intake and hypertension risk: a dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; The association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension in the general population has not been established yet. We systematically searched PubMed and Scopus databases up to February 2018 to find prospective observational studies investigating the association of calcium intake with risk of developing hypertension. The reported risk estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Eight prospective cohort studies (248,398 participants and 30,838 cases) were included. Seven studies measured dietary calcium intake, but one study measured total calcium intake (calcium from food and supplements). A significant inverse association was found for the highest versus lowest category of calcium intake (relative risk: 0.89, 95%CI: 0.86, 0.93; I-2 = 0%, n = 8), and for each 500 mg/d increment (relative risk: 0.93, 95%CI: 0.90, 0.97; I-2 = 64%, n = 7). Summary results were the same with the main analyses when the analyses were restricted only to dietary calcium intake. A nonlinear dose-response meta-analysis exhibited a linear inverse association, with a somewhat steeper trend within the low and moderate intakes. In conclusion, higher dietary calcium intake, independent of adiposity and intake of other blood pressure-related minerals, is slightly associated with a lower risk of developing hypertension.
POSTPRANDIAL CHANGES IN PLATELET-FUNCTION AND COAGULATION-FACTORS AFTER HIGH-FAT MEALS WITH DIFFERENT FATTY-ACID COMPOSITIONS; Objective: To compare the postprandial effects of three oils differing in their fatty acid composition on platelet aggregation and coagulation. The oils studied were low-erucic acid rapeseed oil (RO, oleic acid 54% of fatty acids), sunflower oil (SO, linoleic acid 64% of fatty acids) and butter oil (BO, saturated fatty acids 62% of fatty acids).
Dietary fat and carbohydrate quality have independent effects on postprandial glucose and lipid responses; Purpose The magnitude of postprandial lipemia is influenced not only by the amount but also the type of fat and carbohydrate consumed. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in postprandial glucose and lipid responses after a mixed meal containing low-or high-glycemic-index (GI) carbohydrate and three different types of fat varying in the degree of saturation in healthy subjects.
Reversal of Small, Dense LDL Subclass Phenotype by Normalization of Adiposity; Excess adiposity and high-carbohydrate diets have been associated with an atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP) characterized by increased concentrations of small, dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles (pattern B). We tested whether weight loss and normalization of adiposity could reverse ALP in overweight men with pattern B. After consuming a moderate-carbohydrate, high-fat diet for 3 weeks, pattern B and nonpattern B (pattern A) men were randomized to a weight loss (n = 60 and n = 36, respectively) or control weight-stable arm (n = 20 and n = 17, respectively). Men in the weight loss arm consumed similar to 1,000 fewer calories per day over 9 weeks to induce an average similar to 9kg weight loss. In the control group, weight stability was maintained for 4 weeks after randomization. Weight loss led to the conversion of pattern B to pattern A in 58% of baseline pattern B men. Among men who achieved BMIs of <25kg/m(2) (62% of pattern B men vs. 83% of pattern A men), 81% of pattern B men converted to pattern A. Weight loss was associated with a significantly greater decrease in small, dense LDL subclass 3b in pattern B relative to pattern A men. The lipoprotein profiles of pattern A men who converted from pattern B were comparable to those of men with pattern A at baseline. Conversion of LDL subclass pattern B to pattern A and reversal of ALP can be achieved in a high proportion of overweight men by normalization of adiposity.
Nutraceutical approach for the management of cardiovascular risk - a combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and red yeast rice extract: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; BackgroundProbiotics incorporated into dairy products have been shown to reduce total (TC) and LDL cholesterolemia (LDL-C) in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia. More specifically, probiotics with high biliary salt hydrolase activity, e.g. Bifidobacterium longum BB536, may decrease TC and LDL-C by lowering intestinal cholesterol reabsorption and, combined with other nutraceuticals, may be useful to manage hypercholesterolemia in subjects with low cardiovascular (CV) risk. This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a nutraceutical combination containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536, red yeast rice (RYR) extract (10mg/day monacolin K), niacin, coenzyme Q10 (Lactoflorene Colesterolo (R)). The end-points were changes of lipid CV risk markers (LDL-C, TC, non-HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein B (ApoB), HDL-C, apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)), and of markers of cholesterol synthesis/absorption.MethodsA 12-week randomized, parallel, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Thirty-three subjects (18-70years) in primary CV prevention and low CV risk (SCORE: 0-1% in 24 and 2-4% in 9 subjects; LDL-C: 130-200mg/dL) were randomly allocated to either nutraceutical (N=16) or placebo (N=17).ResultsTwelve-week treatment with the nutraceutical combination, compared to placebo, significantly reduced TC (-16.7%), LDL-C (-25.7%), non-HDL-C (-24%) (all p<0.0001), apoB (-17%, p=0.003). TG, HDL-C, apoAI, Lp(a), PCSK9 were unchanged. Lathosterol:TC ratio was significantly reduced by the nutraceutical combination, while campesterol:TC ratio and sitosterol:TC ratio did not change, suggesting reduction of synthesis without increased absorption of cholesterol. No adverse effects and a 97% compliance were observed.ConclusionsA 12-week treatment with a nutraceutical combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and RYR extract significantly improved the atherogenic lipid profile and was well tolerated by low CV risk subjects.Trial registrationNCT02689934.
The solid fat content of stearic acid-rich fats determines their postprandial effects; Background: The process of randomization is used commercially to harden fats as an alternative to partial hydrogenation, but its effects on cardiovascular disease risk factors are uncertain.
Metformin inhibits mitochondrial adaptations to aerobic exercise training in older adults; Metformin and exercise independently improve insulin sensitivity and decrease the risk of diabetes. Metformin was also recently proposed as a potential therapy to slow aging. However, recent evidence indicates that adding metformin to exercise antagonizes the exercise-induced improvement in insulin sensitivity and cardiorespiratory fitness. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that metformin diminishes the improvement in insulin sensitivity and cardiorespiratory fitness after aerobic exercise training (AET) by inhibiting skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration and protein synthesis in older adults (62 +/- 1years). In a double-blinded fashion, participants were randomized to placebo (n=26) or metformin (n=27) treatment during 12weeks of AET. Independent of treatment, AET decreased fat mass, HbA1c, fasting plasma insulin, 24-hr ambulant mean glucose, and glycemic variability. However, metformin attenuated the increase in whole-body insulin sensitivity and VO(2)max after AET. In the metformin group, there was no overall change in whole-body insulin sensitivity after AET due to positive and negative responders. Metformin also abrogated the exercise-mediated increase in skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration. The change in whole-body insulin sensitivity was correlated to the change in mitochondrial respiration. Mitochondrial protein synthesis rates assessed during AET were not different between treatments. The influence of metformin on AET-induced improvements in physiological function was highly variable and associated with the effect of metformin on the mitochondria. These data suggest that prior to prescribing metformin to slow aging, additional studies are needed to understand the mechanisms that elicit positive and negative responses to metformin with and without exercise.
DIETARY LINOLEATE AND BLOOD-PRESSURE; Healthy volunteers (100 males and 61 females) were at random assigned to 2 dietary groups. Group A (81 participants) was given a balanced diet allowing a daily intake of 6 g of linoleic acid, group B was allowed 45 g of linoleic acid per day. The groups were quite homogeneous in their professional and economic status, the average age of the males was 45 .+-. 9, that of the females 47 .+-. 8 yr. They had normal blood pressure, normal cardiac status and no detectable circulatory disturbances. Persons  receiving medication were not accepted. A series of various parameters was studied before the start of the experiments and subsequently, 6 times in weekly intervals. Blood samples were taken before breakfast after a 12 h fast. The patients were divided into normolipemic groups and those belonging to types II and IV according to Fredrickson classification; the diets were carefully planned, they were repeatedly analyzed and were readily accepted by the participants. They caused no ill effects. During the hospitalization 4 persons belonging to group A and 9 of group B were excluded leaving 148 cases for final evaluation. No circulatory episodes (infarctions, strokes or peripheral arterial occlusions) or other complications occurred. For the statistical evaluation of the data nonparametric tests were used because it could not be assumed that the groups were normally constituted. The U test of Wilcoxon, Mann and Whitney and the Chi-square test with Yates'' correlation (n > 20) or that of Fisher (n < 20) was used. No decrease of blood pressures after the intake of the linoleic acid rich diet was observed. This was true when all patients belonging to the 2 groups were studied or when subgroups were formed in which participants with the same classification according to Fredrickson were included. In group B, the linoleic acid content of blood lipids was elevated but total cholesterol and apolipoprotein B were reduced. In the persons of Fredrickson type II of group B, the decrease in total serum cholesterol and apolipoprotein B was particularly outspoken. For the 0.1-0.2% of the adult population suffering from familiar hypercholesterolemia and the 3-5% afflicted with secondary hypercholesterolemia a serum cholesterol depressing effect can be expected from the administration of large amounts of linoleate. The results do not justify the replacement of animal fats (butter) by vegetable fats for the  majority of the population.
Effect of dietary cholesterol and plant sterol consumption on plasma lipid responsiveness and cholesterol trafficking in healthy individuals; Dietary cholesterol and plant sterols differentially modulate cholesterol kinetics and circulating cholesterol. Understanding how healthy individuals with their inherent variabilities in cholesterol trafficking respond to such dietary sterols will aid in improving strategies for effective cholesterol lowering and alleviation of CVD risk. The objectives of this study were to assess plasma lipid responsiveness to dietary cholesterol v. plant sterol consumption, and to determine the response in rates of cholesterol absorption and synthesis to each sterol using stable isotope approaches in healthy individuals. A randomised, double-blinded, crossover, placebo-controlled clinical trial (n 49) with three treatment phases of 4-week duration were conducted in a Manitoba Hutterite population. During each phase, participants consumed one of the three treatments as a milkshake containing 600 mg/d dietary cholesterol, 2 g/d plant sterols or a control after breakfast meal. Plasma lipid profile was determined and cholesterol absorption and synthesis were measured by oral administration of [3, 4-C-13] cholesterol and H-2-labelled water, respectively. Dietary cholesterol consumption increased total (0-16 (SEM 0-06) mmol/l, P=0-0179) and HDL-cholesterol (0-08 (SEM 0-03) mmol/l, P=0-0216) concentrations with no changes in cholesterol absorption or synthesis. Plant sterol consumption failed to reduce LDL-cholesterol concentrations despite showing a reduction (6 %, P = 0-0004) in cholesterol absorption. An over-compensatory reciprocal increase in cholesterol synthesis (36 %, P = 0-0026) corresponding to a small reduction in absorption was observed with plant sterol consumption, possibly resulting in reduced LDL-cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant sterols. These data suggest that inter-individual variability in cholesterol trafficking mechanisms may profoundly impact plasma lipid responses to dietary sterols in healthy individuals.
Intake occasion affects the serum cholesterol lowering of a plant sterol-enriched single-dose yoghurt drink in mildly hypercholesterolaemic subjects; Objective: To determine the impact of intake occasion ( with or without a meal), and product fat level on the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a plant sterol ( PS)-enriched ( 3 g/day) single-dose yoghurt drink.
High-Dose Isoflavones Do Not Improve Metabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Androgen-Deprived Men With Prostate Cancer; The profound hypogonadism that occurs with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer (PCa) results in complications such as diabetes and metabolic syndrome that predispose to cardiovascular disease. Because phytoestrogens have been associated with an improvement in metabolic parameters, we evaluated their role in men undergoing ADT. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory parameters in men undergoing ADT. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week pilot study. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste-matched placebo (20 g whole milk protein). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. Thirty-three men (isoflavones = 17, placebo = 16) undergoing ADT for PCa completed this pilot study. Mean age in the 2 groups was 69 years and the majority of men were Caucasians. Mean duration of ADT in both groups was approximately 2 years (P = .70). The 2 groups were well matched at baseline. After 12 weeks of intervention, there was no significant difference in either metabolic or inflammatory parameters between the 2 groups. We found that high-dose isoflavones over a course of 12 weeks do not improve metabolic or inflammatory parameters in androgen-deprived men.
Different galenic formulations of fluvastatin have equal lipid-lowering potential but differ in reducing lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction; Background Postprandial lipemia is known to exert a reversible detrimental effect on endothelium-dependent flow-mediated vasodilation (FMD). Fasting FMD has shown to be improved by fluvastatin. In this study, we investigated whether lipemia-induced endothelial dysfunction can be mitigated by fluvastatin in two (immediate-release and extended-release) formulations.
Probiotic consumption does not enhance the cholesterol-lowering effect of soy in postmenopausal women; Numerous studies report that soy lowers cholesterol. Probiotic bacteria were also reported to lower total cholesterol (TC) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C). We hypothesized that by altering intestinal microflora, probiotic consumption may also change phytoestrogen metabolism and enhance the effects of soy. To evaluate the independent and interactive effects of probiotic bacteria and soy on plasma TC, LDL-C, HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG), 37 women with a baseline TC of 5.24 mmol/L were given the following 4 treatments for 6 wk each in a randomized crossover design: soy protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g soy protein containing 44 +/- 8 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein isolate + probiotic capsules (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS-1 and Bifidobacterium longum); milk protein isolate (26 +/- 5 g milk protein/d); and milk protein isolate + probiotic. Soy consumption decreased plasma TC by 2.2% (P = 0.02) and LDL-C by 3.5% (P = 0.005), increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.006) and tended to decrease TG (P = 0.07) compared with milk protein intake. When divided according to initial TC concentration, soy effects were observed only in hypercholesterolemic women (TC > 5.17 mmol/L). In this subgroup, soy treatments decreased plasma TC by 3.3% (P = 0.01), LDL-C by 4.5% (P = 0.004), and TG by 10.6% (P = 0.02), and increased HDL-C by 4.2% (P = 0.02). When subjects were divided on the basis of plasma and urine concentrations of the isoflavone metabolite, equol, equol producers and nonproducers did not differ in baseline lipids or in the effects of soy. Probiotics did not lower cholesterol or enhance the effects of soy. These results confirm a beneficial effect of soy on plasma cholesterol in mildly hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women independent of equol production status, but do not support an independent or additive effect of these particular probiotic bacteria.
Women in Pakistan have a greater burden of clinical cardiovascular risk factors than men; Aims: Migrant South Asian population in the West, particularly women, is more predisposed to central obesity and metabolic syndromes than native Caucasians. However, the burden of coexistence of clinical risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated gender disparities in native population of South Asia are not known. We analyzed the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) data to study the same in the population of Pakistan.
The association of food quality score and cardiovascular diseases risk factors among women: A cross-sectional study; Introduction: Limited studies are available regarding the relationship between Food Quality Score (FQS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Thus, this study was aimed to investigate the association of FQS with CVD risk factors in women.
Exploring the Impact of Optimized Probiotic Supplementation Techniques on Diabetic Nephropathy: Mechanisms and Therapeutic Potential; Worldwide, diabetic nephropathy (DN) is a significant contributor to end -stage renal failure and chronic kidney disease. Probiotic supplementation has recently gained popularity as a potential nutritional therapy in several clinical trials aimed at improving renal function, inflammation, oxidative stress, dyslipidemia, glycemic control, and inflammation. However, they still need to undergo a thorough assessment of DN. It is crucial that the optimal dosage, duration, and combination of probiotic strains administered for the purpose of slowing down the advancement of DN be assessed. Based on the available publications, including relevant randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analysis from 2013-2023 from search engines like MEDLINE (PubMed), Scopus, and Web of Science, a literature review was generated using the keywords "gut microbiota," "gut microbiome," "diabetic kidney disease," "diabetic nephropathy," "probiotic," and "prebiotic." Multiple clinical trials focusing on probiotic administration techniques revealed changes in renal, glucose, and lipid biomarkers. Probiotic supplementation using Bifidobacterium bifidum, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Streptococcus thermophilus for 12 weeks indicated a reduction in glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting blood glucose, and the microalbuminuria/creatinine ratio. Multispecies as well as single-species probiotic administration containing Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus thermophilus spp. greater than 4*109 colony forming units (CFU)/day for 8-12 weeks in DN patients improves renal metabolic markers and reduces the progression of disease patterns. Optimal supplementation techniques of probiotics in conjunction with prebiotics and synbiotics in DN benefit glycaemic control, renal function, blood lipid profile, inflammation, and oxidative stress. Future randomized controlled trials supplementing specific probiotics coupled with prebiotics and synbiotics, with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up times, will generate more reliable findings for the impact of probiotic supplementation on DN.
Effect of soy protein on endogenous hormones in postmenopausal women; Background: The long-term clinical effects of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on endogenous hormones are unknown.
How Healthy Are Non-Traditional Dietary Proteins? The Effect of Diverse Protein Foods on Biomarkers of Human Health; Future food security for healthy populations requires the development of safe, sustainably-produced protein foods to complement traditional dietary protein sources. To meet this need, a broad range of non-traditional protein foods are under active investigation. The aim of this review was to evaluate their potential effects on human health and to identify knowledge gaps, potential risks, and research opportunities. Non-traditional protein sources included are algae, cereals/grains, fresh fruit and vegetables, insects, mycoprotein, nuts, oil seeds, and legumes. Human, animal, and in vitro data suggest that non-traditional protein foods have compelling beneficial effects on human health, complementing traditional proteins (meat/poultry, soy, eggs, dairy). Improvements in cardiovascular health, lipid metabolism, muscle synthesis, and glycaemic control were the most frequently reported improvements in health-related endpoints. The mechanisms of benefit may arise from their diverse range of minerals, macro- and micronutrients, dietary fibre, and bioactive factors. Many were also reported to have anti-inflammatory, antihypertensive, and antioxidant activity. Across all protein sources examined, there is a strong need for quality human data from randomized controlled intervention studies. Opportunity lies in further understanding the potential effects of non-traditional proteins on the gut microbiome, immunity, inflammatory conditions, DNA damage, cognition, and cellular ageing. Safety, sustainability, and evidence-based health research will be vital to the development of high-quality complementary protein foods that enhance human health at all life stages.
Lactic acid bacteria affect serum cholesterol levels, harmful fecal enzyme activity, and fecal water content; Background: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are beneficial probiotic organisms that contribute to improved nutrition, microbial balance, and immuno-enhancement of the intestinal tract, as well as lower cholesterol. Although present in many foods, most trials have been in spreads or dairy products. Here we tested whether Bifidobacteria isolates could lower cholesterol, inhibit harmful enzyme activities, and control fecal water content.
The effectiveness of long-term supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, fibre and caffeine on weight maintenance; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether supplementation of carbohydrate, chromium, dietary fibre and caffeine is effective for maintenance of weight-toss in the long-term.
Has the association between saturated fatty acids, serum cholesterol and coronary heart disease been over emphasized?; Despite 50 years of research and public health messages, coronary heart disease is still the major cause of death in developed Countries. This review Outlines the elaboration of risk factors for coronary heart disease with emphasis oil total and LDL cholesterol levels and discusses the dynamic and heterogeneous nature of serum lipoproteins. The role of saturated fatty acids in hypercholesterolemia is examined and it is concluded that those acids that increase levels concomitantly increase antiatherogenic HDL cholesterol and decrease proatherogenic lipoprotein[a] and small dense LDL particles Such that they could he atherogenically neutral. Evidence from epidemiological studies does not Supply convincing evidence for in association between Saturated fatty acids and coronary heart disease. The Surprisingly few randomised controlled trials that examined isocaloric substitution Of Saturated fatty acids for vegetable-derived fats mostly fail to show a benefit for reduction in saturated fatty acid intake oil coronary heart disease risk. The contention that the benefits accruing from the potent hypocholesterolemic action of statin drugs ends the cholesterol Controversy is disputed. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of Hypercholesterolemia on Fatty Infiltration and Quality of Tendon-to-Bone Healing in a Rabbit Model of a Chronic Rotator Cuff Tear Electrophysiological, Biomechanical, and Histological Analyses; Background: The incidence of healing failure after rotator cuff repair is high, and fatty infiltration is a crucial factor in healing failure.
DIETARY FIBER, COMPLEX CARBOHYDRATE AND CORONARY-ARTERY DISEASE; Animal studies indicate that viscous, soluble fibres such as psyllium, oat gum, guar gum and pectin have substantial hypocholesterolemic effects. Epidemiologic data suggest that the intake of complex carbohydrate and dietary fibre is associated in an inverse manner to risk for coronary artery disease (CAD). Two long term clinical trials indicate that increasing soluble fibre intake as part of a low fat, low cholesterol diet reduces serum cholesterol concentration from 3 to 5% below that for the low fat, low cholesterol diet. Short term, controlled clinical trials indicate that oat bran or beans, in a metabolic ward setting, decrease serum cholesterol concentrations of hypercholesterolemic individuals by 10 to 12%. Studies of free-living hypercholesterolemic individuals document that incorporation of oat products, psyllium of guar gum into the diet decreases serum cholesterol by 6 to 8%. Other studies suggest that increased fibre intake may decrease blood pressure slightly, assist in weight management, alter blood clotting factors, and increase insulin sensitivity. Intake of dietary fibre and complex carbohydrate appear to have a protective role for CAD. Further controlled clinical trials are required to examine to role of fibre and complex carbohydrate in prevention or regression of CAD.
Intake of soy products is associated with better plasma lipid profiles in the Hong Kong Chinese population; We describe the pattern of soy intake and its association with blood lipid concentrations in the Hong Kong Chinese population. Subjects were contacted by random telephone survey and invited to a hospital for a physical examination and blood tests. A total of 500 men and 510 women with an age range of 24-74 y completed the dietary intake study. The dietary assessment was based on a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire that included 10 commonly consumed soy items. Many (88%) of the study population had consumed some soy products during the previous week. About 80% of the soy protein or isoflavones were obtained from different forms of tofu, and an additional 9% was obtained from soy milk. The mean weekly isoflavone intake was 102 +/- 107 mg in men and 77 +/- 90 mg in women. In men, soy intake and total plasma cholesterol were negatively correlated (r = -0.09, P = 0.04), as were soy intake and LDL cholesterol (r = -0.11, P = 0.02), The respective values in women <50 y old were r = -0.11, P = 0.04 and r = -0.11, P = 0.05. Soy protein remained significantly associated with these two lipid concentrations after adjustment for other social and dietary confounders. Higher soy intake seemed to be related to a better plasma lipid profile in men and in younger women, but more epidemiological studies and controlled clinical trials in this setting would help to confirm the optimal amount required for the prevention and treatment of hyperlipidemia.
Lifestyle patterns and dysglycaemic risk in urban Sri Lankan women; Specific dietary patterns are associated with the risk of chronic disease. An in-depth understanding more reflective of lifestyle would be possible when assessing the synergistic effects of both diet and physical activity in pattern analysis. In the present study, we examined the biochemical markers of dysglycaemia and cardiometabolic risk in relation to lifestyle patterns using principal component analysis (PCA). Urban women (n 2800) aged 30-45 years were screened for dysglycaemia using cluster sampling from the Colombo Municipal Council area. All the 272 dysglycaemic women detected through screening and 345 randomly selected normoglycaemic women were enrolled. The International Physical Activity Questionnaire and a quantitative FFQ were used to assess physical activity and diet, respectively. Anthropometric measurements, bioelectrical impedance analysis and biochemical estimations were carried out. Lifestyle patterns were identified based on dietary and physical activity data using exploratory factor analysis. PCA was used for the extraction of factors. A total of three lifestyle patterns were identified. Women who were predominantly physically inactive and consumed snacks and dairy products had the greatest cardiometabolic risk, with a higher likelihood of having unfavourable obesity indices (increased waist circumference, fat mass percentage and BMI and decreased fat-free mass percentage), glycaemic indices (increased glycosylated Hb (HbA1c) and fasting blood sugar concentrations) and lipid profile (increased total cholesterol/TAG and decreased HDL-cholesterol concentrations) and increased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations. For the first time, we report lifestyle patterns and demonstrate the synergistic effects of physical activity/inactivity and diet and their relative association with cardiometabolic risk in urban women. Lifestyle pattern analysis greatly increases our understanding of high-risk behaviours occurring within real-life complexities.
HIGH PROTEIN-DIET COMPLEMENTS RESIN THERAPY OF FAMILIAL HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIA; The intermediate-term effects on plasma lipoprotein lipids of substituting meat and dairy protein for carbohydrate in the diets of five subjects (three women, two men) with familial hypercholesterolemia receiving cholestyramine (mean dose, 18 g/d) were studied. Subjects were randomly allocated to either the high or low protein diets (mean 27 versus 10% of energy as protein, 25% as fat, and 48 versus 65% as carbohydrate) for 4 to 5 weeks and then switched to the other diet for another 4 to 5 weeks. Mean fasting plasma HDL cholesterol rose significantly by 17 +/- 3% (1.11 +/- 0.12 vs 0.95 +/- 0.11 mmol/L, p < 0.005, n = 5), whereas total triglycerides fell by 23 +/- 2% (1.7 +/- 0.3 vs 2.2 +/- 0.3 mmol/L, p < 0.005, n = 5), VLDL triglycerides fell by 28 +/- 5% (0.88 +/- 0.15 vs 1.18 +/- 0.19 mmol/L, p < 0.02, n = 5), VLDL cholesterol fell by 32 +/- 7% (0.39 +/- 0.08 vs 0.56 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, p < 0.01, n = 5), the ratio of LDL cholesterol : HDL cholesterol by 19 +/- 5% (4.7 +/- 0.7 vs 5.7 +/- 0.7, p < 0.05) and that of total cholesterol HDL cholesterol by 16 +/- 5% (6.6 +/- 0.5 vs.8.0 +/- 0.7, p < 0.05) on the high versus low protein diet. Increasing dietary protein intake at the expense of carbohydrate may be useful in treating hypoalphalipoproteinemia and/or hypertriglyceridemia in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia.
Effect of Dietary Starch-to-Fat Ratio on Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, and Microbiota of Multiparous Sow and Newborn Piglets; This experiment aimed to evaluate the effects of dietary starch-to-fat ratio on reproductive performance and lipid metabolism of sows and newborn piglets. A total of 75 Landrace x Yorkshire multiparous sows at d 84 of gestation were selected and randomly divided into three groups based on body weight. From d 85 of gestation to farrowing, sows were fed one of three dietary starch-to-fat ratios (20:1, 10:1, and 5:1). Dietary high starch-to-fat ratio increased the birth weight of piglets (p < 0.05). The apparent total digestibility of dry matter, organic matter, and gross energy of sows was improved by an increasing starch-to-fat ratio during gestation (p < 0.05). Decreased dietary starch-to-fat ratio increased the concentration of plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, and GSH-Px in sows (p < 0.05). During parturition, sows had increased plasma interleukin (IL) -1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in the low ratio group (p < 0.05). The relative abundance of Streptococcaceae in the low ratio group was significantly higher (p < 0.05). The medium dietary starch-to-fat ratio significantly increased the concentrations of short chain fatty acids. In conclusion, this study suggested that for sows a diet with ahigh starch to fat ratio could ameliorate lipid metabolism disorder and maternal inflammation during late gestation.
Serum cholesterol predictive equations in product development; The aim of the study was to incorporate trans fatty acids into predictive equations for serum cholesterol and compare their effects with the effects of the individual saturated fatty acids 12: 0, 14: 0 and 16:0. We have introduced trans fatty acids from partially hydrogenated soybean oil (TransV) and fish oil (TransF) into previously published equations by constrained regression analysis. Prior knowledge about the signs and ordering of existing regression coefficients were incorporated into the regression modelling by adding lower and upper bounds to the coefficients. Oleic acid (18: 1) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (18: 2, IS :3) were not sufficiently varied in the studies and the respective regression coefficients therefore set equal to those found by Yu et al. (Am J Clin Nutr 1995;61:1129-39). Stearic acid (18:0) considered to be neutral was not included in the equations. The regression analyses were based on results from four controlled dietary studies with a total of 95 participants and including 10 diets differing in fatty acid composition. The analyses resulted in the following equations where the change in cholesterol is expressed in mmol/L and the change in intake of fatty acids is expressed in E%: Delta Total cholesterol = 0.01Delta(12:0) + 0.12Delta(14:0) + 0.057Delta(16:0) + 0.039Delta(TransF) + 0.031 Delta(TransV)- 0.0044Delta(18:1) - 0.017Delta(18:2, 18:3) and DeltaLDL cholesterol = 0.01Delta(12:0) + 0.071Delta(14:0) + 0.047Delta(16:0) + 0.043Delta(TransF) + 0.025 Delta(TransV) - 0.0044Delta(18:1) - 0.017Delta(18:2, 18: 3). The test set used for validation consisted of 22 data points from seven recently published dietary studies. The equation for total cholesterol showed good prediction ability with a correlation coefficient of 0.981 between observed and predicted values. The equation has been used to reformulate margarines into "trans free" products all with more favourable effects on serum cholesterol than previous products. Also a cholesterol reducing margarine has been produced. When tested against butter in an open clinical trial among subjects with mild hypercholesterolemia the observed cholesterol-lowering effect of this margarine corresponded reasonably well with the predicted (0.77 vs. 0.64 mmol/L). We conclude that the equation has practical applicability and can be used to formulate and nutritionally optimise fat products as well as to evaluate already existing products on the market.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on plasma glucose in overweight and obese pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial; Introduction There is only some evidence about effectiveness of probiotics for preventing gestational hyperglycaemia. This trial examined the effects of probiotic yoghurts containing Lactobacillus acidophilus La5 and Bifidobacterium lactis Bb12 on maternal plasma glucose (primary outcome) and on some maternal and infant complications (secondary outcomes) in overweight and obese women with no diabetes in pregnancy. Methods Using stratified block randomization, women with pre- or early-pregnancy BMI >= 25 and fasting plasma glucose < 92 mg/dl at 22 weeks of gestation were assigned into probiotic or conventional yoghurt group, consuming 100 g/day from 24 weeks of gestation until delivery. The women and their infants were followed up until 1 month after birth. Results In each group, one out of 65 women had intra-uterine foetal death and were not analysed for other outcomes. The mean BMI was 29.2 (SD 3.3) in probiotic and 30.3 (SD 4.1) in conventional yoghurt group. Four weeks after initiation of the treatment, plasma glucose levels were significantly lower in the probiotic than in conventional yoghurt group at fasting (mean difference adjusted for the BMI category) and baseline FPG (- 4.0 mg/dl; 95% confidence interval - 6.9, - 1.1) and 2-h OGTT (- 13.9; - 22.8, - 5.0). At the 1-h OGTT, however, the difference was not statistically significant (- 9.8; - 20.6, 0.9). Further, there was a significantly lower infant bilirubin level in the probiotic group on days 3-5 after birth (- 2.2 mg/dl; - 3.3, - 1.2). There were not statistically significant differences between the groups regarding the risk of gestational diabetes (6 vs 11; odds ratio 0.5; 0.2, 1.5), preterm delivery (3 vs 8; 0.3; 0.1, 1.2), and other maternal and infant outcomes. Conclusion The probiotics supplementation has some beneficial effects on glucose metabolism of overweight and obese pregnant women. Nevertheless, further studies are required to judge the clinical significance of such effects.
Effect of hydrogenated and saturated, relative to polyunsaturated, fat on immune and inflammatory responses of adults with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Consumption of diets high in hydrogenated fat/ trans fatty acids has been shown to have an adverse affect on lipoprotein profiles with respect to cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary fat and cholesterol play an important role in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses shown to be involved in atherogenesis. We investigated the effects of diets containing hydrogenated fat on cellular immune response and production of inflammatory cytokines in human subjects with moderately elevated cholesterol levels (LDL cholesterol >130 mg/dl). In a double blind crossover study, 19 subjects consumed three diets, 30% of calories as fat, of which two thirds were provided as soybean oil, soybean oil-based stick margarine, or butter for 32 days, each in a randomized order. Production of proinflammatory mediators, prostaglandin (PG) E-2, interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha); delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response, in vitro lymphocyte proliferation, and production of IL-2 were determined. Production of IL-6 and TNF-alpha was significantly higher after consumption of stick margarine diet compared with soybean oil diet. IL-1beta and TNF-alpha production correlated positively with ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.499, P < 0.00 1 and r = 0.29 1, P = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant difference in DTH response, lymphocyte proliferation, or levels of IL-2 and PGE(2) produced among three groups. Our results indicate that consumption of a diet high in hydrogenated fat does not adversely affect cellular immunity but increases production of inflammatory cytokines that have been associated with the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis.
Effects of isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt on lipid parameters and atherosclerosis development in hypercholesterolemic rabbits: a randomized double-blind study; Background: There is increasing interest in natural treatments to control dyslipidemia and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Previous studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of soy yogurt fermented with Enterococcus faecium CRL 183 and of dietary isoflavones on the lipid profile. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effects of isoflavone-supplemented soy yogurt, fermented with E. faecium CRL183, on lipid parameters and atherosclerosis development in rabbits with induced hypercholesterolemia.
Plant stanol esters in low-fat yogurt reduces total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein oxidation in normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects; We examined the effects of plant stanol ester contained in low-fat yogurt on serum lipids and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation in Korean young adults with normocholesterolemia and mild hypercholesterolemia. After screening tests (fasting total cholesterol, 174 to 251 mg/dL; and fasting triacylglycerols, < 266 mg/dL), 51 subjects (28.7 +/- 0.7 years, 22.6 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) were included in the study and randomly assigned to a group receiving yogurt with either a plant stanol ester or a placebo. Four weeks' intake of plant stanol (2 g/d) as its fatty acid ester lowered total and LDL cholesterol levels by almost 6% and 10%, respectively, without affecting high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations. Plasma oxidized LDL was also reduced by 5.4% in the test group. Serum beta-carotene and retinol were unchanged in both groups; however, lipid-corrected serum alpha-tocopherol was significantly increased in the test group (P < .05) We conclude that plant stanol ester contained in low-fat yogurt may be effective in reducing total and LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL level in a habitual diet without restriction of fat and cholesterol intake. Foods containing plant sterols or stanols might be a useful tool for normocholesterolemic and mildly hypercholesterolemic individuals to prevent more severe hypercholesterolemia and cardiovascular disease. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
EFFECTS OF CONTINUOUS COMBINED HORMONE-REPLACEMENT THERAPY ON LIPID-LEVELS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; PURPOSE: To test the lipid-lowering effects of continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women.
No effect of anti-inflammatory medication on postprandial and postexercise muscle protein synthesis in elderly men with slightly elevated systemic inflammation; Background: Based on circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) levels, some individuals develop slightly increased inflammation as they age. In elderly inflamed rats, the muscle response to protein feeding is impaired, whereas it can be maintained by treatment with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). It is unknown whether this applies to elderly humans with increased inflammation. Thus, the muscle response to whey protein bolus ingestion with and without acute resistance exercise was compared between healthy elderly individuals and elderly individuals with slightly increased inflammation +/- NSAID treatment.
Dietary Calcium Intake and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta- Analysis; Growing evidence has suggested a possible relationship between dietary calcium intake and metabolic syndrome (MetS) risk. However, the findings of these observational studies are inconclusive, and the dose-response association between calcium intake and risk of MetS remains to be determined. Here, we identified relevant studies by searching PubMed and Web of Science databases up to December 2018, and selected observational studies reporting relative risk (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for MetS based on calcium intake and estimated the summary RRs using random-effects models. Eight cross-sectional and two prospective cohort studies totaling 63,017 participants with 14,906 MetS cases were identified. A significantly reduced risk of MetS was associated with the highest levels of dietary calcium intake (RR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.80-0.99; I-2= 75.3%), with stronger association and less heterogeneity among women (RR: 0.74, 95% CI: 0.66-0.83; I-2= 0.0%) than among men (RR: 1.06, 95% CI: 0.82-1.37; I-2 = 72.6%). Our dose-response analysis revealed that for each 300 mg/day increase in calcium intake, the risk of MetS decreased by 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.87-0.99; I-2= 77.7%). In conclusion, our findings suggest that dietary calcium intake may be inversely associated with the risk of MetS. These findings may have important public health implications with respect to preventing the disease. Further studies, in particular longitudinal cohort studies and randomized clinical trials, will be necessary to determine whether calcium supplementation is effective to prevent MetS.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease; The objective of the current study was to explore our hypothesis that average consumption of fructose and fructose containing sugars would not increase risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A randomized, double blind, parallel group study was conducted where 267 individuals with BMI between 23 and 35 kg/m(2) consumed low fat sugar sweetened milk, daily for ten weeks as part of usual weight-maintenance diet. One group consumed 18% of calories from high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), another group consumed 18% of calories from sucrose, a third group consumed 9% of calories from fructose, and the fourth group consumed 9% of calories from glucose. There was a small change in waist circumference (80.9 +/- 9.5 vs. 81.5 +/- 9.5 cm) in the entire cohort, as well as in total cholesterol (4.6 +/- 1.0 vs. 4.7 +/- 1.0 mmol/L, p < 0.01), triglycerides (TGs) (11.5 +/- 6.4 vs. 12.6 +/- 8.9 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and systolic (109.2 +/- 10.2 vs. 106.1 +/- 10.4 mmHg, p < 0.01) and diastolic blood pressure (69.8 +/- 8.7 vs. 68.1 +/- 9.7 mmHg, p < 0.01). The effects of commonly consumed sugars on components of the MetS and CVD risk factors are minimal, mixed and not clinically significant.
Independent and Combined Effects of Calcium and Vitamin D Supplementation on Blood Lipids in Overweight or Obese Premenopausal Women: A Triple-Blind Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial; Background: Dyslipidemia is often associated with obesity and contributes to the increased risk of atherosclerosis, heart disease, and stroke. This study was designed to evaluate the independent or combined effect of calcium and vitamin D (Ca + Vit D) supplementation on blood lipid profile in overweight or obese premenopausal women. Methods: This study is a triple-blind, randomized, parallel, placebo-controlled trial. About 100 overweight or obese (body mass index (BMI) of 25-40 kg/m2) premenopausal (aged 30-50 years) women, recruited from Shiraz University of Medical Sciences (SUMS) clinics, were allocated into 4 groups: (1) calcium (Ca) supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate), (2) vitamin D (Vit D) supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 200 IU vitamin D3), (3) Ca + Vit D supplementation (2 tablets per day; each containing 500 mg calcium carbonate plus 200 IU vitamin D3), (4) placebo supplementation (2 tablets per day, containing micro-cellulose). All participants received a 500 kcal energy-restricted diet. Blood lipids, serum vitamin D, and anthropometric indices were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks. Physical activity and 3-day dietary records were taken at baseline and every 4 weeks during the intervention. Results: At 8 weeks, triglyceride levels were significantly decreased in the Ca group (P = 0.002). Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels were decreased in the Ca + Vit D group (P = 0.04) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) levels decreased in both the Ca and Ca + Vit D groups (P = 0.006, P = 0.004, respectively). The results of one-way ANOVA indicated that changes in the serum lipid profile levels were not significantly different among the four groups (P = 0.90, P = 0.86, P = 0.61, P = 0.27, and P = 0.19, respectively for TG, TC, LDL, HDL, and LDL/HDL). The results were not significant even after adjusting for potential covariates. Conclusions: Although the results were not significantly different among the four treated groups at 8 weeks, within-group changes like the reduction in triglyceride and LDL levels, respectively in the Ca group and Ca + Vit D group, and HDL levels in both the Ca and Ca + Vit D groups were significant. These changes may have potentially significant public health implications.
Microarray analysis reveals the inhibition of intestinal expression of nutrient transporters in piglets infected with porcine epidemic diarrhea virus; Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) infection can induce intestinal dysfunction, resulting in severe diarrhea and even death, but the mode of action underlying these viral effects remains unclear. This study determined the effects of PEDV infection on intestinal absorption and the expression of genes for nutrient transporters via biochemical tests and microarray analysis. Sixteen 7-day-old healthy piglets fed a milk replacer were randomly allocated to one of two groups. After 5-day adaption, piglets (n = 8/group) were orally administrated with either sterile saline or PEDV (the strain from Yunnan province) at 10(4.5) TCID50 (50% tissue culture infectious dose) per pig. All pigs were orally infused D-xylose (0.1 g/kg BW) on day 5 post PEDV or saline administration. One hour later, jugular vein blood samples as well as intestinal samples were collected for further analysis. In comparison with the control group, PEDV infection increased diarrhea incidence, blood diamine oxidase activity, and iFABP level, while reducing growth and plasma D-xylose concentration in piglets. Moreover, PEDV infection altered plasma and jejunal amino acid profiles, and decreased the expression of aquaporins and amino acid transporters (L-type amino acid transporter 1, sodium-independent amino acid transporter, B(degrees(,+))-type amino acid transport protein, sodium-dependent neutral amino acid transporter 1, sodium-dependent glutamate/aspartate transporter 3, and peptide transporter (1), lipid transport and metabolism-related genes (lipoprotein lipase, apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein A4, apolipoprotein C2, solute carrier family 27 member 2, solute carrier family 27 member 4, fatty acid synthase, and long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase (3), and glucose transport genes (glucose transporter-2 and insulin receptor) in the jejunum. However, PEDV administration increased mRNA levels for phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1, argininosuccinate synthase 1, sodium/glucose co-transporter-1, and cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator in the jejunum. Collectively, these comprehensive results indicate that PEDV infection induces intestinal injury and inhibits the expression of genes encoding for nutrient transporters.
Effect of soy protein from differently processed products on cardiovascular disease risk factors and vascular endothelial function in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background: The magnitude of the effect of soy protein on lipoprotein concentrations is variable. This discordance is likely attributable to the various forms of soy protein used and to unrecognized shifts in dietary fatty acid, cholesterol, and fiber.
Potential of Probiotics in Hypercholesterolemia: A Review of In Vitro and In Vivo Findings; Context Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a major public health problem in developing and developed countries. Elevated cholesterol levels, especially low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and the emergence of CHD, have been positively correlated in many clinical and epidemiological studies. The health benefits of probiotics have received a great deal of attention, including their blood cholesterol-lowering effects on humans.
Cholesterol lowering with bile salt hydrolase-active probiotic bacteria, mechanism of action, clinical evidence, and future direction for heart health applications; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality and morbidity. Current CVD treatment methods include dietary intervention, statins, fibrates, niacin, cholesterol absorption inhibitors, and bile acid sequestrants. These formulations have limitations and, thus, additional treatment modalities are needed. Probiotic bacteria, especially bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-active probiotic bacteria, have demonstrated cholesterol-lowering efficacy in randomized controlled trials.
Aloe vera: a systematic review of its clinical effectiveness; Background. The use of aloe vera is being promoted for a large variety of conditions. Often general practitioners seem to know less than their patients about its alleged benefits.
Improvement of gastrointestinal health status in subjects consuming <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 capsules: a post-hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial; Objective: Gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms are conditions that are frequently observed in clinical practice. A post-hoc analysis has been undertaken to evaluate the effect of bile salt hydrolase-active L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 on GI health status based on Rome III questionnaire response in otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic subjects.
The effect of combining plant sterols, soy protein, viscous fibers, and almonds in treating hypercholesterolemia; Reductions in low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) result from diets containing almonds, or diets that are either low in saturated fat or high in viscous fibers, soy proteins, or plant sterols. We have therefore combined all of these interventions in a single diet (portfolio diet) to determine whether cholesterol reductions could be achieved of similar magnitude to those reported in recent statin trials which reduced cardiovascular events. Twenty-five hyperlipidemic subjects consumed either a portfolio diet (n = 13), very low in saturated fat and high in plant sterols (1.2 g/1,000 kcal), soy protein (16.2 g/1,000 kcal), viscous fibers (8.3 g/1,000 kcal), and almonds (16.6 g/1,000 kcal), or a low-saturated fat diet (n=12) based on whole-wheat cereals and low-fat dairy foods. Fasting blood, blood pressure, and body weight were obtained at weeks 0, 2, and 4 of each phase. LDL-C was reduced by 12.1%+/-2.4% (P<.001) on the low-fat diet and by 35.0%+/-3.1% (P<.001) on the portfolio diet, which also reduced the ratio of LDL-C to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) significantly (30.0%+/-3.5%; P<.001). The reductions in LDL-C and the LDL:HDL-C ratio were both significantly lower on the portfolio diet than on the control diet (P<.001 and P<.001, respectively). Mean weight loss was similar on test and control diets (1.0 kg and 0.9 kg, respectively). No difference was seen in blood pressure, HDL-C, serum triglycerides, lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], or homocysteine concentrations between diets. Combining a number of foods and food components in a single dietary portfolio may lower LDL-C similarly to statins and so increase the potential effectiveness of dietary therapy. (C) 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Probiotics in pregnancy and maternal outcomes: a systematic review; Objectives: To systematically review the literature on the use of probiotics in pregnancy and their impact on maternal outcomes.
A Mini Review on Antidiabetic Properties of Fermented Foods; In general, fermented foods (FFs) are considered as functional foods. Since the awareness about the health benefits of FFs has increased, the consumption of FF also improved significantly in recent decades. Diabetes is one of the leading threats of the health span of an individual. The present manuscript details the general methods of the production of FFs, and the results of various studies (in vitro, in vivo, and clinical studies) on the antidiabetic properties of FFs. The fermentation method and the active microbes involved in the process play a crucial role in the functional properties of FFs. Several in vitro and in vivo studies have been reported on the health-promoting properties of FFs, such as anti-inflammation, anticancer, antioxidant properties, improved cognitive function and gastrointestinal health, and the reduced presence of metabolic disorders. The studies on the functional properties of FFs by randomized controlled clinical trials using human volunteers are very limited for several reasons, including ethical reasons, safety concerns, approval from the government, etc. Several scientific teams are working on the development of complementary and alternative medicines to improve the treatment strategies for hyperglycemia.
LOW-DENSITY-LIPOPROTEIN SUBCLASSES AND RESPONSE TO A LOW-FAT DIET IN HEALTHY-MEN; Lipid and lipoprotein responses to reduced dietary fat intake were investigated in relation to differences in distribution of low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) subclasses among 105 healthy men consuming high-fat (46% fat) and low-fat (24% fat) diets in random order for 6 wk each. With high-fat diets, 87 subjects had predominantly large, buoyant LDL (pattern A), whereas the remainder had primarily smaller, denser LDL (pattern B). With low-fat diets, 36 men changed from pattern A to B. Compared with the 51 men with pattern A with both diets (stable A group), men in the stable B group (n = 18) had significantly greater reductions in plasma LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and mass of mid-sized (LDL II) and small (LDL III) LDL subfractions. In both the stable A and change groups, there was a shift in LDL particle mass from larger, lipid-enriched (LDL I and II) to smaller, lipid-depleted (LDL III and IV) subfractions, suggestive of change in LDL composition with minimal change in particle number, and consistent with the observation of reduced plasma LDL cholesterol without reduced apolipoprotein B. Stable B subjects had significantly greater increases in the largest very-low-density-lipoprotein subfraction with the low-fat diet than the stable A group, and also had greater decreases in the high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) subclass HDL(3) but smaller reductions in HDL(2). Genetic and environmental factors influencing LDL subclass distributions thus may also contribute substantially to interindividual variation in plasma lipoprotein response to a low-fat diet.
The relation between dietary intake of vegetable oils and serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels in central Iran; BACKGROUND: The detrimental effects of partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (PHVOs) on apolipoproteins have been reported from several parts of the world. However, little data is available in this regard from the understudied region of the Middle East. The present study therefore tried to evaluate the association between type of vegetable oils and serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels among Iranians.
Postprandial effects on plasma lipids and satiety hormones from intake of liposomes made from fractionated oat oil: two randomized crossover studies; Background: The composition and surface structure of dietary lipids influence their intestinal degradation. Intake of liposomes made of fractionated oat oil (LOO) is suggested to affect the digestion process and postprandial lipemia and also induce satiety.
Postprandial Effect of Orlistat on the Peaking of Lipid Level After Sequential High Fat Meals; Background: Postprandial lipemia has been found to be strongly associated with atherosclerosis due to its atherogenic and thrombogenic lipoprotein changes. This phenomenon occurs even in normal subjects especially after high fat meals. Orlistat, an anti-obesity drug, has been shown to address postprandial lipemia after a single high fat meal.
Deuterium uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels correspond as methods for measurement of endogenous cholesterol synthesis in hypercholesterolemic women; To assess the validity of two techniques used to measure human cholesterol synthesis, the rate of uptake of deuterium (D) into plasma free cholesterol (FC), and plasma cholesterol precursor (squalene, lanosterol, desmosterol and lathosterol) levels were compared in 14 women [65-71 yr with low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) greater than or equal to 3.36 mmol.L-1]. Subjects consumed each of six diets for 5-wk periods according to a randomized crossover design. The experimental diets included a baseline diet (39% energy as fat, 164 mg chol.4.2 MJ(-1)) and five reduced-fat diets (30% of energy as fat), where two-thirds of the fat was either soybean oil; squeeze, tub or stick margarines; or butter. Fractional and absolute synthesis rates (FSR and ASR) of FC were determined using the deuterium incorporation (DI) method, while cholesterol precursor levels were measured using gas-liquid chromatography. Data were pooled across diets for each variable and correlation coefficients were calculated to determine if associations were present. There was good agreement among levels of the various cholesterol precursors. In addition, FSR in pools/d (p.d(-1)) and ASR in grams/d (g.d(-1)) were strongly associated with lathosterol (r = 0.72 and 0.71, P = 0.0001), desmosterol (r = 0.75 and 0.75, P = 0.0001), lanosterol (r = 0.67 and 0.67), and squalene (r = 0.69 and 0.68) when levels of the precursors were expressed as mu mol.mmol(-1) C. Significant but lower correlations were observed between the D uptake and plasma cholesterol precursor levels when the latter were expressed in absolute amounts (mu mol.L-1). The wide range of fatty acid profiles of the experimental diets did not influence the degree of association between methods. In conclusion, the DI method and levels of some cholesterol precursors correspond as methods for short-term measurement of cholesterol synthesis.
The Effect of Normally Consumed Amounts of Sucrose or High Fructose Corn Syrup on Lipid Profiles, Body Composition and Related Parameters in Overweight/Obese Subjects; The American Heart Association (AHA) has advocated that women and men not consume more than 100 and 150 kcal/day, respectively, from added sugars. These levels are currently exceeded by over 90% of the adult population in the United States. Few data exist on longer-term metabolic effects when sucrose and High Fructose Corn Syrup (HFCS), the principal sources of added dietary sugars, are consumed at levels typical of the general population. Sixty five overweight and obese individuals were placed on a eucaloric (weight stable) diet for 10-weeks, which incorporated sucrose- or HFCS-sweetened, low-fat milk at 10% or 20% of calories in a randomized, double-blinded study. All groups responded similarly (interaction p > 0.05). There was no change in body weight in any of the groups over the 10-week study, or in systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Likewise, there were no changes in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), or apolipoprotein B (Apo B). We conclude that (1) when consumed as part of a eucaloric diet fructosewhen given with glucose (as normally consumed) does not promote weight gain or an atherogenic lipid profile even when consumed at two to four times the level recently recommended by the AHA. (2) There were no differences between HFCS and sucrose on these parameters.
Perinatal exposure to high dietary advanced glycation end products in transgenic NOD8.3 mice leads to pancreatic beta cell dysfunction; The contribution of environmental factors to pancreatic islet damage in type 1 diabetes remains poorly understood. In this study, we crossed mice susceptible to type 1 diabetes, where parental male (CD8(+) T cells specific for IGRP(206-214); NOD8.3) and female (NOD/ShiLt) mice were randomized to a diet either low or high in AGE content and maintained on this diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, NOD8.3(+) female offspring were identified and maintained on the same parental feeding regimen for until day 28 of life. A low AGE diet, from conception to early postnatal life, decreased circulating AGE concentrations in the female offspring when compared to a high AGE diet. Insulin, proinsulin and glucagon secretion were greater in islets isolated from offspring in the low AGE diet group, which was akin to age matched non-diabetic C57BL/6 mice. Pancreatic islet expression of Ins2 gene was also higher in offspring from the low AGE diet group. Islet expression of glucagon, AGEs and the AGE receptor RAGE, were each reduced in low AGE fed offspring. Islet immune cell infiltration was also decreased in offspring exposed to a low AGE diet. Within pancreatic lymph nodes and spleen, the proportions of CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells did not differ between groups. There were no significant changes in body weight, fasting glucose or glycemic hormones. This study demonstrates that reducing exposure to dietary AGEs throughout gestation, lactation and early postnatal life may benefit pancreatic islet secretion and immune infiltration in the type 1 diabetic susceptible mouse strain, NOD8.3.
Immune and metabolic effects of rumen-protected methionine during a heat stress challenge in lactating Holstein cows; Multiparous, lactating Holstein cows (n = 32) were randomly assigned to one of two dietary treatments [TMR with rumen-protected Met (RPM) or TMR without RPM (CON)], and within each dietary treatment group cows were randomly assigned to one of two environmental treatment groups in a split-plot crossover design. In phase 1 (9 d), all cows were fed ad libitum and in thermoneutral conditions (TN). In phase 2 (9 d), group 1 (n = 16) was exposed to a heat stress (HS) challenge (HSC). Group 2 cows (n = 16) were pair-fed (PFTN) to HSC counterparts and remained in TN. After a 21-d washout period, the study was repeated (period 2) and the environmental treatments were inverted relative to treatments from phase 2 of period 1, while dietary treatments remained the same for each cow. During phase 1, cows in RPM had greater plasma Met concentration compared with cows in CON (59 and 30 mu M, respectively; P < 0.001). Cows in PFTN had a greater decrease (P < 0.05) in plasma insulin than cows in HSC at 4 h (-2.7 mu IU/mL vs. -0.7 mu IU/mL) and 8 h (-7.7 mu IU/mL vs. -0.4 mu IU/mL) during phase 2. Compared with cows in PFTN, cows in HSC had an increase (P < 0.05) in plasma serum amyloid A (-59 mu g/mL vs. +58 mu g/mL), serum haptoglobin (-3 mu g/mL vs. +33 mu g/mL), plasma lipopolysaccharide binding protein (-0.27 and +0.11 mu g/mL), and plasma interleukin-1 beta (-1.9 and +3.9 pg/mL) during phase 2. In conclusion, HSC elicited immunometabolic alterations; however, there were limited effects of RPM on cows in HSC.
The cholesterol lowering efficacy of plant stanol ester yoghurt in a Turkish population: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: We evaluated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of low-fat spoonable yoghurt with 1.9 g/d plant stanols as esters on plasma lipid profiles of Turkish subjects with mild to moderate hypercholesterolemia.
Cholesterol-lowering effect of soy protein in normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic men; Cardiovascular heart disease is a major health problem in the United States. Elevated blood cholesterol has been shown to significantly increase the risk of cardiovascular heart disease. The National Cholesterol Educational Program (NCEP) Step I diet, which restricts fat and cholesterol intakes, is usually recommended as the initial treatment to lower blood cholesterol. Soy protein has been shown to be hypocholesterolemic, particularly in hypercholesterolemic subjects. However, the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein in subjects with a blood total cholesterol concentration <5.17 mmol/L is not clear. To determine whether soy protein could enhance the hypocholesterolemic effect of the NCEP Step I diet, 13 normocholesterolemic and 13 hypercholesterolemic men aged 20-50 y were enrolled in a randomized, 2-part, crossover study. Subjects were fed either an NCEP Step I soy-protein diet or an NCEP Step I animal protein diet for 5 wk. After a washout period of 10-15 wk, the subjects were fed the alternate diet for 5 wk. The hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein was found to be independent of age, body weight, pretreatment plasma lipid concentrations, and sequence of dietary treatment. Regardless of plasma lipid status, the soy-protein diet was associated with a statistically significant decrease in the plasma concentrations of LDL cholesterol (P = 0.029) as well as the in the ratio of plasma LDL cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (P = 0.005). Our results indicate that soy protein enhances the hypocholesterolemic effect of the NCEP Step I diet in both normocholesterolemic and hypercholesterolemic men.
Difference in effect of myristic and stearic acid on plasma HDL cholesterol within 24h in young men; Background: There is increasing evidence that postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG)-rich lipoproteins (TRL) may be related to atherogenic risk. Little is known about the acute effect of individual dietary saturated fatty acids on plasma lipids and lipoproteins.
Analysis using national databases reveals a positive association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids with TV watching and diabetes in European females; In recent years, dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have increased in parallel to sedentary behavior and diabetes across the world. To test any putative association between dietary PUFA and sedentary behavior or diabetes in females, we obtained country-specific, cross-sectional data on sedentary activity and diabetes prevalence from European Cardiovascular Statistics 2012. Age and gender-specific, nutritional data from each country were obtained from nutritional surveys as well. Socioeconomic (GDP), physical environment (urbanization index) and climatic confounders were accounted for each country. Upon analysis, we found a strong, positive association between sedentary lifestyle in 11-yr old girls (> = 2 hours of TV/weekday) and dietary PUFA across 21 European countries. Further, a weak association of dietary PUFA and a strong relationship of per-capita GDP was established with elevated fasting blood glucose [(> = 7.0 mmol/L; or on medication] among 25+ year old adult females across 23 countries in Europe. In summary, we present novel ecological evidence that dietary PUFA is strongly associated with sedentary behavior among pre-teen girls and weakly associated with diabetes among adult women across Europe. In the latter group, per-capita GDP was a significant predictor for diabetes as well. Therefore, we recommend that prospective randomized controlled trials (RCTs) be implemented to evaluate if ubiquitous presence of dietary PUFA and low socioeconomic status are possible confounders when intervening to treat/prevent sedentary lifestyle or diabetes in female subjects in Western nations.
Growth before 2 years of age and serum lipids 60 years later:: The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study; Background Small body size at birth and slow growth during the first 2 years after birth, leading to low body mass index (BMI) at 2 years, are associated with coronary heart disease and stroke in adult life. We tested the hypothesis that this path of growth is associated with an atherogenic lipid profile in later life.
Long-term Effects of Plant Stanols on the Lipid Profile of Patients With Hypercholesterolemia. A Randomized Clinical Trial; Introduction and objectives: Plant stanol consumption may improve long-term cholesterol control. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 g/day of plant stanols in reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia.
Acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation in human subjects; Results of population studies suggest that black tea can reduce cardiovascular risk. Effects of black-tea polyphenols to reduce platelet aggregability may help to explain any benefits. Given that black tea is often consumed with and after meals, and man spends much of his life in the postprandial state, the objective of the present study was to investigate the acute effects of ingestion of black tea on postprandial platelet aggregation ex vivo. Twenty healthy participants had platelet aggregation and blood lipids assessed before and 4 h after the ingestion of 50 g dairy fat on two occasions in random order, corresponding to black tea or hot water. Black tea or hot water (one cup) was consumed immediately following the dairy fat, then after 1.5 and 3.0 h. Platelet aggregation ex vivo was assessed in platelet-rich plasma in response to three concentrations of collagen (0.2, 0.6, 2.0 mug/ml) and ADP (2, 4, 8 muM). Urinary concentrations of 4-O-methylgallic acid were used as an indicator that tea polyphenols were absorbed. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerol concentrations increased significantly 4 h after ingesting the dairy fat, but there was no significant difference between black tea and hot-water treatments on the cholesterol or triacylglycerol responses. Urinary 4-O-methylgallic acid concentrations were significantly increased following ingestion of black tea (P=0.0001) but not water. Black tea in comparison to hot water did not inhibit collagen or ADP-induced postprandial platelet aggregation. The results of this study do not support the suggestion that reduced postprandial platelet aggregability contributes to any benefits of black tea on cardiovascular risk.
Metabolic effects of dietary lactose in adult female rats; As an outgrowth of our interest in the potential toxicity of dietary galactose, we investigated the metabolic effects of high lactose diets in Long-Evans female rats. Seventy-five Long-Evans female rats (25-day-old) were randomized to receive one of 3 diets for 7 months: glucose diet (CON); low lactose diet (10.5%, LLD); or a high lactose diet (41.9%, HLD). Necropsy was performed seven months after randomization. HLD animals had significantly lower body weights than controls (P < 0.01). These animals continued to grow, however at a retarded rate compared to the CON group. The HLD group also had significantly lower triglyceride and non-esterified fatty acid levels than the CON group (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05). Serum glucose concentrations were lower in the HLD group compared to CON animals (P < 0.05), while serum insulin levels were lower than both the LLD and CON animals (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05). Leptin exhibited a similar trend. Thyroid studies revealed no difference in TSH between groups. Free T4 was significantly higher in HLD rats compared to LLD and CON rats while free T3 was lower in the HLD group (P < 0.05). This indicates a possible impairment in T4 to T3 conversion. Our data suggests that a long-term high lactose diet is associated with a decrease in insulin and leptin levels, and an increase in the insulin to glucose ratio. However, these changes are seen in the presence of a decreased body mass. A significant effect on thyroid hormone metabolism is also seen, and may be an adaptive mechanism in lactose-fed rats.
Effect of tea catechins on postprandial plasma lipid responses in human subjects; Epidemiological surveys suggest that a higher intake of tea may be associated with a lower risk of CHD. There is accumulating evidence that postprandial lipaemia makes a substantial contribution to the incidence of CHD. Our aim was, therefore, to evaluate the effect of tea catechins (major ingredients in green tea) on postprandial lipid responses in human subjects after the consumption of test meals. In a randomized triple-crossover design, nine male subjects with mild or borderline hypertriacylglycerolaemia consumed 10 (control), 224 (moderate dose) and 674 mg (high dose) of the assigned tea catechins three times each along with a standardized light meal consisting of a piece of bread spread with 20 g butter. Plasma lipids were measured in the fasting state and 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 h after consuming the light meal. Results showed that, compared with the control, moderate and high doses of tea catechins reduced the incremental area under the plasma triacylglycerol curves by 15(.)1 and 28(.)7 %, respectively. Next, the rapid elevation of remnant-like particle cholesterol was significantly inhibited by a high dose of tea catechins 2 h after consuming the light meal (P < 0(.)01). In the range of tea catechin dosages, no significant differences were observed in the postprandial responses for plasma total cholesterol or NEFA at any time point. In conclusion, this trial demonstrated that tea catechins attenuated the postprandial increase in plasma triacylglycerol levels following a fat load. These results may provide evidence for one of the possible mechanisms involved in lowering the incidence of CVD, and may prove useful in further studies on the beneficial health effects of tea drinking.
Dietary α-linolenic acid inhibits proinflammatory cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background: Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease. We previously reported that a diet high in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) reduces lipid and inflammatory cardiovascular disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
SATURATED FATS AND BLOOD-LIPIDS - NEW SLANT ON AN OLD STORY; In recent years the association between dietary saturated fat, hypercholesterolemia, and coronary artery disease has been re-explored. Prompted largely by the notion that dietary fats, and their attendant fatty acids, can specifically influence the distribution of the plasma cholesterol between low density (LDL) and high density (HDL) lipoprotein cholesterol, the focus of the original research has shifted from total cholesterol to lipoproteins. Several new, sometimes controversial, concepts have arisen that challenge underlying assumptions of the Keys-Hegsted regression equations. First, although saturated fats as a class raise LDL, they also appear to have primary responsibility among dietary fatty acids for raising HDL, possibly depending on a balanced intake of polyunsaturated fats. Second, not all saturated fatty acids are equally responsible for changes in LDL or HDL. Only natural triglycerides (TG) rich in lauric (12:0) and myristic (14:0) acids are especially cholesterolemic, whereas 16:0-rich fats can be neutral or cholesterol-raising depending on the metabolic circum-stances (Lipoprotein setpoint) of the host. In normolipemic individuals with normal lipoprotein metabolism, dietary palmitic acid (16:0) typically appears neutral. When lipoprotein metabolism is impaired, eg, if LDL receptor:activity is depressed by the presence of dietary cholesterol, consumption of 16:0-rich TGs can contribute to hypercholesterolemia. Although stearic acid (18:0) is typically considered neutral, exaggerated consumption of 18:0-rich fat (cocoa butter) lowers both LDL and HDL. Third, the saturated fat effect is related both to the dietary cholesterol load and the lipoprotein setpoint of the host, eg, 16:0 becomes progressively cholesterolemic as dietary cholesterol raises the setpoint. But the story is not so simple because evidence suggests that fatty-acids, per se, do not completely account for the differences observed. Rather, the whole TG molecule must be considered and positioning of saturates on the TG molecule as well as any accompanying unsaturated fatty acids appear to influence the outcome in certain circumstances. Modified or arbitrarily restructured (eg, randomly inter- or intra-esterified) TG molecules can generate responses that differ from the same fatty acid profile provided as natural TGs. These several complicated and inter-related variables will be resolved only after methodical and tedious experimentation. in appropriate animal and cell models prior to their ultimate evaluation in humans.
Reduction in consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with weight loss: the PREMIER trial; Background: Consumption of liquid calories from beverages has increased in parallel with the obesity epidemic in the US population, but their causal relation remains unclear.
A DIET MODERATELY ENRICHED IN PHYTOSTEROLS LOWERS PLASMA-CHOLESTEROL CONCENTRATIONS IN NORMOCHOLESTEROLEMIC HUMANS; Twelve normolipidic healthy human subjects were fed a diet with or without additional soybean phytosterols for 4 weeks in a crossover design. The order of the treatments was randomized. Phytosterols were added to the diet blended in butter. The dietary ratio cholesterol:phytosterols was 0.7 during the control period (436 mg cholesterol/day and 29 mg phytosterols/day) and 1.88 during the phytosterols period (410 mg cholesterol/day and 740 mg phytosterols/day). Blood cholesterol was 10% lower after subjects consumed the phytosterol-enriched diet than when they consumed the control diet (p < 0.001), which was due to a 15% LDL cholesterol decrease (p < 0.001). The HDL cholesterol:LDL cholesterol ratio was markedly enhanced (+25%) (p < 0.01). These findings suggest that a significant lowering of plasma total and LDL cholesterol can be effected by a modest dietary intake of soybean phytosterols.
Modulating absorption and postprandial handling of dietary fatty acids by structuring fat in the meal: a randomized crossover clinical trial; Background: Prolonged postprandial hypertriglyceridemia is a potential risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. In the context of obesity, this is associated with a chronic imbalance of lipid partitioning oriented toward storage and not toward beta-oxidation.
Preliminary probiotic and technological characterization of <i>Pediococcus pentosaceus</i> strain KID7 and <i>in vivo</i> assessment of its cholesterol-lowering activity; The study was aimed to characterize the probiotic properties of a Pediococcus pentosaceus strain, KID7, by in vitro and in vivo studies. The strain possessed tolerance to oro-gastrointestinal transit, adherence to the Caco-2 cell line, and antimicrobial activity. KID7 exhibited bile salt hydrolase activity and cholesterol-lowering activity, in vitro. In vivo cholesterol-lowering activity of KID7 was studied using atherogenic diet-fed hypercholesterolemic mice. The experimental animals (C57BL/6J mice) were divided into 4 groups viz., normal diet-fed group (NCD), atherogenic diet-fed group (HCD), atherogenic diet- and KID7-fed group (HCD-KID7), and atherogenic diet- and Lactobacillus acidophilus ATCC 43121-fed group (HCD-L.ac) as positive control. Serum total cholesterol (T-CHO) level was significantly decreased by 19.8% in the HCD-KID7 group (P < 0.05), but not in the HCD-L.ac group compared with the HCD group. LDL cholesterol levels in both HCD-KID7 and HCD-L.ac groups were decreased by 35.5 and 38.7%, respectively, compared with HCD group (both, P < 0.05). Glutamyl pyruvic transaminase (GPT) level was significantly lower in the HCD-KID7 and HCD-L.ac groups compared to HCD group and was equivalent to that of the NCD group. Liver T-CHO levels in the HCD-KID7 group were reduced significantly compared with the HCD group (P < 0.05) but not in the HCD-L.ac group. Analysis of expression of genes associated with lipid metabolism in liver showed that low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLF?), cholesterol-7 alpha-hydroxylase (CYP7A1) and apolipoprotein E (APOE) mRNA expression was significantly increase in the HCD-KID7 group compared to the HCD group. Furthermore, KID7 exhibited desired viability under freeze-drying and subsequent storage conditions with a combination of skim milk and galactomannan. P. pentosaceus KID7 could be a potential probiotic strain, which can be used to develop cholesterol-lowering functional food after appropriate human clinical trials.
Effects of higher- versus lower-protein diets on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Numerous randomised controlled trials (RCTs) published in first tier medical journals have evaluated the health effects of diets high in protein. We conducted a rigorous systematic review of RCTs comparing higher-and lower-protein diets.
Consumption of diets with different type of fat influences triacylglycerols-rich lipoproteins particle number and size during the postprandial state; Background and aims: Previous evidence suggests that dietary fat could influence the composition and size of triacylglycerols-rich lipoproteins (TRL). In a controlled intervention study on healthy subjects, we evaluated the influence of 3 dietary interventions, with different types of fat on postprandial TRL particle size and number.
Efficacy of Plant Sterol-Enriched Food for Primary Prevention and Treatment of Hypercholesterolemia: A Systematic Literature Review; Plant sterols/phytosterols (PSs) are molecules with a similar structure to cholesterol that have a recognized effect on elevated LDL concentrations (LDL-c). PSs are used as a natural therapy against elevated LDL-c in combination with a healthy diet and exercise. A systematic review was performed to evaluate the efficacy of PS-enriched foods in the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. Randomized controlled clinical studies reporting the use of PS-enriched foods to reduce LDL-c among adult individuals were retrieved and assessed for risk of bias. Meta-analyses were performed to assess changes in LDL-c by treatment, food matrix, LDL-c range, sterols dosage and risk of bias (RoB). In the 13 studies analyzed, LDL-c in PS-treated participants decreased by an average of 12.14 (8.98; 15.29) mg/dL. PS administration was statistically more effective in patients with LDL-c >= 140 mg/dL and for PS dosages > 2 g/day. It can be concluded that PSs can be used as an important primary prevention measure for hypercholesterolemia and as tertiary prevention for cardiovascular events in patients who already have mild to moderate LDL-c. However, in severe hypercholesterolemia and in cases of familial hypercholesterolemia, it is necessary to combine dietary treatment with the use of statins.
Phytosterol-Enriched Yogurt Increases LDL Affinity and Reduces CD36 Expression in Polygenic Hypercholesterolemia; Dietary enrichment with phytosterols (plant sterols similar to cholesterol) is able to reduce plasma cholesterol levels due to reduced intestinal absorption. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of phytosterol-enriched yogurt consumption on the major serum lipid parameters, low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity, LDL-receptor affinity, and CD36 expression in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Fifteen patients affected by polygenic hypercholesterolemia were evaluated in a single-blind randomized crossover study after a 4 weeks treatment with a phytosterol-enriched yogurt containing 1.6 g esterefied phytosterols (equivalent to 1.0 g free phytosterol). Lipid parameters were compared with a phytosterol-free placebo-controlled diet. The effect of the two treatments on each variable, measured as percentage change, was compared by paired samples t test and covariance analysis. The treatment induced a modest but significant decrease in LDL-cholesterol levels (4.3%, P = 0.03) and a significant increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) 3-cholesterol (17.1%, P = 0.01). Phytosterol consumption had no effect on LDL-receptor activity whereas patient LDL-receptor affinity significantly increased (9.7%, P = 0.01) and CD36 expression showed a marked significant decrease (18.2%, P = 0.01) in the phytosterol-enriched yoghurt patients. Our data show that the oral administration of a phytosterol-enriched yogurt has modest but significant effects on commonly measured lipid parameters. The improvement of LDL-receptor affinity and the reduction in CD36 expression may reflect an important antiatherogenic effect.
Effects of probiotics supplementation on blood pressure: An umbrella meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: Several meta-analyses have revealed that probiotics could lower blood pressure (BP), but the findings were inconsistent. In this regard, an umbrella meta-analysis was carried out to provide a more accurate estimate of the overall impacts of probiotics supplementation on BP. Data synthesis: We searched the following international databases till November 2021: PubMed, Scopus, EMBASE, Web of Science, and Google Scholar. A random-effects model was applied to eval-uate the effects of probiotics on BP. Sensitivity analysis was performed by using the leave-one-out method. Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) was used to evaluate the certainty of evidence. Pooled effect size of 14 meta-analyses with 15,494 par-ticipants indicated significant decreases in both systolic (Weighted mean difference (WMD) =-1.96 mmHg; 95% confidence interval (CI):-2.78,-1.14, p < 0.001, and standardized mean differ-ence (SMD) =-2.62; 95% CI:-4.96,-0.28, p < 0.001) and diastolic BP (WMD =-1.28 mmHg; 95% CI:-1.76,-0.79, p < 0.001, and SMD =-0.60 mmHg; 95% CI:-1.08,-0.12, p = 0.014) following probiotics supplementation. Greater effects on SBP were revealed in trials with a mean age of >50 years and the duration of intervention & LE;10 weeks. DBP was also more reduced in studies with a dosage of & GE;1010 colony forming unit (CFU), and SBP was decreased in patients with hypertension or diabetes analyzing WMD. Conclusion: The present umbrella meta-analysis suggests probiotics supplementation to improve BP and claims that probiotics could be used as a complementary therapy for controlling high BP. Prospero ID: CRD42022306560. & COPY; 2022 The Italian Diabetes Society, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II Uni-versity. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Different responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to transient dysmetabolic conditions; Objective: This study evaluated the responses of the retinal and cutaneous microcirculation to acute hyperlipidemia and hyperhomocysteinemia.
Effects of Acute Hyperglucagonemia on Hepatic and Intestinal Lipoprotein Production and Clearance in Healthy Humans; OBJECTIVE-The metabolism of hepatic-and intestinally derived lipoproteins is regulated in a complex fashion by nutrients, hormones, and neurologic and other factors. Recent studies in animal models suggest an important role for glucagon acting via the glucagon receptor in regulating hepatic triglyceride (TG) secretion. Here we examined the direct effects of glucagon on regulation of hepatic and intestinal lipoprotein metabolism in humans.
Topical Topiramate Improves Wound Healing in an Animal Model of Hyperglycemia; Wound healing is severely affected in hyperglycemia and other metabolic conditions. Finding new therapeutic approaches that accelerate wound healing and improve the quality of the scar may reduce the morbidity commonly associated with skin lesions in diabetes. This study evaluated the effect of topical topiramate (TPM) on wound healing in C57 mice. Streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic mice were subjected to a wound on the back and randomly allocated for treatment with either vehicle or topical TPM cream (2%) once a day for 14 days. Polymerase chain reaction, Western blotting, and microscopy were performed for the analysis. TPM improved wound healing (complete resolution at Day 10, 98% +/- 5 for TPM vs. 81% +/- 28 for vehicle), increased organization and deposition of collagen Type I, and enhanced the quality of the scars as determined by microscopy. In addition, TPM modulated the expression of cytokines and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway: In early wound-healing stages, expression of interleukin-10, an anti-inflammatory marker, increased, whereas at the late phase, the pro-inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor-alpha and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 increased and there was increased expression of a vascular endothelial growth factor. Proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway were stimulated in the late wound-healing phase. Topical TPM improves the quality of wound healing in an animal model of hyperglycemia. The effect of TPM is accompanied by modulation of inflammatory and growth factors and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway. Therefore, topical TPM presents as a potential therapeutic agent in skin wounds in patients with hyperglycemia.
Impaired postprandial endothelial function depends on the type of fat consumed by healthy men; Postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function possibly via an oxidative stress mechanism A stearic acid-rich triacylglycerol (TAG) (shea butter) results in a blunted postprandiai increase in plasma TAG compared with an oleic acid-rich TAG; however, its acute effects or endothelial function and oxidative stress are unknown. A randomized crossover trial (n = 17 men) compared the effects of 50g fat, rich in stearic acid [shea butterblend (SA)] or oleic acid [high oleic sunflower oil 00)], on changes in endothelial function [brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD)], arterial tone [pulse wave analysis (PWA), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWVc-f)], and oxidative stress (plasma 8-isoprostane F2 alpha) at fasting and 3 h following the test meals. The postprandial increase in plasma TAG was lower (66% lower incremental area under curve) following the SA meal [28.3 (9.7,46.9)) than after the HO meal (83.4 (57.0, 109.8); P < 0.001] (geometric means with 95% Cl, arbitary units). Following the HO meal, there was a decrease in FMD [-3.0% (-4.4, -1.6); P < 0.0011 and an increase in plasma 8-isoprostane F2 alpha (10.4ng/L (3.8, 16.9); P = 0.005] compared with fasting values, but no changes followed the SA meal, The changes in 8-isoprostane F2a and FMD differed between meals and were 14.0 ng/L (6.4, 21.6; P = 0.001) and 1.75% (0.10, 3,39; P = 0.02), respectively. The reductions in PWA and PWV c-f did not differ between meals. This study demonstrates that a stearic acid-rich fat attenuates the postprandial impairment in endothelial function compared with an oleic acid-rich fat and supports the hypothesis that postprandial lipemia impairs endothelial function via an increase in oxidative stress.
Oral Fat Exposure Pattern and Lipid Loading Effects on the Serum Triacylglycerol Concentration of Humans; Orosensory exposure to dietary fat elicits an early, transient spike (first phase; minutes 0-60) and augmented, more sustained postprandial (second phase; minutes 120-360) elevation of serum triacylglycerol (TAG) in humans. To assess the physiological significance of these effects, TAG concentrations were monitored following manipulation of the oral exposure pattern and accompanying lipid load. Fifteen healthy adults participated in a randomized, 6-arm, crossover design study. Conditions consisted of ingestion of 30-g loads of safflower oil, provided as capsules to bypass oral stimulation, followed by 15 min of oral stimulation (mastication and expectoration) with full-fat or nonfat cream cheese (conditions 1 and 2); the same oral load ingested intermittently with oral stimulation by both food forms (conditions 3 and 4); and 10-g lipid loads ingested with intermittent oral stimulation by both food forms (conditions 5 and 6). Blood was collected via an indwelling catheter and TAG was measured at minutes -15, 0, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 120, 240, and 360 relative to the onset of sensory stimulation. Testing was conducted weekly. Sequential (lipid loading followed by oral stimulation) and intermittent (intermixed lipid loading and oral stimulation) conditions led to comparable TAG responses. Significant first- and second-phase TAG concentration increases were observed with the 30-g loads, but not the 10-g loads. TAG responses to the full-fat and nonfat stimuli were similar. These data support the veracity of the earlier literature based on sequential oral exposure regimens and indicate that TAG responses reflect an interaction between oral fat signaling and gut lipid content. The augmentation of TAG associated specifically with dietary fat exposure, as compared to a nonfat food matched on other sensory properties, may only occur with higher fat loads.
Effects of calcium supplementation on body weight: a meta-analysis; Background: Whether calcium supplementation can reduce body weight and prevent obesity remains unclear because of inconsistent reports.
Fenofibrate raises plasma homocysteine levels in the fasted and fed states; The effect of fenofibrate (FEN), compared with placebo (PL), on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) levels in the fasted and fed states has been examined. Twenty men with established coronary artery disease (CAD) or with at least two cardiovascular risk factors, who had elevated plasma triglyceride levels ( > 2.3 mmol/l) and reduced HDL-C levels ( < 0.91 mmol(-1)), and in whom a fibric acid derivative was clinically indicated were studied. The study was a randomized, PL controlled, double-blind study designed to test the effect of micronized FEN on postprandial lipemia. Plasma tHcy levels were investigated as a post-hoc analysis. After a 4-week dietary stabilization period, patients were randomized to PL or FEN (200 mg/day) For 8 weeks, followed by an 8-h postprandial study, consisting of 1 g fat/kg body weight (35% cream). The methionine content of cream was approximately 0.53 mg/ml. A 5-week washout period wa. then followed by a second 8-week treatment period (FEN or FL). ar the end of which a second postprandial study was undertaken. Blood was sampled in the fasted start: (0 h) and postprandially at 2, 4, 6 and 8 h. Plasma was stored at -80<degrees>C for homocysteine, vitamins B-6, B-12 and folate measurements. FEN caused a marked decrease in all triglyceride-rich lipoprotein parameters, no change in LDL-C, and an increase in HDL-C levels. Fen treatment was associated with an increase in fasting tHcy (PL: 10.3 +/- 3.3 mu mol/l to FEN: 14.1 +/- 3.8 mu mol/l, 40.4 +/- 20.5%, P < 0.001) and fed tHcy levels 6 h post-fat load (PL: 11.6 <plus/minus> 3.3 mu mol/l vs. FEN: 17.1 +/- 5.4 mu mol/l. P < 0.001). Homocysteine levels were increased by the fat load: FL: 14% (P < 0.001) and FEN: 21%, P < 0.001 at the 2, 4. 6 and 8 h time points. Change in tHcy level on FEN was not associated with changes in plasma levels of folate, vitamins B-6 or B-12 or creatinine. Amino acid analysis revealed that methionine and cysteine were significantly increased on FEN (P < 0.005). The incidence of hyperhomocysteinemia (defined as tHcy level > 14 mu mol/l) was PL: 2/20 (10%) and FEN: 9/20 (45%) (chi (2) = 4.51, P = 0.034). There was no correlation between changes in plasma triglyceride levels and tHcy levels. Since tHcy is considered an emerging cardiovascular risk factor, the ability of FEN to increase plasma tHcy levels could potentially mitigate the potential of this drug to protect against cardiovascular disease. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effect of oat -glucan on LDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol and apoB for CVD risk reduction: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised-controlled trials; Oats are a rich source of -glucan, a viscous, soluble fibre recognised for its cholesterol-lowering properties, and are associated with reduced risk of CVD. Our objective was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised-controlled trials (RCT) investigating the cholesterol-lowering potential of oat -glucan on LDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol and apoB for the risk reduction of CVD. MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL and Cochrane CENTRAL were searched. We included RCT of 3 weeks of follow-up, assessing the effect of diets enriched with oat -glucan compared with controlled diets on LDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol or apoB. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed study quality and risk of bias. Data were pooled using the generic inverse-variance method with random effects models and expressed as mean differences with 95 % CI. Heterogeneity was assessed by the Cochran's Q statistic and quantified by the I-2-statistic. In total, fifty-eight trials (n 3974) were included. A median dose of 35 g/d of oat -glucan significantly lowered LDL-cholesterol (-019; 95 % CI -023, -014 mmol/l, P < 000001), non-HDL-cholesterol (-020; 95 % CI -026, -015 mmol/l, P < 000001) and apoB (-003; 95 % CI -005, -002 g/l, P < 00001) compared with control interventions. There was evidence for considerable unexplained heterogeneity in the analysis of LDL-cholesterol (I-2=79 %) and non-HDL-cholesterol (I-2=99 %). Pooled analyses showed that oat -glucan has a lowering effect on LDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol and apoB. Inclusion of oat-containing foods may be a strategy for achieving targets in CVD reduction.
Influence of stearic acid on hemostatic risk factors in humans; Stearic acid has been claimed to be prothrombotic. Elevated plasma factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) may raise the risk of coronary thrombosis in the event of plaque rupture. Fibrinogen, an acute-phase protein, is necessary for normal blood clotting; however, elevated levels of fibrinogen increase the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Here I report the results of three controlled, human dietary intervention studies, which used a randomized crossover design to investigate the hemostatic effects of stearic acid-rich test diets in healthy young men. A diet high in stearic acid (shea butter) resulted in a 13% lower fasting plasma FVIIc than a high palmitic acid diet, and was 18% lower than a diet high in myristic and lauric acids (P= 0.001) after 3 wk of intervention. The stearic acid-rich test fat increased plasma fibrinogen concentrations slightly compared with the myristic-lauric acid diet (P< 0.01). When investigating the acute effects of fatty meals, those high in stearic acid (synthesized test fat) resulted in a smaller postprandial increase in FVII than those high in trans and oleic FA, indicating a smaller increase in activated FVII after ingesting stearic acid compared with fats high in monounsaturated FA, probably caused by lower postprandial lipemia. Thus, the present investigations did not find dietary stearic acid to be more thrombogenic, in either fasting effects compared with other long-chain FA, or in acute effects compared with dietary unsaturated FA, including trans monounsaturated FA. The slightly increased effect on fasting plasma fibrinogen may be biologically insignificant, but it should be investigated further.
Practical approaches to probiotics use; Probiotics are microorganisms exerting beneficial effects on the host. They can be ingested through foods or supplements and their inclusion in these products is regulated in Canada by the Health Canada Health Products and Food Branch. The aim of this article is to summarize current evidence from randomized controlled trials and guidelines from Health Canada, the World Health Organization, and internationally recognized expert committees in the hope that it will help practitioners and professionals recommending probiotics to healthy and diseased patients, with a focus on the Canadian setting. From a general perspective, probiotics can be recommended for prevention of diseases that are associated to altered intestinal ecology. Specifically, they can be recommended for prevention of upper respiratory tract infections and pouchitis, for prevention and management of necrotizing enterocolitis, bacterial vaginosis and antibiotic associated diarrhea, including Clostridium difficile infection, and for treatment of atopic eczema in cow's milk allergy and of infectious diarrhea. Additional substantiated probiotic benefits include prevention of hypercholesterolemia, management of constipation, reduction of recurrent urinary tract infections, improvement of irritable bowel syndrome symptoms, and reduction of antibiotics side effects in Helicobacter pylori eradication. Because probiotics are generally recognized as safe and can be removed with antimicrobial agents, their use should be considered in patients of all ages.
Epidemiology of risk factors and symptoms associated with menopause in Spanish women; Objectives: (1) To assess the prevalence of risk factors for osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease and the prevalence and severity of the appearance of menopausal symptoms among Spanish menopausal women. (2) To identify the main factors responsible for this severity. (3) To detect symptom differences between perimenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Acute Effects of Shortly Pre- Versus Postprandial Aerobic Exercise on Postprandial Lipoprotein Metabolism in Healthy but Sedentary Young Women; Aim: To compare the acute effects of shortly pre- vs. postprandial exercise on postprandial lipid metabolism in healthy but sedentary young Japanese women.
Possible anti-obesity effects of phytosterols and phytostanols supplementation in humans: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Present meta-analysis investigates the effects of phytosterols and phytostanol (PS) supplementation on anthropometric indices, using data from randomized controlled trials. We performed a systematic search in the databases: PubMed, Scopus, Cochran, and Web of Science. Weighted mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were presented. Overall, 79 randomized controlled trials investigated the effects of PS on anthropometric indices. Meta-analysis results did not reveal any significant effect of PS supplementation on weight (66 trials-WMD: -0.083 kg; CI [-0.233, 0.066]; I-2 = 42.5%), percentage fat mass (6 trials-WMD: -0.090%; CI [-0.789, 0.610]; I-2 = 0.0%), and waist circumference (WC; 5 trials-WMD: -0.039 cm; CI [-0.452, 0.374]; I-2 = 0.0%). However, body mass index (BMI) significantly decreased after PS supplementation (39 trials-WMD: -0.063 kg/m2, p = 0.024, I-2 = 25.1%). Subgroup analyses showed that PS supplementation in subjects with baseline BMI >= 25 and hyperlipidemic significantly decreased body weight and BMI. The overall results showed that although PS supplementation did not affect anthropometric indices (except BMI), baseline status regarding BMI and hyperlipidemia and also dose and duration could be contributing factors for favorable effects.
Activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)δ promotes reversal of multiple metabolic abnormalities, reduces oxidative stress, and increases fatly acid oxidation in moderately obese men; OBJECTIEVE-Pharmacological use of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)delta agonists and transgenic overexpression of PPAR delta in mice suggest amelioration of features of the metabolic syndrome through enhanced fat oxidation in skeletal muscle. We hypothesize a similar mechanism operates in humans.
Association between dietary pattern and risk of cardiovascular disease among adults in the Middle East and North Africa region: a systematic review; Objective: This paper reviews the evidence related to the association of dietary pattern with coronary heart disease (CHD), strokes, and the associated risk factors among adults in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
Dietary Intake in Early Pregnancy and Glycemia in Late Pregnancy among Women with Obesity; Women with obesity have increased risk for hyperglycemia during pregnancy, with negative health consequences for mother and child. We aimed to investigate adherence to nutritional recommendations in early pregnancy and to examine associations between early pregnancy dietary intake and late pregnancy glycemia among women with obesity. We included 120 women with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) >= 30 kg/m(2) who participated in one of two randomized controlled trials. The participants completed a food frequency questionnaire in early pregnancy (gestational weeks 12-22). Fasting and 120 min glucose tolerance after ingestion of 75 g glucose were assessed in late pregnancy (gestational weeks 32-37). About 90% of the participants reported early pregnancy diary intake within the recommendations. Average intakes of vitamin D, iron, and folate were below recommended levels. High intakes of dairy products and protein in early pregnancy were associated with lower fasting glucose in late pregnancy, whereas high intake of bread was associated with lower 120 min glucose. There were no clear associations between single dietary variables and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosis in late pregnancy. In conclusion, some early pregnancy dietary variables were associated with late pregnancy glycemia. Potential causality of these findings should be investigated in future studies.
Soy food consumption does not lower LDL cholesterol in either equol or nonequol producers; Background: Health claims link soy protein (SP) consumption, through plasma cholesterol reduction, to a decreased risk of heart disease. Soy isoflavones (ISOs), particularly in individuals who produce equol, might also contribute to lipid lowering and thus reduce SP requirements.
Lactic-fermented egg white reduced serum cholesterol concentrations in mildly hypercholesterolemic Japanese men: a double-blind, parallel-arm design; Background: Lactic-fermented egg white (LE), produced by lactic acid fermentation of egg white, is an easy-toconsume form of egg white. Here we assessed the effect of daily consumption of LE for 8 weeks on serum total cholesterol (TC) levels.
Effect of probiotic supplementation on gastrointestinal motility, inflammation, motor, non-motor symptoms and mental health in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; BackgroundParkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease worldwide. Gut dysbiosis is hypothesized to cause PD; therefore, whether probiotics can be used as adjuvants in the treatment of PD is being actively investigated.AimsWe performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of probiotic therapy in PD patients.MethodsPUBMED/MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane, Scopus, PsycINFO and Web of Science databases were searched till February 20, 2023. The meta-analysis used a random effects model and the effect size was calculated as mean difference or standardized mean difference. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the Grade of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach.ResultsEleven studies involving 840 participants were included in the final analysis. This meta-analysis showed high-quality evidence of improvement in Unified PD Rating Scale Part III motor scale (standardized mean difference [95% confidence interval]) (- 0.65 [- 1.11 to - 0.19]), non-motor symptom (- 0.81 [- 1.12 to - 0.51]), and depression scale (- 0.70 [- 0.93 to -0.46]). Moderate to low quality evidence of significant improvement was observed in gastrointestinal motility (0.83 [0.45-1.10]), quality of life (- 1.02 [- 1.66 to - 0.37]), anxiety scale (- 0.72 [- 1.10 to - 0.35]), serum inflammatory markers (- 5.98 [- 9.20 to - 2.75]), and diabetes risk (- 3.46 [- 4.72 to - 2.20]). However, there were no significant improvements in Bristol Stool Scale scores, constipation, antioxidant capacity, and risk of dyslipidemia. In a subgroup analysis, probiotic capsules improved gastrointestinal motility compared to fermented milk.ConclusionProbiotic supplements may be suitable for improving the motor and non-motor symptoms of PD and reducing depression. Further research is warranted to determine the mechanism of action of probiotics and to determine the optimal treatment protocol.
Effect of Probiotics in Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Simple Summary Probiotics possess potential to protect against breast cancer due to their immunomodulatory activity and their ability to impact the intestinal microbiota. Experimental studies have identified key probiotic microorganisms, but their clinical role in prevention of breast cancer and the efficacy of such supplements to control chemotherapy-induced side effects is less documented. A significant number of such intervention studies have recently been published, so we, therefore, conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all randomized clinical trials of probiotic use in breast cancer patients and survivors, including combination prebiotic use, to provide clarity regarding actions and role/benefit for preventive and palliative care. Probiotics may have the potential to protect against breast cancer, partly through systemic immunomodulatory action and active impact upon intestinal microbiota. Given a few clinical studies on their curative role, we conducted a systematic review of the potential effects of probiotics in breast cancer patients and survivors of breast cancer, aiming to support further clinical studies. A literature search was performed using PubMed, Embase, and the CENTRAL databases from inception through to March 2022. A total of eight randomized clinical trials were identified from thirteen articles published between 2004 and 2022. We evaluated quality-of-life measures, observed bacterial species and diversity indices, probiotic-related metabolites, inflammatory biomarkers, and other responses in breast cancer patients and survivors. Results were synthesized qualitatively and quantitatively using random-effects meta-analysis. Different probiotics supplements utilized included Lactobacillus species alone (Lacto), with or without estriol; probiotic combinations of Lactobacillus with Bifidobacterium (ProLB), with or without prebiotic fructooligosaccharides (FOS); ProLB plus Streptococcus and FOS (ProLBS + FOS); and ProLB plus Enterococcus (ProLBE). We found that use of ProLBS with FOS in breast cancer patients and use of ProLBE in survivors of breast cancer show potential benefits in countering obesity and dyslipidemia. ProLBS with FOS use decreases pro-inflammatory TNF-alpha in breast cancer survivors and improves quality of life in those with breast-cancer-associated lymphedema. Supplementing probiotics capsules (10(9) CFU) with a prebiotic and using an intake duration of 10 weeks could provide a better approach than probiotics alone.
Chylomicrons in disease-future challenges Invited keynote address; It has taken many years to unravel the pathological implications of postprandial dyslipidaemia. Life-style and pharmacological interventions to reduce risk of atherosclerosis have developed empirically. Without clear understanding of the Underlying mechanisms. Acceptance of the premise that chylomicrons play a Key role in atherogenesis brings new understanding to the mechanisms underlying empirical risk-reduction strategies.
Nutraceutical potential of mushroom bioactive metabolites and their food functionality; Numerous mushroom bioactive metabolites, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been studied in life-threatening conditions and diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity attempting to identify natural therapies. These bioactive metabolites have shown potential as antiviral and immune system strengthener natural agents through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, widely available, and inexpensive. In light of the emerging literature, this paper compiles the most recent information describing the molecular mechanisms that underlie the nutraceutical potentials of these mushroom metabolites suggesting their effectiveness if combined with existing drug therapies while discussing the food functionality of mushrooms. The findings raise hope that these mushroom bioactive metabolites may be utilized as natural therapies considering their therapeutic potential while anticipating further research designing clinical trials and developing new drug therapies while encouraging their consumption as a natural adjuvant in preventing and controlling life-threatening conditions and diseases. Practical applications Diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity are among the world's largest life-threatening conditions and diseases. Several mushroom bioactive compounds, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been found potential in tackling these diseases through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, suggesting their use as nutraceutical foods in preventing and controlling these life-threatening conditions and diseases.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of a new isolated soy protein with high levels of nondenaturated protein in hypercholesterolemic patients; This study was undertaken to compare the effects on plasma cholesterol concentration of a new isolated soy protein in which the protein structure is kept in its native, nonclenaturated form (verum 1) versus a conventional isolated soy protein (verum 2) and milk protein (placebo). This prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted in an outpatient clinical study center in Berlin, Germany. Over 8 wk, 120 patients (total cholesterol, 5.2-7.8 mmol/L) were given verum 1, verunn 2, or placebo at a dosage of 25 g protein daily. At the end of the treatment period, total cholesterol levels were significantly reduced by 10.7% in the verum 1 group compared with placebo (P <.001), and levels were reduced by 5.8% in the verum 2 group (P=.008). The difference between the 2 verum groups was statistically significant (P=.008). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly reduced with nonclenaturated isolated soy protein only: levels were reduced by 9.4% in the verum 1 group (P=.002) and by 4.9% in the verum 2 group (P=.107). Again, the difference between the verum groups was significant (P=.05). The results of this study confirm that supplementation with isolated soy protein can lead to significant reductions in plasma concentrations of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. These reductions are significantly more pronounced with an isolated soy protein that maintains the native protein structure than with a commercially available reference isolated soy protein.
A randomized clinical trial evaluating a proprietary mixture of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> strains for lowering cholesterol; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease, global leading cause of morbi-mortality, deserve a special attention of efficacious and safe treatments. Development of new principles based on the intestinal microbiome has been revealed as a promising approach.
Isolation and Identification of <i>Saccharomyces boulardii</i> as a Probiotic Yeast and Investigation of its <i>In vitro</i> and <i>In vivo</i> Beneficial Applications; Background: Yeasts are becoming increasingly popular as possible new resources to improve the nutritional value of food qualities like flavor, color, and vitamin content, as well as tools for preventing food spoiling due to their anti-microbial capabilities.Objective: This study aims to test the role of isolated Saccharomyces boulardii as a promising probiotic as well as Jerusalem artichoke as a prebiotic in a feeding animal model to test their possible functions in regulating lipid profile and bacterial count in the faeces of tested animals.Methods: For the isolation of yeast cultures on YM agar medium, five milk samples were randomly obtained from the Faculty of Agriculture at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, Egypt. S. boulardii was morphologically, physiologically, and molecularly identified and deposited in the gene bank; additionally, identification was confirmed using the BIOLOG system. For 30 days, researchers compared the roles of S. boulardii as a probiotic and Jerusalem artichoke as a prebiotic in controlling serum lipid profile and faeces microbial count in the tested animal groups.Results: The acid and bile tolerance tests illustrate the promising ability of S. boulardii. Additionally, S. boulardii could survive on simulated stomach and intestinal fluids. An in vivo feeding test showed that rats fed S. boulardii grew and gained weight faster. Furthermore, eating S. boulardii causes a marked increase in HDL levels and a marked drop in LDL, cholesterol, and triglycerides. Rats that consumed Jerusalem artichokes and a probiotic strain had significantly lower numbers of coliforms and Staphylococcus sp. in their stools.Conclusion: These results revealed the possible beneficial role of S. boulardii in overcoming hyperlipidemia, which should be applied on a large scale after verification of outcomes.
Soy protein and isoflavones: their effects on blood lipids and bone density in postmenopausal women; The effects of soy protein (40 g/d) containing moderate and higher concentrations of isoflavones on blood lipid profiles, mononuclear cell LDL receptor messenger RNA, and bone mineral density and content were investigated in 66 free-living. hypercholesterolemic, postmenopausal women during a 6-mo, parallel-group, double-blind trial with 3 interventions. After a control period of 14 d, during which subjects followed a National Cholesterol Education Program Step I low-fat, low-cholesterol diet, all subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 dietary groups: Step I diet with 40 g protein/d obtained from casein and nonfat dry milk (CNFDM), Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 1.39 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP56), or Step I diet with 40 g protein/d from isolated soy protein containing 2.25 mg isoflavones/g protein (ISP90). Total and regional bone mineral content and density were assessed. Non-HDL cholesterol for both ISP56 and ISP90 groups was reduced compared with the CNFDM group (P < 0.05). HDL cholesterol increased in both ISP56 and ISP90 groups (P < 0.05). Mononuclear cell LDL receptor mRNA was increased in subjects consuming ISP56 or ISP90 compared with those consuming CNFDM (P < 0.05). Significant increases occurred in both bone mineral content and density in the lumbar spine but not elsewhere for the ISP90 group compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Intake of soy protein at both isoflavone concentrations for 6 mo may decrease the risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women. However, only the higher isoflavone-containing product protected against spinal bone loss.
Comparison of the effects of diets enriched in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids on serum lipids and lipoproteins in healthy women and men; The degree to which different saturated fatty acids exert their cholesterol-raising effects is still unknown. Therefore, 0we studied the effect on serum lipids and lipoproteins of diets rich in lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. Eighteen women and 14 men consumed in random order three experimental diets, each for 6 wk. The diets consisted of solid foods and contained 40% of energy as fat, of which 28% was supplied by the experimental fats. The fat high in lauric acid was a mixture of palm kernel oil (75%) and a high-oleic acid sunflower oil (25%); the fat high in palmitic acid consisted of dairy fat (55%), palmstearin (36%), and sunflower oil (9%); and the fat high in oleic acid consisted of dairy fat (37%) and sunflower oil (63%). The calculated nutrient composition was the same in each diet except for approximate to 8.5% of energy, which was provided by lauric, palmitic, or oleic acids. With the lauric acid diet the subjects' serum total cholesterol concentration increased by 0.22 mmol/L (P = 0.0121; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.41 mmol/L) as compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.48 mmol/L (P < 0.0001; 95% CI: 0.29, 0.67 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. Total cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid diet were 0.26 mmol/L (P = 0.0012; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.46 mmol/L) higher than with the oleic acid diet. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol concentrations increased by 0.12 mmol/L (P = 0.006; 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20 mmol/L) with the lauric acid compared with the palmitic acid diet and by 0.14 mmol/L (P < 0.001; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.22 mmol/L) compared with the oleic acid diet. HDL-cholesterol concentrations with the palmitic acid and the oleic acid diet were the same. No effects were seen in serum triacylglycerol and lipoprotein(a) concentrations. We conclude that both lauric and palmitic acids are hypercholesterolemic compared with oleic acid. Lauric acid raises total cholesterol concentrations more than palmitic acid, which is partly due to a stronger rise in HDL cholesterol.
The protective effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk on high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury; The effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk (fermented by mixture of Bifidobacterium bifidum, Lactobacillus casei, and L plantarum) on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury were examined. CS7BL/ 6N mice were randomly assigned into four groups that were treated with different diets: normal chow (NC), HFD, HFD with probiotic-fermented soymilk and HFD with non-fermented soymilk. After treatment for 6 weeks, probiotic-fermented soymilk treatment significantly reduced HFD-induced body weight gain, hyperlipidemia, liver fat accumulation and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. In addition, probiotic-fermented soymilk consumption significantly reduced the levels of serum alanine aminotransfera se (ALT), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and liver tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) compared with the HFD treatment. Further, probiotic-fermented soymilk significantly increased the serum leptin level. In conclusion, probiotic-fermented soymilk reduced hyperlipidemia and liver injury induced by HFD. The role of probiotic-fermented soymilk may decrease the production of liver LPS, TNF-alpha, and oxidative stress and induce adipose leptin and triacylglycerol hydrolase (TGH) production. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
EatSmart: Efficacy of a multifaceted preventive nutrition intervention in clinical practice; Background. We evaluated a multifaceted preventive nutrition intervention to improve dietary habits among adult primary care patients.
Comparison between pre-exercise casein peptide and intact casein supplementation on glucose tolerance in mice fed a high-fat diet; We hypothesized that along with exercise, casein peptide supplementation would have a higher impact on improving glucose tolerance than intact casein. Male 6-week-old ICR mice were provided a high-fat diet to induce obesity and glucose intolerance. The mice were randomly divided into 4 treatment groups: control (Con), endurance training (Tr), endurance training with intact casein supplementation (Cas+Tr), and endurance training with casein peptide supplementation (CP+Tr). The mice in each group were orally administrated water, intact casein, or casein peptide (1.0 mg/g body weight, every day), and then subjected to endurance training (15-25 m/min, 60 min, 5 times/week for 4 weeks) on a motor-driven treadmill 30 min after ingestion. Our results revealed that total intra-abdominal fat was significantly lower in CP+Tr than in Con (p < 0.05). Following an oral glucose tolerance test, the blood glucose area under the curve (AUC) was found to be significantly smaller for CP+Tr than for Con (p < 0.05). Moreover, in the soleus muscle, glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) protein levels were significantly higher in CP+Tr than in Con (p < 0.01). However, intra-abdominal fat, blood glucose AUC, and GLUT4 protein content in the soleus muscle did not alter in Tr and Cas+Tr when compared with Con. These observations suggest that pre-exercise casein peptide supplementation has a higher effect on improving glucose tolerance than intact casein does in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Direct comparison of a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods with a statin in hypercholesterolemic participants; Background: 3-Hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors reduce serum cholesterol and are increasingly advocated in primary prevention to achieve reductions in LDL cholesterol. Newer dietary approaches combining cholesterol-lowering foods may offer another option, but these approaches have not been compared directly with statins in the same persons.
The promising role of probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics in energy metabolism biomarkers in patients with NAFLD: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a chronic liver disease with a high prevalence worldwide, seriously harming human health, and its pathogenesis remains unclear. In recent years, increasing evidence has indicated that intestinal microbiota plays an important role in the occurrence and development of NAFLD. The regulation method of probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics can alter the intestinal microbiota and has been suggested as an option in the treatment of NAFLD. Methods: Five databases of PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, clinicaltrails.gov, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure were searched initially, and then the eligible studies were screened. Finally, the data of included studieswere extracted, combined and analyzed Results: A total of 29 randomized controlled trials involving 2,110 patients were included in this study. The results showed that using probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics in the intervention group could reduce the levels of glucose (SMD = -0.23, 95% CI [-0.45, -0.01], P = 0.04), HOMA-IR (SMD = -0.47, 95% CI [-0.63, -0.31], P < 0.00001) and insulin (SMD = -0.46, 95% CI [-0.76, -0.16], P = 0.002) in sugar metabolism; in terms of lipid metabolism, the levels of TC (SMD = -0.62, 95%CI [-0.87, -0.36], P < 0.00001), and LDL-C (SMD = -0.57, 95%CI [-0.85, -0.28], P < 0.00001) were decreased; and the level of ALB was decreased in protein metabolism (SMD = -0.34, 95%CI [-0.61, -0.06], P = 0.02). Conclusions: Based on the current evidence, probiotics/prebiotics/synbiotics may improve energy metabolism biomarkers in the NAFLD population, but these effects still need to be confirmed by further research.Systematic Review Registration.
Effects of dietary fat quality and quantity on postprandial activation of blood coagulation factor VII; Acute elevation of the coagulant activity of blood coagulation factor VII (FVIIc) is observed after consumption of high-fat meals. This elevation is caused by an increase in the concentration of activated FVII (FVIIa). In a randomized crossover study, we investigated whether saturated, monounsaturated, or polyunsaturated fats differed regarding postprandial activation of FVII. Eighteen healthy young men participated in the study. On 6 separate days each participant consumed two meals (times, 0 and 1 3/4 hours) enriched with 70 g (15 and 55 g) of either rapeseed oil, olive oil, sunflower oil, palm oil, or butter (42% of energy from fat) or isoenergetic low-fat meals (6% of energy from fat). Easting and series of nonfasting blood samples (the last at time 8 1/2 hours) were collected. Plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, FVIIa, and free fatty acids were analyzed. There were marked effects of the fat quantity on postprandial responses of plasma triglycerides, FVII, and free fatty acids. The high-fat meals caused, in contrast to the low-fat meals, considerable increases in plasma triglycerides. Plasma levels of FVIIc and FVIIa peaks were 7% and 60% higher after consumption of high-fat meals than after consumption of low-fat meals. The five different fat qualities caused similar postprandial increases in plasma triglycerides, FVIIc, and FVIIa. These findings indicate that high-fat meals may be prothrombotic, irrespective of their fatty acid composition. The postprandial FVII activation was not associated with the plasma triglyceride or free fatty acid responses.
Comparison of the impact of <i>trans</i> fatty acids from ruminant and industrial sources on surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in healthy men; Scope: Mechanisms by which trans fatty acids (TFA) from industrial (iTFA) and ruminant (rTFA) sources alter cholesterol homeostasis are virtually unknown. We compared the impact of dietary iTFA and rTFA on surrogate markers of cholesterol absorption (beta-sitosterol and campesterol) and synthesis (lathosterol) in healthy men.
Effects of isomalt consumption on gastrointestinal and metabolic parameters in healthy volunteers; The polyol isomalt (Palatinit((R))) is a well established sugar replacer. The impact of regular isomalt consumption on metabolism and parameters of gut function in nineteen healthy volunteers was examined in a randomised, double-blind, cross-over trial with two 4-week test periods. Volunteers received 30 g isomalt or 30 g sucrose daily as part of a controlled diet. In addition to clinical standard diagnostics, biomarkers and parameters currently discussed as risk factors for CHD, diabetes or obesity were analysed. Urine and stool Ca and phosphate excretions were measured. In addition, mean transit time, defecation frequency, stool consistency and weight were determined. Consumption of test products was affirmed by the urinary excretion of mannitol. Blood lipids were comparable in both phases, especially in volunteers with hyperlipidaemia, apart from lower apo A-1 (P=0.03) for all subjects. Remnant-like particles, oxidised LDL, NEFA, fructosamine and leptin were comparable and not influenced by isomalt. Ca and phosphate homeostasis was not affected. Stool frequency was moderately increased in the isomalt phase (P=0.006) without changes in stool consistency and stool water. This suggests that isomalt is well tolerated and that consumption of isomalt does not impair metabolic function or induce hypercalciuria. In addition, the study data indicate that isomalt could be useful in improving bowel function.
Adding MUFA to a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods reduces apoAI fractional catabolic rate in subjects with dyslipidaemia; The present randomised parallel study assessed the impact of adding MUFA to a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods on the intravascular kinetics of apoAI- and apoB-containing lipoproteins in subjects with dyslipidaemia. A sample of sixteen men and postmenopausal women consumed a run-in stabilisation diet for 4 weeks. Subjects were then randomly assigned to an experimental dietary portfolio either high or low in MUFA for another 4 weeks. MUFA substituted 13.0% of total energy from carbohydrate (CHO) in the high-MUFA dietary portfolio. Lipoprotein kinetics were assessed after the run-in and portfolio diets using a primed, constant infusion of [H-2(3)]leucine and multicompartmental modelling. The high-MUFA dietary portfolio resulted in higher apoAI pool size (PS) compared with the low-MUFA dietary portfolio (15.9% between-diet difference, P=0.03). This difference appeared to be mainly attributable to a reduction in apoAI fractional catabolic rate (FCR) after the high-MUFA diet (-5.6%, P=0.02 v. pre-diet values), with no significant change in production rate. The high-MUFA dietary portfolio tended to reduce LDL apoB100 PS compared with the low-MUFA dietary portfolio (-28.5% between-diet difference, P=0.09), predominantly through an increase in LDL apoB100 FCR (23.2% between-diet difference, P=0.04). These data suggest that adding MUFA to a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods provides the added advantage of raising HDL primarily through a reduction in HDL clearance rate. Replacing CHO with MUFA in a dietary portfolio may also lead to reductions in LDL apoB100 concentrations primarily by increasing LDL clearance rate, thus potentiating further the well-known cholesterol-lowering effect of this diet.
Postprandial oxidative stress in response to dextrose and lipid meals of differing size; We have recently noted that ingestion of dietary lipid (in the form of heavy whipping cream) leads to greater oxidative stress than dietary carbohydrate (in the form of dextrose), when consumed in isocaloric amounts.
Effects of weight loss from a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on biomarkers of inflammatory stress, fibrinolysis, and endothelial function in obese subjects; Objective: Obesity is characterized by chronic subclinical inflammation, which is critical to endothelial dysfunction. Weight loss, induced by lifestyle interventions, is associated with a decline in biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. There is little evidence that high dietary calcium intake may reduce inflammation and improve endothelial function. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of weight loss from a high-calcium energy-reduced diet on biomarkers of inflammation, fibrinolysis, and endothelial function in obese individuals.
The Effect of Dietary Supplements on Oxidative Stress in Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Network Meta-Analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exacerbates the oxidative stress status of the pregnant women. tau o improve the oxidative stress status, several therapeutic interventions have been suggested. The aim of this network meta-analysis is to assess the effect of different dietary supplements on the oxidative stress status in pregnant women with GDM. Methods: A network meta-analysis of randomized control trials was performed comparing the changes delta (Delta) in total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA) as primary outcomes, following different therapeutic interventions with dietary supplements in pregnant women with GDM. Four electronic databases and grey literature sources were searched. The secondary outcomes were other markers of oxidative stress. Results: The meta-analysis included 16 studies of 1173 women with GDM. Regarding Delta TAC: probiotics and omega-3 with vitamin E were superior to placebo/no intervention. Regarding Delta MDA: vitamin D with calcium, omega-3, vitamin D, omega-3 with vitamin E, magnesium with zinc and calcium, and probiotics were superior to placebo/no intervention. Conclusions: Administration of dietary supplements in women with GDM can be helpful in limiting the oxidative stress which develop in these pregnancies.
Effects of Egg Consumption on Blood Lipids: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Background: It is widely agreed that egg consumption only modestly influences serum lipid concentrations. However, there is no meta-analysis summarizing existing randomized controlled trials.
The impact of statins on psychological wellbeing: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Cholesterol-lowering medications such as statins have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties, which may be beneficial for treating depression and improving mood. However, evidence regarding their effects remains inconsistent, with some studies reporting links to mood disturbances. We aimed to conduct a meta-analysis to determine the impact of statins on psychological wellbeing of individuals with or without hypercholesterolemia.
Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Activity and Gene Expression in the Adipose Tissue of Buffalo Bulls Was Unaffected by Diets with Different Fat Content and Fatty Acid Profile; Research on diet effects on buffalo meat quality may be critical to assess its possible consumption benefits in human nutrition. This study investigated, in growing buffalo bulls, the effects of two diets differing in total fat content and fatty acid profile on the activity and gene expression of Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase (SCD) in the adipose tissue and on meat quality. Twenty buffalo bulls, 6 months old, were randomly assigned to the two dietary treatments until slaughtering (about 400 kg body weight). No significant difference between the groups was observed for chemical composition, fatty acid profile and CLAs content of Longissimus thoracis as well as for the SCD gene expression. Such results seem to be in contrast with similar studies performed on other ruminant species, but confirm that important differences occur between buffalo and bovine species, such as the lower content in fat of buffalo meat. Our results also confirm that specific studies should be performed on buffalo, also in terms of the metabolic pathways activated by different diets.
HDL therapy today: from atherosclerosis, to stent compatibility to heart failure; Epidemiologically, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels have been inversely associated to cardiovascular (CV) events, although a Mendelian Randomisation Study had failed to establish a clear causal role. Numerous atheroprotective mechanisms have been attributed to HDL, the main being the ability to promote cholesterol efflux from arterial walls; anti-inflammatory effects related to HDL ligands such as S1P (sphingosine-1-phosphate), resolvins and others have been recently identified. Experimental studies and early clinical investigations have indicated the potential of HDL to slow progression or induce regression of atherosclerosis. More recently, the availability of different HDL formulations, with different phospholipid moieties, has allowed to test other indications for HDL therapy. Positive reports have come from studies on coronary stent biocompatibility, where the use of HDL from different sources reduced arterial cell proliferation and thrombogenicity. The observation that low HDL-C levels may be associated with an enhanced risk of heart failure (HF) has also suggested that HDL therapy may be applied to this condition. HDL infusions or apoA-I gene transfer were able to reverse heart abnormalities, reduce diastolic resistance and improve cardiac metabolism. HDL therapy may be effective not only in atherosclerosis, but also in other conditions, of relevant impact on human health.Key messages High-density lipoproteins have as a major activity that of removing excess cholesterol from tissues (particularly arteries). Knowledge on the activity of high-density lipoproteins on health have however significantly widened. HDL-therapy may help to improve stent biocompatibility and to reduce peripheral arterial resistance in heart failure.
Beans, as a source of dietary fiber, increase cholecystokinin and apolipoprotein B48 response to test meals in men; Dry beans lower plasma cholesterol, an effect that has been associated with both the fiber and the protein content of beans. The objective of this study was to determine the acute hormone and lipid responses to a test meal that contained dry beans as a source of dietary fiber. A crossover design was employed in which men consumed the test meal and a control meal in random order. Both meals contained egg, bread, jelly, orange juice, milk and margarine. The high fiber meal contained white beans, whereas the low fiber (control) meal contained rice and dry milk. The men maintained their normal dietary pattern and fasted overnight before the study days. After a fasting blood sample was drawn, the men consumed the test meal and blood samples were collected over the next 6 h. Blood samples were analyzed for cholecystokinin (CCK), insulin and glucose. Plasma was separated into lipoprotein fractions and the triglyceride, cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B100 and B48 content of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins determined. Insulin and glucose responses did not differ significantly between test meals; however, the CCK response was twice as high after the bean-containing meal than after the low fiber meal (P = 0.03). The increase in apo B48 concentration was significantly higher after the bean meal than after the low fiber meal (P < 0.05). Adding beans to a meal to increase fiber content prolongs the postprandial presence of intestinally derived lipoproteins and augments the CCK response to the meal.
Oral fat exposure increases the first phase triacylglycerol concentration due to release of stored lipid in humans; Oral exposure to dietary fat (through modified sham feeding, which entails mastication and expectoration of foods) augments the postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration, in part, though augmented lipid absorption. This study was designed to characterize early events in this process. At 2200 h, 25 healthy adults (13 men, 12 women) consumed 80 g of almonds (high oleic acid content) and fasted until similar to0700 h. After placement of a catheter in a hand vein and 4 blood draws at 10-min intervals, 50 1-g safflower oil (high linoleic acid content) capsules were consumed. After another blood draw, modified sham feeding was initiated with a cracker only or cracker with cream cheese in random order with 1 wk between trials. Oral exposures occurred at 5-min intervals for 60 min then at 15-min intervals from min 60 to 120. Additional blood draws occurred at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 30, 60, 120, 240, 360 and 480 min. Oral stimulation, especially by fat, prompted the rapid (mean similar to23 min) release of lipid stored from the previous meal (almonds) in all participants. This resulted in multimodal postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) peaks generally occurring at 0-30 min, 60-120 min and 240-480 min after loading and initiation of oral stimulation. TAG magnitudes during these times were correlated (r = 0.40-0.89, P < 0.001-P = 0.053). It is proposed that the sensory-enhanced release of lipid from the residual pool initiates an early TAG rise, which augments the peak attributable to absorption of meal lipid; this in turn supplements a later peak associated with release of endogenously synthesized TAG because lipid from all three sources competed for a common clearance mechanism. If substantiated, additional understanding of the behavioral factors (e.g., eating patterns) that initiate this cascade will be warranted.
Maternal low intensity physical exercise prevents obesity in offspring rats exposed to early overnutrition; Low intensity exercise during pregnancy and lactation may create a protective effect against the development of obesity in offspring exposed to overnutrition in early life. To test these hypotheses, pregnant rats were randomly assigned into 2 groups: Sedentary and Exercised, low intensity, on a rodent treadmill at 30% VO2Max /30-minute/session/3x/week throughout pregnancy and the lactation. Male offspring were raised in small litters (SL, 3 pups/dam) and normal litters (NL, 9 pups/dam) as models of early overnutrition and normal feed, respectively. Exercised mothers showed low mesenteric fat pad stores and fasting glucose and improved glucose-insulin tolerance, VO2max during lactation and sympathetic activity. Moreover, the breast milk contained elevated levels of insulin. In addition, SL of sedentary mothers presented metabolic dysfunction and glucose and insulin intolerance and were hyperglycemic and hyperinsulinemic in adulthood. SL of exercised mothers showed lower fat tissue accretion and improvements in glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, insulinemia and glycemia. The results suggest that maternal exercise during the perinatal period can have a possible reprogramming effect to prevent metabolic dysfunction in adult rat offspring exposed to early overnutrition, which may be associated with the improvement in maternal health caused by exercise.
Use of Oral Anti-Diabetic Agents in Pregnancy: A Pragmatic Approach; Insulin is the gold standard for treatment of hyperglycemia during pregnancy, when lifestyle measures do not maintain glycemic control during pregnancy. However, recent studies have suggested that certain oral hypoglycemic agents (metformin and glyburide) may be safe and be acceptable alternatives. There are no serious safety concerns with metformin, despite it crossing the placenta. Neonatal outcomes are also comparable, with benefit of reductions in neonatal hypoglycemia, maternal hypoglycemia and weight gain, and improved treatment satisfaction. Glibenclamide is more effective in lowering blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes, and with a lower treatment failure rate than metformin. Although generally well-tolerated, some studies have reported higher rates of pre-eclampsia, neonatal jaundice, longer stay in the neonatal care unit, macrosomia, and neonatal hypoglycaemia. There is also paucity of long-term follow-up data on children exposed to oral agents in utero. This review aims to provide an evidence-based approach, concordant with basic and clinical pharmacological knowledge, which will help medical practitioners use oral anti-diabetic agents in a rational and pragmatic manner. Pubmed search was made using Medical Subject Headings (MESH) terms "Diabetes" and "Pregnancy" and "Glyburide"; "Diabetes" and "Pregnancy" and "Metformin". Limits were randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and metaanalysis. The expert reviews on the topic were also used for discussion. Additional information (studies/review) pertaining to discussion under sub-headings like safety during breastfeeding; placental transport; long-term safety data were searched (pubmed/cross-references/expert reviews).
Whey Protein Supplementation Does Not Affect Exercise Training-Induced Changes in Body Composition and Indices of Metabolic Syndrome in Middle-Aged Overweight and Obese Adults; Little is known about the effects of different quantities of whey protein on exercise training-induced changes in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults. Therefore, we examined the effects of consuming 0.8-MJ supplements with 0 (n = 126), 10 (n = 112), 20 (n = 44), or 30 (n = 45) g whey protein twice daily in conjunction with resistance (2 d/wk) and aerobic (1 d/wk) exercise training in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, community-based 9-mo study in men (n = 117) and women (n = 210); (age: 48 +/- 7.9 y; BMI: 30.0 +/- 2.8 kg/m(2)). Whey protein supplementation did not influence any of the following outcomes, some of which were affected by training. Among all participants, strength increased by 15 +/- 12% (P < 0.001) and maximal oxygen uptake capacity (VO(2)max) increased by 9 +/- 15% (P < 0.001). Body weight was unchanged (0.1 +/- 3.7 kg, P = 0.80), lean body mass increased by 1.9 +/- 2.8% (0.95 +/- 1.3 kg, P < 0.001), and fat mass decreased by 2.6 +/- 9.4% (-0.86 +/- 3.1 kg, P = 0.001). Oral-glucose-tolerance testing showed that plasma glucose AUC was unchanged (-18.0 +/- 170 mmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.16), insulin AUC decreased by 2.6 +/- 32% (-7.5 +/- 29 nmol/L . 3 h, P = 0.01), and HOMA-IR (0.2 +/- 2.0, P = 0.81) and the insulin sensitivity index (0.3 +/- 3.0, P = 0.63) were unchanged. Plasma concentrations of TG; total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol; C-reactive protein; plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; blood pressure; and waist circumference were unchanged. Whey protein supplementation did not affect exercise training-induced responses in body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome in middle-aged overweight and obese adults who maintained body weight. J. Nutr. 142: 1532-1539, 2012.
Anti-Diabetic Potentials of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Strains by Modulating Gut Microbiota Structure and β-Cells Regeneration in the Pancreatic Islets of Alloxan-Induced Diabetic Rats; Diabetes mellitus, a most common endocrine disorder of glucose metabolism, has become a global epidemic and poses a serious public health threat with an increased socio-economic burden. Escalating incidence of diabetes is correlated with changes in lifestyle and food habits that cause gut microbiome dysbiosis and beta-cells damage, which can be addressed with dietary interventions containing probiotics. Hence, the search for probiotics of human origin with anti-diabetic, anti-AGE, and anti-ACE potentials has gained renewed interest for the effective management of diabetes and its associated complications. The present study used an alloxan (AXN)-induced diabetic rat model to investigate the effects of potential probiotic Lacticaseibacillus casei MKU1, Lactiplantibacillus pentosus MKU3, and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum MKU7 administration individually on physiochemical parameters related to diabetic pathogenesis. Experimental animals were randomly allotted into six groups viz. NCG (control), DCG (AXN), DGM (metformin), DGP1 (MKU1), DGP2 (MKU3), and DGP3 (MKU7), and biochemical data like serum glucose, insulin, AngII, ACE, HbA1c, and TNF-alpha levels were measured until 90 days. Our results suggest that oral administration with MKU1, MKU3, or MKU7 significantly improved serum insulin levels, glycemic control, glucose tolerance, and body weight. Additionally, beta-cell mass was increased by preserving islet integrity in Lactobacillus-treated diabetic rats, whereas TNF-alpha (similar to 40%), AngII (similar to 30%), and ACE levels (similar to 50%) were strongly inhibited and enhanced sIgA production (5.8 folds) abundantly. Furthermore, Lactobacillus administration positively influenced the gut microbiome with a significant increase in the abundance of Lactobacillus species and the beneficial Bacteroides uniformis and Bacteroides fragilis, while decreased the pathogenic Proteus vulgaris and Parabacteroides distasonis. Among the probiotic treatment groups, L. pentosus MKU3 performed greatly in almost all parameters, indicating its potential use for alleviating diabetes-associated complications.
Effect of fat type in baked bread on amylose-lipid complex formation and glycaemic response; The formation of amylose-lipid complexes (ALC) had been associated with reduced starch digestibility. A few studies have directly characterised the extent of ALC formation with glycaemic response. The objectives of this study were to investigate the effect of using fats with varying degree of saturation and chain length on ALC formation as well as glycaemic and insulinaemic responses after consumption of bread. Healthy men consumed five test breads in a random order: control bread without any added fats (CTR) and breads baked with butter (BTR), coconut oil (COC), grapeseed oil (GRP) or olive oil (OLV). There was a significant difference in glycaemic response between the different test breads (P = 0.002), primarily due to COC having a lower response than CTR (P = 0.016), but no significant differences between fat types were observed. Insulinaemic response was not altered by the addition of fats/oils. Although BTR was more insulinotropic than GRP (P < 0.05), postprandial beta-cell function did not differ significantly. The complexing index (CI), a measure of ALC formation, was significantly higher for COC and OLV compared with BTR and GRP (P < 0.05). CI was significantly negatively correlated with incremental AUC (IAUC) of change in blood glucose concentrations over time (IAUC(glucose)) (r-0.365, P=0.001). Linear regression analysis showed that CI explained 13.3% of the variance and was a significant predictor of IAUC(glucose) (beta=-1.265, P=0.001), but IAUC(insulin) did not predict IAUC(glucose). Our study indicated that a simple way to modulate glycaemic response in bread could lie in the choice of fats/oils, with coconut oil showing the greatest attenuation of glycaemic response.
A high-MUFA diet alone does not affect ketone body metabolism, but reduces glycated hemoglobin when combined with exercise training in diabetic rats; Background: Monounsaturated fat (MUFA) also has glucose-lowering action, but its effect on ketone bodies is unknown.
IMPACT OF MYRISTIC ACID VERSUS PALMITIC ACID ON SERUM-LIPID AND LIPOPROTEIN LEVELS IN HEALTHY WOMEN AND MEN; The cholesterol-raising effect of dietary saturated fatty acids is largely accounted for by lauric, myristic, and palmitic acids. Dairy fat is a major source of myristic acid, and palm oil is especially rich in palmitic acid. Myristic acid is suspected of being much more cholesterolemic than palmitic acid, but direct comparisons have been lacking. We therefore fed 36 women and 23 men three diets that differed from each other in palmitic, oleic, and myristic acid content by about 10% of total energy. We used palm oil, high-oleic acid sunflower oil, and a specially produced high-myristic acid fat to achieve these differences. Each diet was consumed for 3 weeks in random order. Mean serum cholesterol was 4.53 mmol/L on the high-oleic acid diet, 4.96 mmol/L on the palmitic acid diet, and 5.19 mmol/L on the myristic acid diet (P<.0001 for all comparisons). Myristic acid raised low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.11 mmol/L, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 0.12 mmol/L, and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I by 7.2 mg/dL relative to palmitic acid; increases relative to oleic acid were 0.50 mmol/L for LDL cholesterol 0.15 mmol/L for HDL cholesterol, 6.0 mg/dL for apoB, and 8.9 mg/dL for apoA-I (P<.01 for all comparisons). The HDL cholesterol and apoA-I levels on the palmitic and oleic acid diets were the same. None of the responses differed significantly between women and men. Myristic acid and palmitic acid both caused high LDL cholesterol and apoB levels and low HDL to LDL ratios. Thus, diets for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia should be low in myristic and palmitic acids.
Dietary diversity score is favorably associated with the metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults; OBJECTIVE: Assessing overall diet instead of the effects of a single nutrient on diet-disease relations may be more informative. This study was conducted to evaluate the relationship between dietary diversity score (DDS) and metabolic syndrome in Tehranian adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study.
The fiber and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose in healthy human volunteers; This study was undertaken on the broad hypothesis that lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) has potential to reduce postprandial glycemic and lipemic response. More specifically, 2 postprandial crossover studies with healthy normal-weight male subjects were conducted to study the influence of commercial lingonberry powder on postprandial glycemia and lipemia. The test meals contained fat-free yoghurt with either glucose (50 g) or triacylglycerols (35 g) with or without (control) the lingonberry powder. The lingonberry powder provided the meals with a known amount of fiber and a known amount and composition of sugars, and it was a rich source of polyphenols. Postprandial glucose, insulin, and triacylglycerol responses were analyzed. There were no significant differences in the postprandial glucose concentration between the meals in the glycemia trial despite the fact that the lingonberry meal contained more glucose and fructose. When the meal did not contain added sugar but, instead, added triacylglycerol, no glycemia or lipemia-lowering effect was detected. On the contrary, there were indications of higher glycemic and insulinemic effect after the lingonberry meal. The results of this study indicate that the fibers and/or polyphenols present in lingonberries null the glycemic effect of the sugars present in the berries when consumed together with added glucose. By contrast, the lingonberry powder did not affect the postprandial lipemic response. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Randomized clinical trials on the effects of dietary fat and carbohydrate on plasma lipoproteins and cardiovascular disease; Several dietary approaches have reduced cardiovascular events in randomized clinical trials. Replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat prevented coronary events in men, and a Mediterranean diet and fatty fish improved survival. None of these trials had much impact on total fat intake but rather increased vegetable oils, n-3 fatty acids, or many other plant foods or nutrients that are linked to coronary prevention. The reductions in cardiovascular disease (CVD) caused by these dietary therapies compare favorably with drug treatments for hyperlipidemia and hypertension. Improvement in blood lipid risk factors is an important mechanism to explain the,results of trials of unsaturated fats. When saturated or trans unsaturated fats are replaced with monounsaturated or n-6 polyunsaturated fats from vegetable oils, primarily low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreases. The LDL to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio decreases. When carbohydrates are used to replace saturated fats, in a low-fat diet, LDL and HDL decrease similarly, and the ratio is not improved; triglycerides increase as well when carbohydrate increases, except when low glycemic index foods are used. The n-3 polyunsaturated fats in fish oils suppress cardiac arrhythmias and reduce triglycerides, but they have little effect on LDL or HDL cholesterol levels. The theme should be that diet. has benefits that come directly from foods, as well as from the reduction in saturated fats, cholesterol, meats, and fatty dairy foods. It is likely that many diets could be designed that could prevent CVD. This potential diversity is crucial for engaging the diverse cultures and tastes of people worldwide in cardiovascular disease prevention. (C) 2002 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Nutraceutical preconditioning with arginine and oil mixes. Effects on inflammatory mediators, oxidative stress and lipid profile in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy; PURPOSE: To investigate whether there is any effect resulting from preconditioning with nutraceutical supplementation containing arginine and oil mixes with high omega 9:omega 6 ratio and low omega 6:omega 3 ratio containing EPA and DHA, ALA fatty acids on inflammatory mediators, antioxidant and lipid profile modulation in surgical trauma.
Nutrition and diabetes risk; Prospective observational and interventional studies have been instrumental in identifying relationships between diet and diabetes. On the one hand, ahypercaloric diet contributes to weight gain, which is amajor risk factor for type2 diabetes. Results of randomized weight loss intervention trials, such as the Diabetes Prevention Program, show that lifestyle modification can significantly reduce the risk for people with prediabetes. In addition to the quantity of food, quality, i.e. composition, plays an independent and additional role. In cohort studies, relationships have been observed for both single nutrients (magnesium, cereal fiber, hemoglobin-bound iron) and individual foods (including whole grains, dairy, red and processed meat, nuts, coffee, tea and sweetened beverages). In addition, both cohort studies and the PREDIMED (PREDIMED: Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea) intervention study support arisk reduction by choosing aMediterranean diet. Although there are indications of modifications of such relationships due to different genetic predispositions, so far such gene-diet interactions could not be replicated in most cases. As aresult, there is still insufficient evidence to specify dietary recommendations based on adifferent genetic predisposition.
Hypolipidemic Effects and Safety of <i>Lactobacillus Reuteri</i> 263 in a Hamster Model of Hyperlipidemia; We aimed to verify the beneficial effects of probiotic strain Lactobacillus reuteri 263 (Lr263) on hypolipidemic action in hamsters with hyperlipidemia induced by a 0.2% cholesterol and 10% lard diet (i.e., high-cholesterol diet (HCD)). Male Golden Syrian hamsters were randomly divided into two groups: normal (n = 8), standard diet (control), and experimental (n = 32), a HCD. After a two-week induction followed by a six-week supplementation with Lr263, the 32 hyperlipidemic hamsters were divided into four groups (n = 8 per group) to receive vehicle or Lr263 by oral gavage at 2.1, 4.2, or 10.5 x 10(9) cells/kg/day for 6 weeks, designated the HCD, 1X, 2X and 5X groups, respectively. The efficacy and safety of Lr263 supplementation were evaluated by lipid profiles of serum, liver and feces and by clinical biochemistry and histopathology. HCD significantly increased serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), triacylglycerol (TG) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, hepatic and fetal TC and TG levels, and degree of fatty liver as compared with controls. Lr263 supplementation dose dependently increased serum HDL-C level and decreased serum TC, TG, LDL-C levels, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, hepatic TC and TG levels, and fecal TG level. In addition, Lr263 supplementation had few subchronic toxic effects. Lr263 could be a potential agent with a hypolipidemic pharmacological effect.
EATING BEHAVIOURS OF ITALIAN ADULTS: RESULTS OF THE OSSERVATORIO EPIDEMIOLOGICO CARDIOVASCOLARE/HEALTH EXAMINATION SURVEY; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008-2012.
Potential Nociceptive Regulatory Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> PB01 (DSM 14870) on Mechanical Sensitivity in Diet-Induced Obesity Model; Treatments for obesity have been shown to reduce pain secondary to weight loss. Intestinal microbiota, as an endogenous factor, influences obesity and pain sensitivity but the effect of oral probiotic supplementation on musculoskeletal pain perception has not been studied systematically. The present study examined the effect of a single daily oral dose (1 x 10(9) CFU) of probiotics (Lactobacillus rhamnosus PB01, DSM14870) supplement on mechanical pain thresholds in behaving diet-induced obese (DIO) mice and their normal weight (NW) controls. The mice (N = 24, 6-week-old male) were randomly divided into four groups on either standard or high fat diet with and without probiotic supplementation. Both DIO and NW groups with probiotic supplementation maintained an insignificant weight gain while the control groups gained significant weight (P < 0.05). Similarly, both DIO and NW probiotics supplemented groups demonstrated a significantly (P < 0.05) lower sensitivity to mechanical stimulation compared to their corresponding control. The results of this study suggest a protective effect of probiotics on nociception circuits, which propose a direct result of the weight reduction or an indirect result of anti-inflammatory properties of the probiotics. Deciphering the exact underlying mechanism of the weight loss and lowering nociception effect of the probiotic applied in this study require further investigation.
Both free and esterified plant sterols reduce cholesterol absorption and the bioavailability of β-carotene and α-tocopherol in normocholesterolemic humans; Background: Plant sterols reduce cholesterol absorption, which leads to a decrease in plasma and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Plant sterols also lower plasma concentrations of carotenoids and a-tocopherol, but the mechanism of action is not yet understood.
Impact of omega-3 fatty acids and/or plant sterol supplementation on non-HDL cholesterol levels of dyslipidemic Indian adults; Independent and combined effects of 2 g/d long chain omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3) from fish oil (capsules) and 2 g/d plant sterol (yogurt drink) on LDL-C and non-HDL-C levels in Indian subjects were compared. Following a 2-week run-in period, 200 mildly hypercholesterolemic (total cholesterol 5.0-8.0 mmol/l) adults (35-55 years) were randomized into one of four groups [(1) both placebo (2) active omega-3 (3) active plant sterol (4) both active] of a 2 x 2 factorial, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Blood samples were obtained before and after the 4-week intervention (n = 178). Lipid levels were analyzed using ANCOVA models with relevant baseline measurements as covariates; adjusted means were compared across groups. While plant sterols significantly lowered LDL-C (-4.5%; P = 0.017) and non-HDL-C (-7.9%; P = 0.0019) levels, omega-3 did not demonstrate any such impact. The combination resulted in 4.2% and 3.9% reduction (non-significant), respectively. Thus, the beneficial effects of the omega-3-PS combination on lipid levels demonstrated earlier (lowered triacylglycerols by 15%, increased HDL-C by 5.4%) in addition to the present findings could make this combination a useful alternative for lowering coronary heart disease risk in Indian adults. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cholesterol Lowering Effect of Plant Stanol Ester Yoghurt Drinks with Added Camelina Oil; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of yoghurt minidrinks containing two doses of plant stanol ester either with or without added camelina oil on the serum cholesterol levels in moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects. In this randomised, double-blind, parallel group study, 143 subjects consumed a 65mL minidrink together with a meal daily for four weeks. The minidrink contained 1.6 or 2.0 grams of plant stanols with or without 2 grams of alpha-linolenic acid-rich camelina oil. The placebo minidrink did not contain plant stanols or camelina oil. All plant stanol treated groups showed statistically significant total, LDL, and non-HDL cholesterol lowering relative to baseline and relative to placebo. Compared to placebo, LDL cholesterol was lowered by 9.4% (p < 0.01) and 8.1% (p < 0.01) with 1.6 g and 2 g plant stanols, respectively. With addition of Camelina oil, 1.6 g plant stanols resulted in 11.0% (p < 0.01) and 2 g plant stanols in 8.4% (p < 0.01) reduction in LDL cholesterol compared to placebo. In conclusion, yoghurt minidrinks with plant stanol ester reduced serum LDL cholesterol significantly and addition of a small amount of camelina oil did not significantly enhance the cholesterol lowering effect. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02628990.
The 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part II - Therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the management of hypertension in adults.
METAANALYSIS OF THE EFFECTS OF SOY PROTEIN-INTAKE ON SERUM-LIPIDS; Background. In laboratory animals, the consumption of soy protein, rather than animal protein, decreases serum cholesterol concentrations, but studies in humans have been inconclusive. In this meta-analysis of 38 controlled clinical trials, we examined the relation between soy protein consumption and serum lipid concentrations in humans.
Influence of high-fat diet on host animal health via bile acid metabolism and benefits of oral-fed <i>Streptococcus thermophilus</i> MN-ZLW-002; In this study, C57BL/6J male mice were fed normal chow (NC; control) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 12 weeks, and HFD mice were supplemented with oral administration of Streptococcus thermophilus MN-ZLW-002 (HFD + MN002); n=20/group. Body weight, visceral fat, blood glucose, blood lipids and liver lipid deposition increased in the HFD group, and the composition of gut microbiota, cecum short-chain fatty acids and fecal bile acids (BAs) also changed. Oral-fed MN-002 increased the relative abundances of Ruminococcaceae, Lachnospiraceae and Streptococcaceae and improved blood glucose, liver cholesterol deposition, and serum IL-10, CCL-3 and the fecal BAs composition. In conclusion, the high-fat diet changed the composition of bile acids by shaping the gut microbiota into an obese type, leading to metabolic disturbances. Streptococcus thermophilus MN-ZLW-002 regulated gut microbiota by adjusting the composition of bile acids and improved the perturbation caused by high-fat diets. However, the effect of MN002 observed in animal experiments needs to be verified by long-term clinical trials.
EVALUATION OF THE USE OF SERUM LATHOSTEROL CONCENTRATION TO ASSESS WHOLE-BODY CHOLESTEROL-SYNTHESIS IN RABBITS; Serum lathosterol concentration in rabbits was assessed as a possible indicator of whole-body cholesterol synthesis. In random-bred New Zealand White (NZW) rabbits fed a control diet or a diet containing either cholesterol, simvastatin, or cholestyramine, neither serum lathosterol concentration nor the serum lathosterol:total cholesterol ratio systematically corresponded with the anticipated rate of cholesterol synthesis. In control rabbits and those fed simvastatin or cholestyramine, whole-body cholesterol synthesis, which was calculated from the sterol balance, was correlated with serum lathosterol concentration when expressed relative to cholesterol in very low, intermediate, and low density lipoproteins (VLDL + IDL + LDL) (r = 0.61; n = 23; P = 0.002). The low correlation coefficient indicates that the predictive value of the lathosterol:(VLDL + IDL + LDL) cholesterol ratio is limited when applied to individual rabbits. Cholesterol and simvastatin feeding reduced the group mean serum lathosterol:(VLDL + IDI + LDL) cholesterol ratio, whereas cholestyramine in the diet raised the group mean ratio in the NZW rabbits. We conclude that the serum lathosterol:(VLDL + IDL + LDL) cholesterol ratio may be an indicator of group mean rates of whole-body cholesterol synthesis in rabbits but may not yield reliable information on individual rabbits. The lathosterol:(VLDL + IDL + LDL) cholesterol ratio predicted that in hyperresponsive inbred rabbits, showing an excessive hypercholesterolemia after cholesterol feeding, baseline whole-body cholesterol synthesis is lower than in hyporesponsive rabbits. Addition of cholesterol to the diet caused a reduction of predicted cholesterol synthesis in hypo- but not in hyper-responsive rabbits.
Effects of whey protein and dietary fiber intake on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, blood pressure, and appetite in subjects with abdominal obesity; Background Recently, we demonstrated that whey protein (WP) combined with low dietary fiber improved lipemia, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in subjects with abdominal obesity. In the present study, we investigated the effects of intake of WP and dietary fiber from enzyme-treated wheat bran on other metabolic parameters of the metabolic syndrome. Methods The study was a 12-week, double-blind, randomized, controlled, parallel intervention study. We randomized 73 subjects with abdominal obesity to 1 of 4 iso-energetic dietary interventions: 60 g per day of either WP hydrolysate or maltodextrin (MD) combined with high-fiber (HiFi; 30 g dietary fiber/day) or low-fiber (LoFi; 10 g dietary fiber/day) cereal products. We assessed changes in insulin sensitivity, gut hormones (GLP-1, GLP-2, GIP, and peptide YY), body composition, 24-h BP, resting energy expenditure and respiratory exchange ratio (RER), and appetite. Results Sixty-five subjects completed the trial. Subjective hunger ratings were lower after 12 weeks of WP compared with MD, independent of fiber content (P = 0.02). We found no effects on ratings of satiety, fullness or prospective food consumption for either of the interventions. Intake of WP combined with LoFi increased the postprandial peptide YY response. There were no effects of WP or fiber on insulin sensitivity, body composition, energy expenditure, incretins, or 24-h BP. Conclusions WP consumption for 12 weeks reduced subjective ratings of hunger in subjects with abdominal obesity. Neither WP nor dietary fiber from wheat bran affected insulin sensitivity, 24-h BP, gut hormone responses, body composition, or energy expenditure compared with MD and low dietary fiber.
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To Update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
EFFECT OF SOY LECITHIN ON SERUM LIPID PARAMETERS OF HYPERLIPIDEMIC POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN REFERRING TO SHAHID FAGHIHEE HOSPITAL OF SHIRAZ UNIVERSITY OF MEDICAL SCIENCES; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Hyperlipidemia, as one of the main causes of CVD, has been diagnosed in nearly one third of Iranian middle aged women. Menopause manifests wide range of physiologic changes in women, most important of which is hyperlipidemia. Appropriate nutritional interventions can prevent or postpone some cardiovascular events in postmenopausal women. This randomized double blind clinical trial aimed to examine the effect of soy lecithin on serum lipid parameters of hyperlipidemic postmenopausal women.
The effect of oral probiotics on glycemic control of women with gestational diabetes mellitus-a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo- controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus should be treated adequately to avoid maternal hyperglycemia-related complications. Previously, probiotic supplements were suggested to improve fasting blood glucose in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. However, a major limitation of previous studies was that preprandial and especially postprandial glucose values, which are important predictors of pregnancy outcomes, were not studied.OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the effect of a mixture of probiotic strains on maternal glycemic parameters, particularly preprandial and postprandial glucose values and pregnancy outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus.STUDY DESIGN: A multicenter prospective randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted. Women newly diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus were randomly allocated into a research group, receiving 2 capsules of oral probiotic formula containing Bifidobacterium bifidum, B lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus, L paracasei, L rhamnosus, and Streptococcus thermophilus (>6 x 10(9)/capsule), and a control group, receiving a placebo (2 capsules/day) until delivery. Glycemic control was evaluated by daily glucose charts. After 2 weeks, pharmacotherapy was started in case of poor glycemic control. The primary outcomes were the rate of women requiring medications for glycemic control and mean daily glucose charts after 2 weeks of treatment with the study products.RESULTS: Forty-one and 44 women were analyzed in the treatment and placebo cohorts, respectively. Mean daily glucose during the first 2 weeks in the probiotics and placebo groups was 99.7 +/- 7.9 and 98.0 +/- 9.3 mg/dL, respectively (P=.35). The rate of women needing pharmacotherapy because of poor glycemic control after 2 weeks of treatment in the probiotics and placebo groups was 24 (59%) and 18 (41%), respectively (P=.10). Mean preprandial and postprandial glucose levels throughout the study period were similar between the groups (P>.05). There were no differences in maternal and neonatal outcomes, including birthweight and adverse effect profile between the groups.CONCLUSION: The oral probiotic product tested in this study did not affect glycemic control of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effect of β-cryptoxanthin plus phytosterols on cardiovascular risk and bone turnover markers in post-menopausal women: A randomized crossover trial; Background and aim: Post-menopausal women are at higher risk of cardiovascular disease and bone demineralization. Phytosterols (PS) may be used for hypercholesterolemia in some groups and beta-cryptoxanthin (beta-Cx) displays a unique anabolic effect on bone. Our aim was to assess the changes in cardiovascular and bone turnover markers from the oral intake of beta-Cx and PS in post-menopausal women.
Amounts and types of fatty acids in meals affect the pattern of retinoids secreted in human chylomicrons after a high-dose preformed vitamin A intake; High doses of preformed vitamin A are commonly used to correct vitamin A deficiency. Newly absorbed vitamin A is secreted mainly as retinyl esters in chylomicrons. The effect of changing types and amounts of fatty acids on fatty acid composition of chylomicron retinoid esters when a high dose of vitamin A is ingested have not been studied previously. In the present study, 10 healthy young men ingested, in a random order, mixed meals containing 15,000 retinol equivalents (RE) of vitamin A (as retinyl palmitate) and either no fat or 40 g of fat provided as butter, olive oil, or sunflower oil. Fasting and postprandial blood samples were obtained for 7 hours after meals. Free retinol and the main retinyl esters (retinyl palmitate/oleate, stearate, and linoleate) were measured in chylomicrons by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Chylomicron retinyl palmitate/oleate and retinyl stearate concentrations significantly increased after intake of the 4 test meals. Conversely, chylomicron retinyl linoleate and chylomicron free retinol significantly increased only after the sunflower and the fat-free meals, respectively. The main retinoid secreted in chylomicrons after the intake of the fat-rich meals was retinyl palmitate/oleate, accounting for 63% to 79% of total RE, but it was free retinol after the fat-free meal (51% of total RE). Thus, the retinoid pattern secreted in chylomicrons after the intake of a high dose of preformed vitamin A depends on type and amounts of fatty acids ingested. To explain this result we suggest that the esterification process of retinol in the enterocyte by lecithin: retinol acyltransferase can be overwhelmed by a high load of vitamin A. Consequently, a significant proportion of the retinol is esterified by acyl coenzyme A:retinol acyltransferase (ARAT) with ingested fatty acids, explaining the appearance of retinyl linoleate in chylomicrons after the sunflower oil meal. If a high dose of preformed vitamin A is ingested with a fat-free meal, a significant proportion of retinol is not esterified, owing to the lack of fatty acids for ARAT, which explains the appearance of free retinol in chylomicrons. Copyright 2003 Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
Immediate-release niacin and a monounsaturated fatty acid-rich meal on postprandial inflammation and monocyte characteristics in men with metabolic syndrome; Background & aim: When considered separately, long-term immediate-release niacin and fatty meals enriched in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) decrease postprandial triglycerides, but their effects on postprandial inflammation, which is common in individuals with metabolic syndrome, are less known. Moreover, successful combination is lacking and its impact on acute disorders of the innate immune cells in the metabolic syndrome remains unclear. Here, we aimed to establish the effects from combination with niacin of different fats [butter, enriched in saturated fatty acids (SFA), olive oil, enriched in MUFA, and olive oil supplemented with eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids] on plasma inflammatory markers and circulating monocyte subsets, activation and priming at the postprandial period in individuals with metabolic syndrome.Methods: A random-order within-subject crossover experiment was performed, in which 16 individuals with metabolic syndrome and 16 age-matched healthy volunteers took 2 g immediate-release niacin together with the corresponding fatty meal or a meal with no fat as control. In total, 128 postprandial curves were analysed. We sampled hourly over 6 h for plasma concentrations of soluble inflammatory markers and triglycerides. Circulating monocyte subsets (CD14/CD16 balance), activation (CCL2/CCR2 axis) and priming (M1/M2-like phenotype) at the time of postprandial hypertriglyceridemic peak were also addressed.Results: Dietary SFA (combined with niacin) promote postprandial excursions of circulating IL-6, IL-1b, TNF-a and CD14/CCR2-rich monocytes with a pro-inflammatory M1-like phenotype, particularly in in-dividuals with metabolic syndrome. In contrast, dietary MUFA (combined with niacin) postprandially increased circulating CD16-rich monocytes with an anti-inflammatory M2-like phenotype. Omega-3 PUFA did not add to the effects of MUFA.Conclusion: The co-administration of a single-dose of immediate-release niacin with a fatty meal rich in MUFA, in contrast to SFA, suppresses postprandial inflammation at the levels of both secretory profile and monocyte response in individuals with metabolic syndrome. These findings highlight a potential role of combining niacin and dietary MUFA for the homeostatic control of inflammation and the innate immune system, identifying a new search direction for the management of disorders associated with the metabolic syndrome.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
Plant sterol esters lower plasma lipids and most carotenoids in mildly hypercholesterolemic adults; The ability of plant sterol esters (PSE) in salad dressing to modify plasma lipids and carotenoids was determined in 26 men and 27 women fed controlled, weight-maintaining, isocaloric diets. Diets contained typical American foods that provided 32% of energy from fat. Dressings contained 8 g (ranch) or 4 g (Italian) of fat per serving. PSE (3.6 g/d) were provided in two servings/d of one of the dressings. Diets with ranch or Italian dressing without and with PSE were fed for 3 wk/diet and crossed over randomly within dressings. Diets were adjusted to similar fat and fatty acid concentrations. Type of salad dressing did not affect plasma lipids, lipoproteins, carotenoids, or fat-soluble vitamins (P > 0.05). Switching from a self-selected baseline diet to the control diet resulted in reduction in low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol of 7.9%, a decrease in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol of 3.1 %, and a decrease in triglycerides (TG) of 9.3%. Consumption of 3.6 g of PSE resulted in further decreases in LDL cholesterol (9.7%) and TG (7.3%) but no additional change in HDL cholesterol. Total plasma carotenoids decreased 9.6% with PSE. An automated stepwise procedure was developed to produce candidate mixed models relating plasma carotenoid response to PSE. These models adjusted for preintervention plasma carotenoid levels and effects of diets on blood lipids. There were significant decreases in beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, and beta-cryptoxanthin (females only) not associated with changes in plasma lipids. Plasma carotenoids on all diets remained within normal ranges. We conclude that low-fat foods, such as salad dressings, are effective carriers for PSE.
The Properties of Vitamin B12 Deficiency in the Patients of an Outpatient Clinic; Objective: The aim of this study is to evaluate the properties of vitamin B12 deficiency and predisposing factors in the patients of an outpatient clinic. Material and Methods: Four hundred patients with vitamin B12 deficiency were studied. Anthropometric measures, biochemical analysis, gastric parietal cell antibodies and parasites in stool of the patients, antigliadin antibody survey and upper gastrointestinal system endoscopy were performed. Additionally, randomly selected 100 patients with low and 100 healthy subjects with normal serum vitamin B12 levels were questioned about food intake. Results: Overall ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency among outpatients was 4%. Coexisting diseases such as diabetes mellitus (12.3%), hypertension (42.0%), hyperlipidemia (42.0%) and obesity (42.0%) were determined. Nearly a quarter (22,8%) had autoimmune thyroid disease. A group of patients had other problems that may have caused malabsorption such as Helicobacter pylori gastritis (66/85= 77.6%), antigastric parietal cell antibody positivity (37/85= 43.5%), antigliadin antibody positivity (40/61= 65.6%), and others (3.3%). The patient group with vitamin B12 deficiency consumed significantly less meat (p< 0.001), chicken (p< 0.001), fish (p= 0.002), milk (p= 0.027) and eggs (p< 0.001), smaller number of meals (p= 0.013) and significantly higher amounts of fiber (p< 0.001) and vegetables (p= 0.037) when compared with the control group. Conclusion: Vitamin B12 deficiency was considered to be related mainly with improper and defective alimentation. However, malabsorption-related diseases may also contribute to vitamin B12 deficiency.
<i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> CHO-220 and inulin reduced plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol via alteration of lipid transporters; This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and parallel-designed study was conducted to investigate the effect of a synbiotic product containing Lactobacillus acidophilus CHO-220 and inulin on lipid profiles of hypercholesterolemic men and women. Thirty-two hypercholesterolemic men and women with initial mean plasma cholesterol levels of 5.7 +/- 0.32 mmol/L were recruited for the 12-wk study. The subjects were randomly allocated to 2 groups; namely the treatment group (synbiotic product) and the control group (placebo), and each received 4 capsules of synbiotic or placebo daily. Our results showed that the mean body weight, energy, and nutrient intake of the subjects did not differ between the 2 groups over the study period. The supplementation of synbiotic reduced plasma total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol by 7.84 and 9.27%, respectively, compared with the control over 12 wk. Lipoproteins were subsequently subfractionated and characterized. The synbiotic supplementation resulted in a lower concentration of triglycerides in the very low, intermediate, low; and high-density lipoprotein particles compared with the control over 12 wk. The concentration of triglycerides in lipoproteins is positively correlated with an increased risk of atherosclerosis. Our results showed that the synbiotic might exhibit an atheropreventive characteristic. Cholesteryl ester (CE) in the high-density lipoprotein particles of the synbiotic group was also higher compared with the control, indicating greater transport of cholesterol in the form of CE to the liver for hydrolysis. This may have led to the reduced plasma total cholesterol level of the synbiotic group. The supplementation of synbiotic also reduced the concentration of CE in the LDL particles compared with the control, leading to the formation of smaller and denser particles that are more easily removed from blood. This supported the reduced LDL-cholesterol level of the synbiotic group compared with the control. Our present study showed that the synbiotic product improved plasma total- and LDL-cholesterol levels by modifying the interconnected pathways of lipid transporters. In addition, although Lactobacillus acidophilus CHO-220 could deconjugate bile, our results showed a statistically insignificant difference in the levels of conjugated, deconjugated, primary, and secondary bile acids between the synbiotic and control groups over 12 wk, indicating safety from bile-related toxicity.
BMI modifies the effect of dietary fat on atherogenic lipids: a randomized clinical trial; Background: SFA intake increases LDL cholesterol whereas PUFA intake lowers it. Whether the lipid response to dietary fat differs between normal-weight and obese persons is of relevance to dietary recommendations for obese populations.
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy; Background: Increased consumption of soy foods has been associated with reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in both clinical and observational studies. However, it is not clear whether adding soy to a low-fat diet has additional lipid-lowering benefits, and few previous studies have examined these effects in women using hormone replacement therapy ( HRT+).
Resveratrol attenuates oxidative stress and prevents steatosis and hypertension in obese rats programmed by early weaning; We hypothesized that resveratrol, a natural phytoalexin found in grapes, can prevent oxidative stress, obesity and its related disturbances in obese rats programmed by early weaning. Lactating Wistar rats were separated into two groups: early weaning (EW) - dams who were wrapped with a bandage to interrupt the lactation in the last 3 days of lactation; control - dams whose pups had free access to milk during all lactation. At the 150th day, EW offspring were randomly subdivided into EW+resveratrol (EW+Res) - resveratrol (30 mg/kg/day); EW+vehicle (EW) - rats that received 0.5% (w/v) aqueous methylcellulose. The control group received vehicle. Rats were treated by gavage daily for 30 days. EW offspring developed hyperphagia, higher body weight, visceral obesity, higher systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+15% and +20%, respectively; P<.05) and higher serum triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein but lower high-density lipoprotein (+55%, +33% and -13%, respectively; P<.05). Resveratrol normalized food intake, SBP and DBP and prevented obesity and dyslipidemia in EW+Res. EW rats had higher plasma and liver thiobarbituric-acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and lower plasma superoxide dismutase (SOD) and liver glutathione peroxidase activities (+51%, +18%, -58%, -31%, respectively; P<.05), and resveratrol normalized both plasma and liver TBARS and increased the activity of SOD and catalase in plasma. EW rats presented liver steatosis and higher liver TG, and resveratrol prevented these hepatic alterations. In conclusion, this study demonstrated a potential therapeutic use of resveratrol in preventing obesity and oxidative stress and reducing the risk of hypertension, dyslipidemia and steatosis in adult rats programmed by early weaning. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Extended-release Niacin Acutely Suppresses Postprandial Triglyceridemia; OBJECTIVE: Postprandial triglyceridemia predicts cardiovascular events. Niacin might lower postprandial triglycerides by restricting free fatty acids. Immediate-release niacin reduced postprandial triglycerides, but extended-release niacin failed to do so when dosed the night before a fat challenge. The study aims were to determine whether extended-release niacin dosed before a fat challenge suppresses postprandial triglycerides and whether postprandial triglycerides are related to free fatty acid restriction.
Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis A12 prevents obesity- associated dyslipidemia by modulating gut microbiota-derived short-chain fatty acid production and energy metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice; Background: Bifidobacterium lactis A12 (B. lactis A12) has been shown to have the potential to prevent obesity. However, the mechanisms by which it affects the control of energy metabolism have not been fully elucidated.Objective: The present work aimed to clarify the mechanisms by that B. lactis A12 has an effect on the management of energy metabolism.Design: Three-to five-week-old male C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into five groups, 15 mice for each group. Low-fat diet (LFD) group and high-fat diet (HFD) group were fed with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) on a daily basis. Cell-free supernatant (CFS), A12, and B. lactis BB12 (BB12) groups were fed with daily probiotics for 10 weeks (1 x 109 CFU of every strain).Results: The results showed that A12 effectively alleviated relieved weight gain and dyslipidemia, inhibited liver adipose accumulation, and improved leptin resistance in HFD-fed mice (p < 0.05). The anti-obesity effects of B. lactis A12 were closely related to the assembly of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), SCFA-down-stream receptors, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) secretion. Additionally, high-throughput sequencing of the 16S rRNA showed that B. lactis A12 supplementation reversed HFD-induced gut microbiota dysbiosis, which was possible related to the augmented abundance of SCFA-producing bacterium and a minimized ratio of Bacteroidetes to Firmicutes in mice.Conclusions: B. lactis A12 prevents obesity in some pathways, including the downregulation of sterol regulatory element binding protein-1 mRNA levels in the liver, modulation of the structure of gut microbi-ota in a gut microbiota-dependent manner, and the upregulation of the SCFA-producing bacteria-related G protein-coupled receptor 43 pathway.
Hypolipidemic effects of lactic acid bacteria fermented cereal in rats; Background: The objectives of the present study were to investigate the efficacy of the mixed culture of Lactobacillus acidophilus (DSM 20242), Bifidobacterium bifidum (DSM 20082) and Lactobacillus helveticus (CK60) in the fermentation of maize and the evaluation of the effect of the fermented meal on the lipid profile of rats.
Effect of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal, cord, and neonatal lipids, and pregnancy outcome: A randomized clinical trial; Objective: We assessed the effect of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal, cord, and neonatal plasma lipids and pregnancy outcome.
The current situation on vascular cognitive impairment after ischemic stroke in Changsha; The objectives of the study were to explore the prevalence and effects of vascular cognitive impairment (VCI) among ischemic stroke patients and to provide a basis for prevention and treatment strategies. A stratified cluster random sampling method was performed, and 689 ischemic stroke patients (over 40 years of age) were enrolled. All of the patients had received a neuropsychological assessment battery to assess cognitive function and self-designed questionnaires to collect relevant information. According to the cognitive status, the patients were divided into two groups, a case group and a control group. The caregivers of the patients were given a questionnaire concerning the awareness of and attitudes toward VCI. In this study, we determined that the prevalence of VCI was 41.8%. Aging, paraventricular white matter lesion (WML), macroangiopathy, high levels of alcohol, a lack of hobbies, and excessive sleep were risk factors for vascular cognitive impairment no dementia (VCIND). A high level of education, manual-work, low level of alcohol use, regular health checks, a vegetable-based diet, and more fruit and milk were protective factors for VCIND. Living alone, hyperlipidemia, transient ischemic attack, a family history of stroke, and brain atrophy were risk factors of vascular dementia (VD). A high educational level, a vegetable-based diet, and tea were protective factors for VD. The general public awareness of VCI was found to be insufficient, and there was a prejudice toward and lack of funding for the care of VCI patients. The prevalence of VCI is high in ischemic stroke patients, and there are different impact factors at different stages. Despite the high prevalence of VCI, the general public awareness is limited. Appropriate prevention measures should be developed to reduce the prevalence of VCI. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The effects of phytosterols/stanols on blood lipid profiles: a systematic review with meta-analysis; The objective of this work is to conduct a systematic review that investigates the efficacy of phytosterols/stanols in lowering lipid concentration in individuals with non-familial hypercholesterolemia. Randomized controlled intervention trials were identified through selected international journal databases and reference lists of relevant publications. Two researchers extracted data from each identified trial and only trials of sufficient quality were included in the review. Main outcomes of interest were differences between treatment and control groups in terms of low density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol. Of the studies reviewed, 20 out of 76 studies were of sufficient quality. The results of the systematic review indicated that phytosterols/stanols could significantly decrease low density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol and triacylglycerol in treatment groups compared with control groups and that the mean differences were [435 mmol/L, 95%CI(-0.47, -0.22), p<0.00001], [436 mmol/L. 95%CI(-0.46, -0.26), p<0.00001] and [-0.1 mmol/L, 95%CI(-0.16, -0.03), p=0.004] respectively. Foods enriched with 2.0 g of phytosterols/stanols per day had a significant cholesterol lowering effect.
The Effects of Foods on Blood Lipids in Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD)-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with dyslipidemia and increased cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary choices may produce profound effects on blood lipids. Thus, the purpose of this study was to investigate which foods modify blood lipids in NAFLD.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of the effect of barley β-glucan on LDL-C, non-HDL-C and apoB for cardiovascular disease risk reduction; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There has been recent interest in barley as a therapeutic food owing to its high content of beta-glucan (beta-glucan), a viscous soluble fiber recognized for its cholesterol-lowering properties. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the cholesterol-lowering potential of barley beta-glucan on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (apoB) for cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk reduction.
The effects of nattokinase supplementation on collagen-epinephrine closure time, prothrombin time and activated partial thromboplastin time in nondiabetic and hypercholesterolemic subjects; The aim of this study was to investigate whether supplementation with nattokinase, which is considered one of the most active functional ingredients found in natto, alters hemostatic factors. Subjects presenting with hypercholesterolemia (serum cholesterol: 200-280 mg dL(-1)) were randomly divided into nattokinase and placebo groups (n = 50, respectively). No significant between-group differences were found at baseline in collagen-epinephrine closure time (C-EPI CT), prothrombin time (PT), or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT). After 8 weeks of treatment, the nattokinase group exhibited significant increases in C-EPI CT, PT, and aPTT. The nattokinase group showed significantly greater increases in C-EPI CT (P = 0.001) and aPTT (P = 0.016) than the placebo group. Moreover, at 8 weeks, the nattokinase group showed a significantly higher C-EPI CT than the placebo group (P = 0.001). Additionally, a significant correlation between PT and aPTT was observed (r = 0.491, P < 0.001). In conclusion, nattokinase supplementation was associated with prolonged C-EPI CT and aPTT in nondiabetic and borderline-to-moderate hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Cereal-Based Snack Bar with Added Plant Stanol Ester (Benecol®) Consumed between Meals Lowers Serum Total and LDL Cholesterol Effectively in Mildly to Moderately Hypercholesterolemic Subjects; The cholesterol-lowering effect of foods with added plant sterols or stanols consumed as snacks might be compromised. The purpose of this study was to confirm the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of a specially formulated cereal-based snack bar with added plant stanol ester (1.6 g plant stanols/day) when consumed between meals twice a day. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 4-week parallel-design study, 71 mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects were randomized into one of two groups, stanol or placebo group. Subjects were advised to replace their ordinary snacks with test products in an isocaloric manner and otherwise keep their habitual diet unchanged. The study showed that a snack bar product with added plant stanol ester lowered LDL and non-HDL cholesterol by 8.6% and 9.2% (mean%-change), respectively, as compared to the placebo product. The change in LDL cholesterol was statistically significantly different (P = 0.001) between the groups while the change in HDL cholesterol or triglycerides did not differ between the groups. In conclusion, the cereal-based snack bar with added plant stanol ester ingested without a meal reduced LDL cholesterol significantly without affecting HDL cholesterol or triglyceride concentrations in mildly hypercholesterolemic men and women.
Plant sterol-fortified orange juice effectively lowers cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolemic healthy individuals; Objective - Hypercholesterolemia is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease. Therapeutic lifestyle changes include dietary modifications such as inclusion of phytosterols, which effectively lowers low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in margarines and other fats. Their effectiveness in nonfat moieties is not yet established. The aim of this study was to examine if phytosterols alter the plasma lipoprotein profile when incorporated into nonfat orange juice.
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010.
Incorporating the single-step strategy into a random regression model to enhance genomic prediction of longitudinal traits; In prediction of genomic values, the single-step method has been demonstrated to outperform multi-step methods. In statistical analyses of longitudinal traits, the random regression test-day model (RR-TDM) has clear advantages over other models. Our goal in this study was to evaluate the performance of a model that integrates both single-step and RR-TDM prediction methods, called the single-step random regression test-day model (SS RR-TDM), in comparison with the pedigree-based RR-TDM and genomic best linear unbiased prediction (GBLUP) model. We performed extensive simulations to exploit the potential advantages of SS RR-TDM over the other two models under various scenarios with different levels of heritability, number of quantitative trait loci, as well as selection scheme. SS RR-TDM was found to achieve the highest accuracy and unbiasedness under all scenarios, exhibiting robust prediction ability in longitudinal trait analyses. Moreover, SS RR-TDM showed better persistency of accuracy over generations than the GBLUP model. In addition, we also found that the SS RR-TDM had advantages over RR-TDM and GBLUP in terms of its being a real data set of humans contributed by the Genetic Analysis Workshop 18. The findings of our study demonstrated the feasibility and advantages of SS RR-TDM, thus enhancing the strategies for genomic prediction of longitudinal traits in the future.
A pre-meal of whey proteins induces differential effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in subjects with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised cross-over trial; PurposePostprandial lipaemia (PPL), an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is affected by composition and timing of meals. We evaluated if whey proteins (WP) consumed as a pre-meal before a fat-rich meal reduce postprandial triglyceride (TG) and apolipoprotein B-48 (ApoB-48) responses in subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MeS).MethodsAn acute, randomised, cross-over trial was conducted. 20 subjects with MeS consumed a pre-meal of 0, 10 or 20g WP 15min prior to a fat-rich meal. The responses of TG and ApoB-48 were assessed. We also analysed postprandial responses of free fatty acids (FFA), glucose, insulin, glucagon, glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and paracetamol (reflecting gastric emptying rates).ResultsWP pre-meal did not alter the TG or ApoB-48 responses. In contrast, the insulin response was more pronounced after a pre-meal of 20g WP than with 10g WP (P=0.0005) and placebo (P<0.0001). Likewise, the postprandial glucagon response was greater with a pre-meal of 20g WP than with 10g WP (P<0.0001) and 0g WP (P<0.0001). A pre-meal with 20g of WP generated lower glucose (P=0.0148) and S-paracetamol responses (P=0.0003) and a higher GLP-1 response (P=0.0086) than placebo. However, the pre-meal did not influence responses of GIP, FFA or appetite assessed by a Visual Analog Scale.ConclusionsConsumption of a WP pre-meal prior to a fat-rich meal did not affect TG and chylomicron responses. In contrast, the WP pre-meal stimulates insulin and glucagon secretion and reduces blood glucose as expected, and delays gastric emptying. Consequently, our study points to a differential impact of a WP pre-meal on lipid and glucose metabolism to a fat-rich meal in subjects with MeS.
High prevalence of vitamin D deficiency among middle-aged and elderly individuals in northwestern China: Its relationship to osteoporosis and lifestyle factors; Purpose: Vitamin D deficiency has reached epidemic proportions; this deficiency has been associated with osteoporosis and certain lifestyle factors in adults. This relationship is not well documented among the Lanzhou population in northwest China. This study sought to determine the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and its risk factors in addition to its relationship with osteoporosis in a Chinese population living in Lanzhou.
Nutritional and phytochemical composition of pecan nut [<i>Carya illinoinensis</i> (Wangenh.) K. Koch] and its hypocholesterolemic effect in an animal model; Purpose The health-promoting phytochemicals such as phenolic compounds and flavonoids present in nonfatty portion of pecan nut remain overlooked. The present study aimed to evaluate the nutritional and antinutritional/phytochemical constituents of pecan nut and its effect (as a whole nut flour) on the blood lipid profile in the rat model. Design/methodology/approach The nutritional composition as well as phytochemicals were evaluated by using standard chemical methods. A controlled randomized study was conducted to assess the hypocholesterolemic effect of nut supplementation in male Wistar albino rats. Findings Phytochemicals/antinutrients analysis exhibited remarkable amount of phenolic compounds (47.05 +/- 9.85-302.67 +/- 7.72 mg GAE/100 g) and flavonoids (44.95 +/- 0.23 mg/100 g) with low trypsin inhibitor activity (TIA) (1.18 +/- 0.03 TIU/mg), saponins (0.49 +/- 0.04 g/100 g), alkaloids (0.26 +/- 0.03 mg/100 g), phytic acid (854.75 +/- 15.47) and oxalates (8.15 +/- 0.58 mg/100 g) content. Kernel oil showed 2.87 +/- 0.75 meq O-2/kg oil peroxide value (PV), well below the maximum permissible limit, demonstrating good oxidative stability of pecan oil. Pecan nut-supplemented diet exhibited a favorable alteration in the blood lipid profile by decreasing total cholesterol (TC) (from 85.42 +/- 1.62-229.23 +/- 3.43 to 72.24 +/- 1.39-106.10 +/- 1.69 mg/dl) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (from 64.02 +/- 1.96-199.07 +/- 4.40 to 38.73 +/- 0.79-55.48 +/- 1.69 mg/dl) and increasing high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (from 8.70 +/- 0.85-9.64 +/- 1.10 to 20.25 +/- 0.65-24.96 +/- 0.56 mg/dl) when compared with control (CC). Research limitations/implications This information would be further useful for assessing the biological quality of pecan nut as well as developing value-added food products by exploiting deoiled pecan protein concentrates. Originality/value Pecan nut is a rich source of traditional nutrients and phytochemicals and can be recommended to patients with hypercholesterolemia and related cardiovascular diseases.
A synbiotic containing <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> CHO-220 and inulin improves irregularity of red blood cells; This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, and parallel-design study was conducted to investigate the effect of a synbiotic product containing Lactobacillus acidophilus CHO-220 and inulin on the irregularity in shape of red blood cells (RBC) in hypercholesterolemic subjects. The subjects (n = 32) were randomly allocated to 2 groups, a treatment group (synbiotic product) and a control group (placebo), and received 4 capsules of either synbiotic or placebo daily for 12 wk. Morphological representation via scanning electron microscopy showed that the occurrence of spur R,BC was improved upon supplementation of the synbiotic. In addition, the supplementation of synbiotic reduced the cholesterol:phospholipids ratio of the RBC membrane by 47.02% over 12 wk, whereas the control showed insignificant changes. Our present study also showed that supplementation of the synbiotic reduced the concentration of saturated fatty acids (SFA), increased unsaturated fatty acids (UFA), and increased the ratio of UFA:SPA over 12 wk, whereas the control showed inconspicuous changes. The alteration of BBC membrane was assessed using fluorescence anisotropy (FAn) and fluorescence probes with different affinities for varying sections of the membrane phospholipid bilayer. A noticeable decrease in FAn of three fluorescent probes was observed in the synbiotic group compared with the control over 12 wk, indicative of increased membrane fluidity and reduced cholesterol enrichment in the RBC membrane.
Evaluation of safety and tolerance of microencapsulated <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study; Probiotic organisms have shown promise in treating diseases. Previously, we have reported on the efficacy of microencapsulated Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation at lowering serum cholesterol levels in otherwise healthy hypercholesterolemic adults. This study investigates the safety and toxicology of oral ingestion of microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in a yogurt formulation. A randomized group of 120 subjects received a dose of 5 x 10(10) CFU microencapsulated L. reuteri NCIMB 30242 in yogurt (n = 59) or placebo yogurt (n = 61) twice/day for 6 weeks. Clinical chemistry and hematological parameters of safety were analyzed. Fecal samples were collected at these time points for the analysis of deconjugated bile acids. The frequency, duration and intensity of adverse events (AEs) and clinical significance of safety parameters were recorded for both groups. No clinically significant differences between the probiotic yogurt and placebo yogurt treated groups were detected in either the blood clinical chemistry or hematology results and there was no significant increase in fecal deconjugated bile acids (P > 0.05) between treated and control groups. The frequency and intensity of AEs was similar in the two groups. These results demonstrate the safe use of this formulation in food. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Reverse Cholesterol Transport Pathway Improves Understanding of Genetic Networks for Fat Deposition and Muscle Growth in Beef Cattle; In the present study, thirteen genes involved in the reverse cholesterol transport (RCT) pathway were investigated for their associations with three fat depositions, eight fatty acid compositions and two growth-related phenotypes in a Wagyu x Limousin reference population, including 6 F-1 bulls, 113 F-1 dams, and 246 F-2 progeny. A total of 37 amplicons were used to screen single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on 6 F-1 bulls. Among 36 SNPs detected in 11 of these 13 genes, 19 were selected for genotyping by the Sequenom assay design on all F-2 progeny. Single-marker analysis revealed seven SNPs in ATP binding cassette A1, apolipoproteins A1, B and E, phospholipid transfer protein and paraoxinase 1 genes significantly associated with nine phenotypes (P < 0.05). Previously, we reported genetic networks associated with 19 complex phenotypes based on a total of 138 genetic polymorphisms derived from 71 known functional genes. Therefore, after Bonferroni correction, these significant (adjusted P < 0.05) and suggestive (adjusted P < 0.10) associations were then used to identify genetic networks related to the RCT pathway. Multiple-marker analysis suggested possible genetic networks involving the RCT pathway for kidney-pelvic-heart fat percentage, rib-eye area, and subcutaneous fat depth phenotypes with markers derived from paraoxinase 1, apolipoproteins A1 and E, respectively. The present study confirmed that genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis are useful targets for investigating obesity in humans as well as for improving meat quality phenotypes in a livestock production.
Effect of acetate Ringer's solution with or without 5% dextrose administered intravenously to diarrheic calves; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effects of intravenous acetate Ringer's solution, with or without dextrose, on diarrheic calves with either experimentally induced or spontaneous diarrhea. In the experimental model, diarrhea was induced in nine healthy calves by administering cold milk (below 4 degrees C) twice a day for 2 days. The calves were randomly assigned to the isotonic saline (ISS), acetated Ringer's (AR) or acetated Ringer's with 5% dextrose (ARD) groups, with three calves assigned to each group. The calves received 80 ml/kg of their designated solution, at a flow rate of 20 ml/kg/hr. Infusion of ISS, AR and ARD were all found to be safe and effective in increasing plasma volume. Intravenous (IV) infusion of ISS resulted in the acidification secondary to dilution, while AR and ARD infusion inhibited acidification. In addition, prevention of catabolism was observed only with IV infusion of ARD. Sixteen calves with spontaneous diarrhea were enrolled in the clinical study. The calves were randomly assigned to the AR or ARD groups, with eight calves being assigned to each group. The calves received 100 ml/kg of their designated solution, at a flow rate of 25 ml/kg/hr. Intravenous infusion of AR and ARD was found to be effective in increasing plasma volume and inhibiting acidification. Only infusion of ARD prevented catabolism, but it also led to hyperglycemia. Our results suggest that a solution containing dextrose may be beneficial for wasting diarrheic calves.
Mulberry leaf extract decreases digestion and absorption of starch in healthy subjects-A randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study; Purpose: Mulberry (Morus alba L.) leaf tea has recently received much attention as a dietary supplement due to the wide range of putative health benefits, such as antidiabetic effects. Nevertheless, data evaluating its influence on carbohydrate metabolism in humans are scarce. The present study aims to investigate the effect of mulberry leaf extract supplementation on starch digestion and absorption in humans.
The effect of whey protein on the components of metabolic syndrome in overweight and obese individuals; a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The risk of developing chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, dyslipidemia, and stroke is increased following an outbreak of metabolic syndrome. Whey protein can play a major role in preventing metabolic syndrome.
Double-Blind Randomized Placebo Controlled Trial Demonstrating Serum Cholesterol Lowering Efficacy of a Smoothie Drink with Added Plant Stanol Esters in an Indonesian Population; Indonesians have a high intake of saturated fats, a key contributing dietary factor to elevated blood cholesterol concentrations. We investigated the cholesterol lowering efficacy of a smoothie drink with 2 grams of plant stanols as esters to lower serum total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolemic Indonesian adults. The double-blind randomized placebo controlled parallel design study involved 99 subjects. Fifty subjects received control drink and dietary advice, and 49 subjects received intervention drink (Nutrive Benecol (R)) and dietary advice. Baseline, midline (week 2), and endline (week 4) assessments were undertaken for clinical, anthropometric, and biochemical variables. Compared to control, the smoothie drink with plant stanols reduced serum LDL-cholesterol concentration by 7.6% (p < 0.05) and 9.0% (p < 0.05) in two and four weeks, respectively. Serum total cholesterol was reduced by 5.7% (p < 0.05 compared to control) in two weeks, and no further reduction was detected after four weeks (5.6%). Compared to baseline habitual diet, LDL-cholesterol was reduced by 9.3% (p < 0.05) and 9.8% (p < 0.05) in the plant stanol ester group in two and four weeks, respectively. We conclude that consumption of smoothie drink with added plant stanol esters effectively reduces serum total and LDL-cholesterol of hypercholesterolemic Indonesian subjects already in two weeks.
Effects of palm oil and transesterified palm oil on chylomicron and VLDL triacylglycerol structures and postprandial lipid response; The effects of positional distribution of triacylglycerol (TAG) fatty acids to TAG structures in chylomicrons and VLDL, and to postprandial lipemia, were studied in 10 healthy premenopausal women using a 6-h oral fat load test and a randomized, double-blind cross-over design. Molecular level information of TAG regioisomerism was obtained with a tandem mass spectrometric method. The positional distribution of fatty acids in chylomicron TAGs was similar to the respective dietary fat; 79% of the analyzed regioisomers in palm oil and 84% of the analyzed regioisomers in transesterified oil were found in chylomicron TAGs 3 h after the oral fat loads. VLDL TAGs were equal after the two fat loads in all but one regioisomer. Similarities in the fatty acid compositions of chylomicron TAGs suggest that palmitic acid was absorbed equally from both test fats. The proportion of palmitoleic acid in the chylomicrons was increased. Fat with palmitic acid predominantly in the sn-1 and sn-3 positions caused a larger incremental area of total TAGs in plasma and reduced plasma insulin values at the beginning of the postprandial response (0-90 min) compared with fat with palmitic acid randomly distributed. jlr The relationship between TAG molecular structures in dietary fats and in lipoproteins provides new means for understanding the effects of fatty acid positonal distribution on human lipid metabolism.
Dietary Plant Sterols Supplementation Increases <i>In Vivo</i> Nitrite and Nitrate Production in Healthy Adults: A Randomized, Controlled Study; A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled and crossover study was conducted to simultaneously measure the effects, 3 h after consumption and after 4-wk daily exposure to plant sterols-enriched food product, on in vivo nitrite and nitrate production in healthy adults. Eighteen healthy participants (67% female, 35.3 [mean] +/- 9.5 [SD] years, mean body mass index 22.8 kg/m(2)) received 2 soy milk (20 g) treatments daily: placebo and one containing 2.0 g free plant sterols equivalent of their palmityl esters (beta-sitosterol, 55%; campesterol, 29%; and stigmasterol, 23%). Nitrite and nitrate concentrations were measured in the blood plasma and urine, using stable isotope-labeled gas chromatographymass spectrometry. L-arginine and asymmetric dimethylarginine concentrations in blood serum were measured using commercially available enzyme immunoassays. Nitrite and nitrate concentrations in blood plasma (nitrite 5.83 +/- 0.50 vs. 4.52 +/- 0.27; nitrate 15.78 +/- 0.96 vs. 13.43 +/- 0.81 mu mol/L) and urine (nitrite 1.12 +/- 0.22 vs. 0.92 +/- 0.36, nitrate 12.23 +/- 1.15 vs. 9.71 +/- 2.04 mu mol/L) were significantly elevated after 4-wk plant sterols supplementation Placebo and 3-h treatments did not affect the blood plasma and urinary concentrations of nitrite and nitrate. Circulating levels of L-arginine and asymmetric dimethylarginine were unchanged in the placebo and treatment arms. Total plant sterols, beta-Sitosterol, campesterol, and stigmasterol concentrations were significantly elevated after 4-wk treatments compared to the placebo and 3-h treatments. Blood plasma nitrite and nitrate concentrations correlated significantly with the plasma total and specific plant sterol concentrations. Our results suggest that dietary plant sterols, in the combination used, can upregulate nitrite, and nitrate production in vivo.
The Effects of Calcium Supplement on Serum Lipoprotein in Obese Adults Receiving Energy Restricted Diet; Background: Coronary heart disease is one of the most important problems of public health. One risk factor is dyslipidemia. Evidence from molecular and animal research and epidemiologic investigations indicate that calcium intake may influence lipid metabolism. But intervention studies have produced conflicting results. Objective of this study was to determine the effects of calcium supplementation on serum lipid profiles in the face of caloric restriction in obese adults.
Plasticity of gut and metabolic limitations of Deoni calves in comparison to crossbred calves on a high plane of nutrition; Plasticity of the digestive system is important for the development and productivity of cows. The objective of the study was to measure the plasticity of the gut in 10 each of Holstein Friesian (HF)-crossbred (Bos taurus; X) and indigenous (Bos indicus, e.g. Deoni breed; D) calves randomly distributed to recommended plane (RN) or 25% higher plane (HN) of nutrition. Body weight (BW) change during a 6-month period in indigenous calve irrespective of the plane of nutrition was 35 kg. Dry matter intake (DMI) in Deoni calves was reduced on a high plane of nutrition but not in HF-crossbred (X) calves. DMI in XHN was 7% more than that in XRN. Compared to crossbred, energy intake, metabolism and energy efficiency of indigenous calves were poor. Significantly higher plasma glucose, triglycerides, cholesterol, AST, ALT and creatinine in DRN or DHN than in XRN or XHN indicated metabolic limitations in indigenous calves. Higher triglycerides and AST, ALT and AST/ALT ratio in indigenous calves may be due to poor insulin sensitivity and hyperlipidaemia. Higher triglycerides in serum may also one of the reasons for the reduced DMI in DHN. Serum creatinine (P< 0.05) in XHN or DHN was higher due to increased crude protein (CP) consumption. The study concluded poor plasticity of the digestive system in indigenous calves on a higher plane of nutrition compared to crossbred calves. Indigenous calves suffer metabolic disturbances like hyperglycaemia, hyperlipidaemia and increased creatinine level because of digestive limitation and slower muscle growth.
Study of Fatty Acids Profile and Oxidative Stability of Egg Yolk from Hens Fed a Diet Containing White Lupine Seeds Meal; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of different dietary inclusion of raw white lupine seed meal (WL) in diets of laying hen on fatty acids (FA) profile, health lipid indices and oxidative stability of egg yolk. A total of 160 TETRA-SL LL laying hens (30-week old) were used in a ten week trial. The laying hens were randomly assigned to four dietary treatments: control diet which contained soybean meal (C), and study diets in which soybean meal was replaced with WL at 150 g/kg (E-15), 200 g/kg (E-20) and 250 g/kg (E-25). Each treatment was replicated 5 times with 8 birds each. The inclusion of WL in experimental diets caused a linear increase in n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) content and a decrease in monounsaturated FA (MUFA), but it had no influence on the saturated FA (SFA) of egg yolk lipids. The data suggested that the partial replacement of soybean meal with WL of in laying hen diet it significant increase h/H (hypocholesterolemic/Hypercholesterolemic) and PUFA/SFA ratio, and decrease thrombogenic index (TI), which improves human health because of the beneficial effect on the cardiovascular system. The authors determined the concentration of alpha-tocopherol by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and assessed the degree of oxidative degradation of lipids using the classical test based on the concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA). Inclusion of WL in diets led to increases in alpha-tocopherol and decrease in MDA in eggs (P < 0.05). Egg storage for 20 d or 40 d led to linear reduction in egg a-tocopherol and increase of MDA content (P < 0.05). The results of the present study suggest that the seeds of modern white lupine varieties can be included at 250 g/kg in layer diets as an effective substitute for soybean meal, improving fatty acids profile, health lipid indices and oxidative stability of egg yolk.
Individual <i>Trans</i> Octadecenoic Acids and Partially Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil Differentially Affect Hepatic Lipid and Lipoprotein Metabolism in Golden Syrian Hamsters; Trans fatty acids (TFA) from industrial sources [i.e. partially hydrogenated vegetable oil (PHVO)] have been associated with several chronic human diseases, especially coronary heart disease (CHD). The possible contribution of individual TFA to overall CHD risk remains largely unknown. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of 2 major trans 18:1 isomers, trans-9 18:1 lelaidic acid (EA)] and trans-11 18:1 [vaccenic acid (VA)] on plasma lipid biomarkers of CHID risk. Thirty-two male Golden Syrian hamsters were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 dietary treatments: 1) control "Western" diet; 2) PHVO supplement; 3) EA supplement; and 4) VA supplement. Fat supplements were incorporated into the respective treatment diets at 2.5 g/100 g of diet. Compared with the control diet, the PHVO diet increased the plasma ratios of total: HDL-cholesterol and non HDL:HDL-cholesterol by 17 and 23%, respectively. In contrast, these values decreased by 27 and 46% after the EA treatment and 8 and 14% after the VA treatment, respectively, indicating an improvement (reduction) in CHD risk. With regard to liver lipids, the EA diet reduced the content of (n-3) and (n-6) PUFA relative to the other treatments, suggesting an inhibition of enzymes common to the 2 biosynthesis pathways. Overall, results demonstrate that the hypercholesterolemic effects of PHVO are not dependent on the presence of EA or VA and that other bioactive components in PHVO must be responsible for its associated adverse health effects. J. Nutr. 139: 257-263, 2009.
Effect of euglycaemic hyperinsulinaemia on gastric emptying and gastrointestinal hormone responses in normal subjects; Several studies have shown that hyperglycaemia slows gastric emptying in normal subjects and patients with diabetes mellitus but whether hyperinsulinaemia per se has an effect remains debatable. In the present study we have assessed the effect of hyperinsulinaemia on gastric emptying of a solid and liquid meal in normal subjects. Ten men were studied three times in random order. After an overnight fast, subjects were infused with 0.9% NaCl on two occasions and on the third with insulin, at 40 mU.m(-2).min(-1) with 20 % glucose simultaneously to maintain euglycaemia. Steady-state glucose infusion rate was ensured before the subjects ate a standard meal of a pancake labelled with Tc-99m and milk-shake labelled with In-111-DTPA. Gamma-scintigraphic images were then obtained every 20 min for the next 3 h. There were no significant differences between the mean half-emptying times (T-50) of the solid and liquid during the two saline infusions (129.6 +/- 25.5 vs 128.4 +/- 23.8 min for the solid and 25.4 +/- 7.0 vs 34.7 +/- 18.0 min for the liquid, mean +/- SD). Hyperinsulinaemia delayed both solid (mean T-50 149.6 +/- 30.7, p = 0.031) and liquid emptying (mean T-50 39.8 +/- 13.9, p = 0.042). There were no significant differences in the cholecystokinin and glucagon-like peptide 1 responses to the meal during either saline or insulin infusions. There was a tendency towards a greater insulin response to the meal during the hyperinsulinaemic study. Thus, hyperinsulinaemia delayed emptying of both the solid and liquid components of the meal.
Effects of long-term cholesterol diet on cholesterol concentration and development of atherosclerosis in homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient mice; Homozygous apolipoprotein E-deficient (apo E KO) mice represent a suitable model for the experimental study of atherosclerosis. The aim of our study was to evaluate the relationship between the duration of a cholesterol diet and the development of atherosclerosis. Apo E KO mice were divided into two groups. Group 1 (n = 8) received a cholesterol diet from the first day of life after birth (through the breast milk of the mothers on a cholesterol diet), Group 2 (n = 6) received a control diet (as well as their mothers) for the first 3 months, and a cholesterol diet from the third month of life. The animals were cuthanased by decapitation at the age of five months. Blood was used for the measurement of cholesterol concentrations. From a series of 72 histological sections through the descendent thoracic aorta, 8 samples were selected in a uniform systematic random manner and used for a stereological quantification of atherosclerotic lesions.
<i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> LC705 Together with <i>Propionibacterium freudenreichii</i> ssp <i>shermanii</i> JS Administered in Capsules Is Ineffective in Lowering Serum Lipids; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the effect of the administration of Lactobacillus rhamnosus strain LC705 and Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp shermanii strain JS in capsules on serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels in mildly or moderately hypercholesterolemic men.
Effect of a macronutrient preload on blood glucose level and pregnancy outcome in gestational diabetes; Aim: To investigate the effect of a macro-nutrient preload (Inzone Vitality) on blood glucose levels and pregnancy outcomes of gestational diabetes. The preload method involves the ingestion of a smaller amount of a macronutrient composition half an hour before regular meals. The hypothesis was that preload treatment will reduce postprandial glycemia in gestational diabetes.
Walking or body weight squat "activity snacks" increase dietary amino acid utilization for myofibrillar protein synthesis during prolonged sitting; Interrupting prolonged sitting with intermittent exercise enhances postprandial glycemic control but has unknown effects on sensitizing skeletal muscle to dietary amino acids. We hypothesized that brief walking or body weight squats would enhance the utilization of dietary phenylalanine for myofibrillar protein synthesis (MyoPS) during prolonged sitting. Participants (7 males and 5 females; similar to 23 yr; similar to 25.1 kg/m(2); similar to 7,300 steps/day) completed three 7.5-h trials consisting of prolonged sitting (SIT) or sitting with intermittent (every 30 min) walking (WALK) or body weight squatting (SQUAT). Two mixed-macronutrient meals (similar to 55:30:15% carbohydrate: fat:protein), enriched with L-[ring-H-2(5)]phenylalanine or L-[ring-C-13(6)]phenylalanine, were provided to mimic breakfast and lunch. Tracer incorporation into myofibrillar protein was determined from the vastus lateralis with MyoPS estimated using plasma enrichment as precursor surrogate. Phosphorylation of candidate anabolic signaling proteins was determined by immunoblotting. There was no difference between conditions (P >= 0.78) in the time course or area under the curve for plasma phenylalanine enrichment. MyoPS was greater (P < 0.05, weighted planned comparison) in SQUAT (0.103 +/- 0.030%/h) and WALK (0.118 +/- 0.037%/h) compared with SIT (0.080 +/- 0.032%/h). When compared with SIT, there were moderate-to-large effect sizes, respectively, for SQUAT [effect size (ES) = 0.75; 95% CI -0.10-1.55] and WALK (ES = 1.10; 95% CI 0.20-1.91). Fold change in rpS6(Ser240/244) phosphorylation was greater in SQUAT compared with SIT (7.6 +/- 2.7 vs. 1.6 +/- 0.45-fold, P < 0.05) with no difference (P similar to 0.21) in any other targets measured (4E-BP1(Thr37/46), eEF2(Thr56), mTOR(Ser2448), ERK1/2(Thr202/Tyr204)). Interrupting prolonged sitting with short "activity snacks" improves the utilization of dietary amino acids for MyoPS. The long-term impact of this practical lifestyle modification for muscle mass or quality should be investigated.
Digestion and absorption of 2 fat emulsions with different droplet sizes in the human digestive tract; Background: The extent of fat emulsification affects the activity of digestive lipases in vitro and may govern digestion and absorption of dietary fat.
<i>Lactobacillus delbrueckii</i> Interfere With Bile Acid Enterohepatic Circulation to Regulate Cholesterol Metabolism of Growing-Finishing Pigs via Its Bile Salt Hydrolase Activity; Microbiota-targeted therapies for hypercholesterolemia get more and more attention and are recognized as an effective strategy for preventing and treating cardiovascular disease. The experiment was conducted to investigate the cholesterol-lowering mechanism of Lactobacillus delbrueckii in a pig model. Twelve barrows (38.70 +/- 5.33 kg) were randomly allocated to two groups and fed corn-soybean meal diets with either 0% (Con) or 0.1% Lactobacillus delbrueckii (Con + LD) for 28 days. L. delbrueckii-fed pigs had lower serum contents of total cholesterol (TC), total bile acids (TBAs), and triglyceride, but higher fecal TC and TBA excretion. L. delbrueckii treatment increased ileal Lactobacillus abundance and bile acid (BA) deconjugation and affected serum and hepatic BA composition. Dietary L. delbrueckii downregulated the gene expression of ileal apical sodium-dependent bile acid transporter (ASBT) and ileal bile acid binding protein (IBABP), and hepatic farnesoid X receptor (FXR), fibroblast growth factor (FGF19), and small heterodimer partner (SHP), but upregulated hepatic high-density lipoprotein receptor (HDLR), low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR), sterol regulatory element binding protein-2 (SREBP-2), and cholesterol-7 alpha hydroxylase (CYP7A1) expression. Our results provided in vivo evidence that L. delbrueckii promote ileal BA deconjugation with subsequent fecal TC and TBA extraction by modifying ileal microbiota composition and induce hepatic BA neosynthesis via regulating gut-liver FXR-FGF19 axis.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> SCS2 on blood glucose level in hyperglycemia mice model; In this study, the hyperglycemia mice model was established with 1-week high sugar and fat diet plus with 70 mg/kg body weight of streptozotocin injection for 3 days. Sixty male Kunming mice of 3 weeks old in a specific-pathogen-free grade were divided into six groups randomly, which includes normal group (NG), prevention group (PG), treatment group for low dose (TGL), middle dose (TGM), high dose (TGH), and model group (MG). NG and MG mice were fed with sterile physiological saline (10 mL/kg body weight). PG mice were fed with the concentration of 6.0 x 10(9) CFU/mL L. plantarum SCS2 suspensions from the second to third week. TGL, TGM, and TGH mice were fed with the concentration of 2.0 x 10(9), 4.0 x 10(9), and 6.0 x 10(9) CFU/mL L. plantarum SCS2 suspensions (10 mL/kg body weight), respectively from fourth to tenth week. The results showed that the fasting and postprandial 2 h blood glucose levels of TGH mice were reduced by L. plantarum SCS2 significantly (p < 0.05) as compared with MG. The body weight of TGH mice came to normal level at tenth week. Content of K+ in plasma of TGH mice was increased and contents of Na+ and Cl- in the plasma of TGH mice were decreased as compared with MG. Meanwhile, content of glycogen in TGH mice was reduced. However, the effect of L. plantarum SCS2 on the prevention of hyperglycemia in PG mice was not significant as compared with NG mice during the experiment. These results suggested that L. plantarum SCS2 showed a hypoglycemic effect on hyperglycemic mice model.
Comparison of two oral electrolyte solutions and route of administration on the abomasal emptying rate of Holstein-Friesian calves; Dehydrated calves with diarrhea are routinely given an oral electrolyte solution (OES) by suckling or esophageal intubation. An important issue related to rehydration therapy is the rate of OES delivery to the small intestine. It is widely assumed that the glucose content of the OES does not impact the speed of resuscitation and that fluid administered by esophageal intubation provides a similar resuscitative response to that obtained by suckling. The aims of this study were to compare the abomasal emptying rate in calves suckling an OES containing a high or low glucose concentration and in calves administered a high-glucose OES by suckling or esophageal intubation. Seven male Holstein-Friesian calves were given the following treatments in random order: 2 L of a commercially available high-glucose OES ([glucose] = 405 mM) by suckling or esophageal intubation or 2 L of a commercially available low-glucose OES ([glucose] = 56 mM) by suckling. Abomasal emptying rate was determined by acetaminophen absorption, ultrasonography, and glucose absorption. High-glucose OES rapidly increased plasma glucose concentration after suckling but produced a slower rate of abomasal emptying than did low-glucose OES. Esophageal intubation of high-glucose OES produced the same initial change in abomasal volume as did suckling, but delayed the rate of OES delivery to the small intestine. Our results suggest that suckling a low-glucose OES provides the fastest rate of abomasal emptying and plasma volume expansion, whereas a high-glucose OES provides the most appropriate oral solution for treating hypoglycemic calves.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> EM1107 prevents hyperglycemia, alveolar bone loss, and inflammation in a rat model of diabetes and periodontitis; BackgroundThis study evaluated the antihyperglycemic, anti-bone-resorptive, and anti-inflammatory efficacy of the probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus EM1107 in an experimental model of ligature-induced periodontitis in diabetic rats treated with metformin (Met). MethodsA total of 114 male Wistar rats was randomly divided into six groups: (1) control, (2) experimental periodontitis (EP), (3) EP + diabetes mellitus (DM), (4) EP + probiotic (Prob), (5) EP + DM + Prob, and (6) EP + DM + Prob + Met. The animals received probiotic gavage during the 30 days of the experiment. DM was induced on the 14th day of the experiment with a single injection of streptozotocin into the penile vein, followed by ligature for EP induction and Met gavage on the 19th day and euthanasia on the 30th day. Heart blood, gingival and periodontal tissue, and hemimaxillae were collected. Biomolecular analysis, immunoenzymatic assays, histomorphology, and microtomographic analysis were performed. Data were statistically analyzed (p < 0.05). ResultsThere was a significant reduction in interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the Prob groups (p < 0.05) as well as in blood glucose levels in the Prob and Met groups (p < 0.001). In addition, histomorphological analysis revealed that the Prob groups had a reduction in inflammatory infiltrate. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) and microtomographic analyses showed that the EP/DM/Prob/Met group had significantly lower linear and volumetric bone loss than those who had no treatment (p < 0.01). SOD and GPx immunostaining decreased in all groups receiving probiotics. ConclusionThe findings suggest the immunoinflammatory efficacy of the probiotic L. rhamnosus EM1107 administered either alone or in association with Met in type 1 DM associated with periodontitis.
Dietary habits and psychosocial factors as a risk for development of coronary heart disease in Bulgarian women; There are common risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in female and male sex but also some differences in their risk profile. Aim: to explore the diet of Bulgarian healthy women and their psychosocial status in conditions of economic transition. Material and methods Random population sample of 146 women free of cardiovascular diseases at mean age 58.14+/-8.75 years was studied. All participants were interviewed extensively for smoking and dietary habits, economic changes, the effect of stress and psychological factors, etc. To determine the type of personality a standard Framingham score was used. Results. Only 16% of the participants consume fish at least once a week. Fresh vegetables and fruits in winter arc limited to less than 10% of the sample. Yogurt and white cheese are common in the everyday menu - 68% and 65% respectively. Salt consumption is evenly distributed across the quartiles of systolic blood pressure. The financial status has worsened in 75% of the women. The everyday stress is considered moderate to high by 62% of the females. 70% has defined themselves as type A personality. Conclusions. The protective food products such as fish, fruits and vegetables are undervalued in the diet of the studied women, either due to financial constraints or because of acquired bad habits. The women in Bulgaria consider stress and financial difficulties important factors in their everyday life.
POTENTIAL ROLE OF RAISING DIETARY-PROTEIN INTAKE FOR REDUCING RISK OF ATHEROSCLEROSIS; OBJECTIVE: To ascertain the effect on plasma lipoprotein lipids of substituting moderate amounts of protein for carbohydrate in human diets.
A Plant Stanol Yogurt Drink Alone or Combined with a Low-Dose Statin Lowers Serum Triacylglycerol and Non-HDL Cholesterol in Metabolic Syndrome Patients; We evaluated the effects of 2 commonly available strategies (plant stanol ester drink and 10 mg simvastatin) on coronary heart disease (CHID) risk variables in participants with metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome patients are at increased risk to develop CHD, partly due to high triacylglycerol (TAG) and low HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations and a low-grade inflammatory profile. Effects of plant stanol esters on TAG concentrations in these participants are unknown. After a 3-wk run-in period in which individuals consumed placebo yogurt drinks and placebo capsules, participants were randomly divided into 4 groups: placebo (n = 9), simvastatin + placebo drink (n = 10), placebo + stanol drink (n = 9), and simvastatin + stanol drink (n = 8). After 9 wk, we evaluated the effects on serum lipids, low-grade inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction markers. In metabolic syndrome patients, stanol esters (2.0 g/d), simvastatin, or the combination lowered non-HDL-C by 12.8% (P = 0.011), 30.7% (P < 0.001), and 35.4% (P < 0.001), respectively, compared with placebo. TAG were lowered by 27.5% (P = 0.044), 21.7% (P = 0.034), and 32.7% (P < 0.01), respectively. The total-:HDL-C ratio was significantly lowered in all 3 intervention groups. We found no treatment effects on the apolipoprotein CII:CIII ratio, cholesterol ester transfer protein mass, FFA concentrations, and markers for low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction. This study shows that in metabolic syndrome patients, plant stanol esters lower not only non-HDL-C, but also TAG. Effects on TAG were also present in combination with statin treatment, illustrating an additional benefit of stanol esters in this CHID risk population. J. Nutr. 139: 1143-1149, 2009.
Effects of yoghurt enriched with plant sterols on serum lipids in patients with moderate hypercholesterolaemia; The objective of the present study was to assess the effect of consumption of a yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1-2 g plant sterols/d on serum lipids, transaminases, vitamins and hormone status in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia. Thirty patients were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt-based drink enriched with 1 g plant sterol extracted from soyabean/d v. a low-fat low-lactose yoghurt, for a period of 4 weeks. After a 2-week wash-out period, patients were crossed over for an additional 4-week period. Second, after a 4-week wash-out period, eleven patients were treated with 2 g plant sterols/d in a second open part of the study for a period of 8 weeks. The yoghurt enriched with plant sterols significantly reduced, in a dose-dependent manner, serum total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol levels and LDL-cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol (P <0.001), whereas no changes were observed in HDL-cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels, either in the first or the second part of the study. There were only slight, not statistically significant, differences in serum transaminase, vitamin and hormone levels. To conclude, a low-fat yoghurt-based drink moderately enriched with plant sterols may lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol effectively in patients with primary moderate hypercholesterolaemia.
Prophylactic supplementation of microencapsulated<i> Boswellia</i><i> serrata</i> and probiotic bacteria in metabolic syndrome rats; Metabolic syndrome (MeS) is a major health problem associated with the high prevalence of obesity, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia. Boswellia serrata resin (BS) is an old remedy reputed by its rich antioxidant compounds. The present research aimed to assess the impact of microencapsulated BS if given in combination with probiotic bacteria (BAC) (Lactobacillus plantarum and Lactobacillus rhamnosus) which had anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities to control the metabolic disorders associated with MeS. Water extract of BS was prepared, total phenolic, total antioxidants and HPLC were analyzed. BS extract was microencapsulated by spray drier and the microcapsules were characterized. BAC were suspended in MRS, cultivated and microencapsulated by freeze drying. Rats were randomly assigned to 5 groups (8/gp). The 1st group was negative control receiving basic diet (C), the 2nd group was positive control fed on HFD, the 3rd group was fed on HFD + BS (400 mg/kg), the 4th group was fed on HFD + BAC (1 ml containing 1011 CFU), the 5th group was fed on HFD + BS + BAC. After 8 weeks animals were sacrificed, the collected serum was analyzed for different biochemical parameters. The body organs and body fat weights were estimated and histopathological and immunohistochemical exam-inations were evaluated. Results showed the ability of BS in controlling most of the parameters related to MeS and improvement of histopathology findings in organs.BS and BAC acted in synergy in this effect. In conclusion, microencapsulated BS or its combination with Probiotic bacteria may control MeS and both acted as symbiotic in augmenting the improvement of MeS intact model.
Intraperitoneal 1.5% Delflex improves intestinal blood flow in necrotizing enterocolitis; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) alters intestinal microvascular control mechanisms causing significant vasoconstriction. Our prior work with intraperitoneal 2.5% dextrose solution demonstrated increased intestinal perfusion in experimentally induced NEC. In the current study, we examine whether a buffered solution with lower glucose and osmolar loads similarly increases intestinal blood flow. We hypothesized that buffered 1.5% dextrose solution would increase ileal blood flow compared with baseline in NEC.
Probiotics of <i>Lacticaseibacillus paracasei</i> SD1 and <i>Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus</i> SD11 attenuate inflammation and β-cell death in streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetic mice; Probiotics provide health benefits in various aspects and are believed to modulate the immune system by balancing gut microbiota homeostasis, termed the "microbiota-immune axis". Recent evidence supports that several Lactobacillus strains possess glucose-lowering and anti-inflammatory effects in an animal model of type 1 diabetes (T1D). Although probiotics of Lacticaseibacillus paracasei SD1 (SD1) and Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus SD11 (SD11) exert human oral health benefits by reducing harmful bacterial populations, their clinical application regarding hypoglycemic-related traits as well as the underlying mechanisms are still lacking. In this report, we used multiple low doses of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic BALB/c mice to explore the effects of SD1 and SD11 supplementation on the regulation of markers related to T1D. Experimental mice were randomly assigned into five groups, non-STZ + V, STZ + V, STZ + SD1, STZ + SD11, and STZ + SDM (mixture of SD1 and SD11), and physiological data were measured every week. Blood and pancreas samples were collected at 4- and 8-weeks. Our results indicate that supplementation with SD1, SD11, or SDM for 8 weeks significantly improved body weights, glycemic levels, glucose tolerance, insulin levels, and lipid profiles. Probiotic administration also preserved islet integrity and increased beta-cell mass in STZ-injected mice, as well as prevented infiltration of macrophages, CD4(+), and CD8(+) T cells into the islets. Significantly, SD1 and SD11 suppressed the levels of IL1-beta, TNF-alpha and IFN-gamma and increased IL-10, which is concomitant with the inhibition of cleaved caspase 3, caspase 9, caspase 8, proapoptotic Bax, NF-kappa Bp65, pSTAT1, and iNOS. Additionally, the survival ability of beta-cells was mediated by upregulated anti-apoptotic Bcl2. We conclude that SD1 and SD11 attenuate STZ-induced diabetic mice by stabilizing glycemic levels and reducing inflammation, thereby protecting beta-cells. Among the probiotic treatment groups, SD11 revealed the best results in almost all parameters, indicating its potential use for alleviating hyperglycemia-associated symptoms.
Water dispersible plant sterol formulation shows improved effect on lipid profile compared to plant sterol esters; While the cholesterol-lowering efficacy of plant sterols (PS) is known, issues surrounding reduced PS solubility of some dietary formulations remain to be elucidated. This study determined the efficacy of a water dispersible formulation of free plant sterols (WD-PS) versus plant sterol esters (PS-esters). Forty-seven mild-to-moderately hypercholesterolemic individuals in a randomized, crossover study were provided for 4 wk with a single-dose daily regimen of PS-enriched yogurt (2 g/d of PS from WD-PS or PS-esters) or placebo. Yogurt enriched with WD-PS or PS-esters induced similar decreases in serum total (7.7% and 6.3%, respectively) and LDL cholesterol levels (11.7% and 11.6%, respectively), as percentage relative to the control (p < 0.001; all). Ratios of total to HDL cholesterol and non-HDL to HDL cholesterol decreased more (p < 0.05) with WD-PS (10.6% and 15.2%, respectively) than with PS-esters (7.0% and 10.8%, respectively) compared with control. Consumption of WD-PS reduced serum triglyceride levels (13.9%, p < 0.05) compared to consumption of PS-esters (0.6%). Both WD-PS and PS-esters contributed effectively to LDL cholesterol lowering, however, the formulation of WD-PS yield additional effects on preventing cardiovascular diseases by improving serum TG and the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Health Examination Survey at regional level: the Emilia-Romagna Region (Northern Italy) example; OBJECTIVES: to assess time trend of lifestyles, cardiovascular risk factors, and prevalence of high-risk conditions in random samples of the general adult population residing in Emilia-Romagna, examined in two cross-sectional surveys conducted within the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory (OEC 1998-2002) and the Epidemiological Cardiovascular Observatory/Health Examination Survey (OEC/HES 2008-2012).
Serum Cholesterol Reduction Efficacy of Biscuits with Added Plant Stanol Ester; This study's aim was to test the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol-(LDL-c-) lowering efficacy of biscuits containing 2 g of plant stanols, which corresponded to 3.4 g of plant stanol esters. The biscuit is a new food format that can be consumed as a snack. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel design study, 119 mildly to moderately hypercholesterolemic volunteers were randomized to plant stanol or control groups. Subjects were comparable in age, gender, lipid profiles, and body mass index. They consumed a control biscuit once a day for a two-week period, followed by a four-week intervention period that either had a plant stanol ester biscuit or a control. During the habitual diet, one biscuit per day was consumed at any time that subjects wished. Serumlipid profiles were measured at the first day of run-in, at baseline, and at the study's end. Compared to the control, the total cholesterol (TC), LDL-c, and the LDL-to-high-density lipoprotein (LDL/HDL) ratio had serum reductions of 4.9%, 6.1%, and 4.3%, respectively, and were observed after 4 weeks of biscuit consumption with added plant stanols (P < 0.05). A significantly higher reduction in LDL-c (8.9%) and LDL/HDL ratio (11.4%) was measured in those taking a plant stanol biscuit with a meal compared to those who consumed a plant stanol biscuit without other food. In conclusion, incorporating plant stanols into a biscuit is an attractive, convenient, and acceptable way to modestly lower elevated cholesterol concentrations. For optimal efficacy, biscuits should be consumed with a meal as part of a healthy diet.
The Cross Attributes Flexible Substitution Logit: Uncovering Category Expansion and Share Impacts of Marketing Instruments; Different objectives such as category demand expansion or market share stealing warrant the use of different marketing instruments. To help brand managers make informed decisions, it is essential that marketing mix models appropriately measure their effects. Random Utility Models that have been applied to this problem might not be adequate because they do not allow the effects of marketing instruments of one brand to spillover to preference for competing alternatives. Additionally, they have the Invariant Proportion of Substitution (IPS) property, which in some situations imposes counter-intuitive restrictions on individual choice behavior. Recognizing that effects of marketing instruments can spill across brands in a category, we propose an alternative choice model that relaxes the IPS property: the cross attributes flexible substitution logit model. We apply the model in two very different empirical settings, i.e., consumer choices of brands of refrigerated yogurt, and prescription-writing choices of physicians in the hyperlipidemia category. In both settings the proposed model provides consistent evidence that certain marketing instruments produce sales gains primarily from growing the category pie, while others produce gains from stealing share. By contrast, the random coefficient logit and generalized nested logit models both predict that gains from all marketing instruments would have similar sources.
Phytosterols supplementation decreases plasma small and dense LDL levels in metabolic syndrome patients on a westernized type diet; Background and aims: Several studies have observed a hypocholesterolemic effect of plant sterols in hypercholesterolemic patients on a balanced diet. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of phytosterol supplementation on risk factors of coronary artery disease in metabolic syndrome patients on a Westernized type diet.
Effects of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> TD3 on moderation of cholesterol biosynthesis pathway in rats; Objective(s): Prevalence of high-fat food consumption, such as fast foods is one of the major causes of hypercholesterolemia, which can lead to cardiovascular diseases. 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarylcoenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) and cytochrome P450 7A1 (CYP7A1) are two key genes in cholesterol metabolism. Use of probiotics in the diet is a promising approach for modulation of serum lipid. To confirm the modulation of serum lipids by probiotics, in this study, we have examined the efficacy of Lactobacillus paracasei TD3 in improving blood cholesterol levels.
Estimating insulin demand for protein-containing foods using the food insulin index; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: The Food Insulin Index (FII) is a novel algorithm for ranking foods on the basis of insulin responses in healthy subjects relative to an isoenergetic reference food. Our aim was to compare postprandial glycemic responses in adults with type 1 diabetes who used both carbohydrate counting and the FII algorithm to estimate the insulin dosage for a variety of protein-containing foods.
Fish-oil esters of plant sterols improve the lipid profile of dyslipidemic subjects more than do fish-oil or sunflower oil esters of plant sterols; Background: Fish-oil fatty acid esters of plant sterols (FO-PS) were shown to have hypotriglyceridemic and hypocholesterolemic properties in animal models.
Influence of Graded Levels of l-Theanine Dietary Supplementation on Growth Performance, Carcass Traits, Meat Quality, Organs Histomorphometry, Blood Chemistry and Immune Response of Broiler Chickens; l-theanine is a water-soluble non-proteinous amino acid mainly found in green tea leaves. Despite the availability of abundant literature on green tea, studies on the use of l-theanine as a feed additive in animals, and especially broilers are limited. The objective of this study was, therefore, to evaluate the effect of different dietary levels of l-theanine on meat quality, growth performance, immune response, and blood metabolites in broilers. A total of 400 day-old broiler chicks were randomly divided into four treatment groups using a completely randomized design; C-control, basal diet; 100LT-basal diet + 100 mg l-theanine/kg diet; 200LT-basal diet + 200 mg l-theanine/kg diet; and 300LT-basal diet + 300 mg l-theanine/kg diet. Results revealed that the intermediate level of l-theanine (200 mg/kg diet) showed better results in terms of body weight gain (BWG), feed consumed (FC), and feed conversion ratio (FCR) as compared with the other supplemented groups and the control. The live weight eviscerated weight and gizzard weight were higher in all l-theanine levels as compared to those of the control group. Increased weight (p 0.05) of spleen and bursa were found in group 200LT (200 mg l-theanine/kg diet). Concerning meat color parameters, values for yellowness (b*), and redness (a*) were greater in l-theanine-supplemented groups than the control. Supplementing broiler diet with l-theanine reduced (p = 0.02) total serum cholesterol contents while increased HDL. Further analysis revealed lower relative serum cytokines (IL-2 and INF-) and reduced mRNA expression of TNF- and IL-6 in thymus, and IFN- and IL-2 in spleen in the treated group. Moreover, supplementation with 200 mg/kg of l-theanine improved antioxidant status in blood by increasing SOD, GSH-Px, and relative CAT levels. It is concluded that the optimum supplementation level of l-theanine is 200 mg/kg of diet because it resulted in improved performance parameters in broilers. However, higher levels of l-theanine (300 mg/kg diet) may have deleterious effects on performance and health of broiler chickens.
Bioavailability of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids from <i>n</i>-3-enriched foods and fish oil with different oxidative quality in healthy human subjects: a randomised single-meal cross-over study; Regular consumption of long-chain n-3 fatty acids (LC n-3 FA) reduces postprandial triacylglycerolaemia. Functional foods and supplements are alternative sources of LC n-3 FA; however, emulsification technologies, food matrices and altered lipid oxidation levels affect their bioavailability. Moreover, which functional foods are optimal LC n-3 FA carriers is unknown. The aim of the study was to determine the bioavailability of LC n-3 FA and the postprandial TAG response after the intake of oxidised or non-oxidised cod liver oil and after the intake of emulsified or non-emulsified LC n-3 FA using novel functional food items as LC n-3 FA carriers in a randomised cross-over acute study. A total of twenty-four healthy subjects completed the study in which subjects consumed one of four different test meals containing 15g LC n-3 FA, or a control meal with no LC n-3 FA. Postprandial TAG-rich lipoproteins were isolated and their fatty acid composition was measured. The LC n-3 FA from emulsified foods were more rapidly incorporated into TAG-rich lipoproteins compared with non-emulsified foods. The incorporation of LC n-3 FA was similar for oils emulsified in yogurt or juice and was unaffected by the oxidative status of the oil. Postprandial TAG levels did not differ among the various test meals. In conclusion, emulsification increases the bioavailability of LC n-3 FA through a more rapid incorporation into TAG-rich lipoproteins, and juice and yogurt are equally suited as LC n-3 FA carriers. The acute intake of oxidised cod liver oil does not influence the incorporation of LC n-3 FA into TAG-rich lipoproteins.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 reduces cholesterol and heart disease risk factors; Cardiovascular disease remains the world's main cause of mortality and is linked to high blood cholesterol and chronic low grade inflammation. The use of probiotics for cholesterol lowering has been extensively studied and is considered a prospective option to prevent cardiovascular disease. We review the clinical safety and efficacy in cholesterol lowering with BSH-active probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, including two randomized clinical studies showing significant reductions of LDL-C of 8.92% (P=0.016) in yogurt and 11.64% (P=0.001) in capsules. Other lipids and markers of inflammation were also significantly reduced. Further, we also provide mechanistic insights as well as clinically demonstrated enzymatic activity of the selected microorganism. Finally, we describe the potential of BSH-active probiotics in other applications
Intakes of whey protein hydrolysate and whole whey proteins are discriminated by LC-MS metabolomics; Whey protein improves fasting lipids and insulin response in overweight and obese individuals. Whey hydrolysate was recently shown to be more active than whole protein but the differences in metabolite profiles after intake remain unknown. This study discriminates plasma profiles after intake of four different whey protein fractions and establishes new hypotheses for the observed effects. Obese, non-diabetic subjects were included in the randomized, blinded, cross-over meal study. Subjects ingested a high-fat meal containing whey isolate (WI), whey concentrate hydrolysate (WH), alpha-lactalbumin or caseinoglycomacropeptide as the protein source. Plasma samples were collected at five time points and metabolites analysed using LC-Q-TOF-MS. Plasma concentrations of ten amino acids (AAs) were different between the meals. The plasma levels of AAs and AA derivatives were generally directly related to the AA composition of the meals. Highly elevated plasma levels of a number of cyclic dipeptides and other AA metabolites were found following intake of the WH meal and these metabolites are primary candidates to explain the superior insulinotropic effect of WH. The manufacturing process of WH caused oxidization of methionine to methionine sulfoxide which in turn caused in vivo generation of N-phenylacetyl-methionine and N-phenylacetyl-methionine sulfoxide. These two compounds have not previously been described in biological systems.
Extracted Oat and Barley β-Glucans Do Not Affect Cholesterol Metabolism in Young Healthy Adults; beta-Glucans are known to exhibit hypocholesterolemic effects. Increased intestinal viscosity is thought to be crucial for cholesterol lowering. It is suggested that concentration, molecular mass, and structure, including the ratio of (1 -> 3) to (1 -> 4) glucan bonds in the molecule, are of importance for beta-glucan functionality. This study investigated the effects of 3 different beta-glucan sources, incorporated into a beverage and yogurt, on blood lipids and fecal endpoints. Fourteen participants completed this randomized, crossover, single-blinded study with four 3-wk periods: control and 3.3 g/d oat, barley, and barley mutant beta-glucans of similar molecular mass. Before and after each period, fasting and postprandial blood samples were drawn and 3-d fecal samples were collected. Treatment did not affect changes in total, LDL, and HDL cholesterol compared with control; however, consumption of 3.3 g/d of oat beta-glucans for 3 wk resulted in greater decreases in total (-0.29 +/- 0.09 mmol/L, P < 0.01), LDL (-0.23 +/- 0.07 mmol/L, P < 0.01), and HDL (-0.05 +/- 0.03 mmol/L, P < 0.05) cholesterol compared with baseline. Changes in LDL in the beta-glucan treatments were not related to beta-glucan structure (cellotriosyl:cellotetraosyl). Decreases in fasting triacylglycerol were substantially greater after oat beta-glucan treatment compared with control (P = 0.031 Fecal dry and wet weight, stool frequency, fecal pH, and energy excretion were unaffected. The results do not fully support the hypocholesterolemic effects by differently structured oat and barley beta-glucans. However, substantial differences compared with baseline suggest a potential for oat beta-glucan, presumably due to its higher solubility and viscosity. This underlines the importance of elusive structural beta-glucan features for beneficial physiologic effects.
The Impact of a Large Bolus Dose of l-leucine and l-isoleucine on Enteroendocrine and Pancreatic Hormones, and Glycemia in Healthy, Inactive Adults; Background: The ingestion of whey protein and amino acids with carbohydrate (CHO) enhances the release of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent-insulinotropic peptide (GIP) that promote insulin secretion. It is unknown if L-isoleucine (Ile) and L-leucine (Leu) have this same effect. The purpose of this study was to examine how Ile and Leu influence both GLP-1 and GIP, subsequent pancreatic hormones, and glycemia in healthy, inactive adults. Methods: Twelve adults (6F/6M; age 27.4 +/- 2 years; BMI 26.3 +/- 2 kg/m(2); lean body mass 53.2 +/- 5 kg; body fat 34.1 +/- 3%) completed four conditions in a randomized, cross-over fashion. Treatments standardized (0.3 g/kg.LBM-1) (1) Leu, (2) Ile, (3) Equal (1:1 g) of Leu + Ile, and (4) placebo (Pla, 3.5 g inert stevia) ingested 30 min prior to an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Samples of plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon, GIP(Total), and GLP-1(Active) were assessed. Results: A treatment (p = 0.01) effect comparing Ile vs. Leu (p = 0.02) in GIP(Total). Area under the curve showed an increase in GIP(Total) from Ile compared to Leu and Pla (p = 0.03). No effect was found on GLP-1. The ingestion of Ile prior to CHO augmented GIP concentration greater than Leu or Pla. No correlation was found between GIP, insulin, and glucose between conditions. Conclusions: Ile impacts GIP concentration, which did not relate to either insulin or glucose concentrations. Neither Ile, nor Leu seem to have an effect on hyperglycemia ingested prior to a CHO drink.
Cholesterol-Lowering Efficacy of Plant Sterols/Stanols Provided in Capsule and Tablet Formats: Results of a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Plant sterols/stanols-enriched foods possess well-documented low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol lowering effect. However, the relative efficacy of plant sterols/stanols as supplements (tablets/capsules) compared with other dietary forms still needs to be determined. Our aim was to precisely identify and quantify the LDL-cholesterol lowering effect of plant sterols/stanols as supplements in contrast to food-based approaches. Eight eligible clinical trials published from January 1992 to April 2013 were identified from five databases. A random effect model was used to calculate weighted mean effect sizes for net differences in LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Among the included trials with the duration between 4 and 6 weeks, plant sterol/stanol dose ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 g/day administrated mainly with the main meals (2 or 3 times/ day). Intake of plant sterol/stanol supplements decreased LDL-cholesterol concentrations by 12 mg/dL (0.31 mmol/L) (95% CI -0.39 to 0.23; P<0.000) compared with placebo. The test of heterogeneity was not significant (chi(2), P=0.50, I-2=0%). Further analysis showed no significant difference between the LDL-cholesterol lowering action of plant sterols/stanols supplements (-12 mg/dL [-0.31 mmol/L]; 95% Cl -0.39 to -0.24; P<0.0001) vs foods enriched with plant sterols/stanols (-12 mg/dL [ 0.31 mmol/L]; 95% Cl -0.35 to -0.27; P<0.0001). Plant sterol/stanol supplements as part of a healthy diet represent an effective means of delivering LDL-cholesterol lowering similar to plant sterols/stanols delivered in various food formats.
