Postdiagnosis dietary factors, supplement use and breast cancer prognosis: Global Cancer Update Programme (CUP Global) systematic literature review and meta-analysis; Little is known about how diet might influence breast cancer prognosis. The current systematic reviews and meta-analyses summarise the evidence on postdiagnosis dietary factors and breast cancer outcomes from randomised controlled trials and longitudinal observational studies. PubMed and Embase were searched through 31st October 2021. Random-effects linear dose-response meta-analysis was conducted when at least three studies with sufficient information were available. The quality of the evidence was evaluated by an independent Expert Panel. We identified 108 publications. No meta-analysis was conducted for dietary patterns, vegetables, wholegrains, fish, meat, and supplements due to few studies, often with insufficient data. Meta-analysis was only possible for all-cause mortality with dairy, isoflavone, carbohydrate, dietary fibre, alcohol intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), and for breast cancer-specific mortality with fruit, dairy, carbohydrate, protein, dietary fat, fibre, alcohol intake and serum 25(OH)D. The results, with few exceptions, were generally null. There was limited-suggestive evidence that predefined dietary patterns may reduce the risk of all-cause and other causes of death; that isoflavone intake reduces the risk of all-cause mortality (relative risk (RR) per 2 mg/day: 0.96, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.92-1.02), breast cancer-specific mortality (RR for high vs low: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.64-1.07), and recurrence (RR for high vs low: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.61-0.92); that dietary fibre intake decreases all-cause mortality (RR per 10 g/day: 0.87, 95% CI: 0.80-0.94); and that serum 25(OH)D is inversely associated with all-cause and breast cancer-specific mortality (RR per 10 nmol/L: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89-0.97 and 0.94, 95% CI: 0.90-0.99, respectively). The remaining associations were graded as limited-no conclusion.
Effects of flunixin meglumine and ketoprofen on mediator production in ex vivo and in vitro models of inflammation in healthy dairy cows; Donalisio, C., Barbero, R., Cuniberti, B., Vercelli, C., Casalone, M., Re, G. Effects of flunixin meglumine and ketoprofen on mediator production in ex vivo and in vitro models of inflammation in healthy dairy cows. J. vet. Pharmacol. Therap.36, 130139. In this study, ex vivo assays were carried out in dairy cows to evaluate the anti-inflammatory effects of two nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs: ketoprofen (KETO) and flunixin meglumine (FM). Twelve healthy Holstein dairy cattle were randomly allocated to two groups (n=6): group 1 received FM and group 2 received KETO at recommended therapeutic dosages. The anti-inflammatory effects of both drugs were determined by measuring the production of coagulation-induced thromboxane B2 (TXB2), lipopolysaccharides (LPS) (10g/mL)-induced prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and calcium ionophore (60m)-induced leukotrien B4 (LTB4). Cytokine production was assessed by measuring tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interferon- (IFN-) and interleukin-8 (CXCL8) concentrations after incubation in the presence of 10g/mL LPS. The IC50 of FM and KETO was determined in vitro by determining the concentration of TXB2 and PGE2 in the presence of scalar drug concentrations (109103m). Both FM and KETO inhibited the two COX isoforms in vitro, but showed a preference for COX-1. FM and KETO showed similar anti-inflammatory effects in the cow.
Conjugated linoleic acid and disease prevention: A review of current knowledge; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a derivative of a fatty acid linoleic acid (LA), has been reported to decrease tumorigenesis in animals. CLA is unique because unlike most antioxidants which are components of plant products, it is present in food from animal sources such as dairy foods and meats. CLA concentrations in dairy products typically range from 2.9 to 8.92 mg/g fat of which the 9-cis, 11-trans isomer makes up to 73% to 93% of the total CLA. Low concentrations of CLA are found in human blood and tissues. In vitro results suggest that CLA is cytotoxic to MCF-7 cells and it inhibits the proliferation of human malignant melanoma and colorectal cancer cells. In animal studies, CLA has inhibited the development of mouse epidermal tumors, mouse forestomach cancer and rat mammary cancer. Hamsters fed CLA collectively had significantly reduced levels of plasma total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, (combined very-low and low-density lipoprotein! and triglycerides with no effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, as compared to controls. Dietary CLA modulated certain aspects of the immune defense but had no obvious effect on the growth of an established, aggressive mammary tumor in mice. It is now thought that CLA itself may not have anti-oxidant capabilities but may produce substances which protect cells from the detrimental effects of peroxides.
The Role of Vitamin D in Fertility and during Pregnancy and Lactation: A Review of Clinical Data; Vitamin D deficiency is common and there exists a huge gap between recommended dietary vitamin D intakes and the poor vitamin D supply in the general population. While vitamin D is important for musculoskeletal health, there are accumulating data suggesting that vitamin D may also be important for fertility, pregnancy outcomes and lactation. Significant changes in vitamin D metabolism during pregnancy such as increased production of the active vitamin D hormone calcitriol support the important role of vitamin D in this setting. Observational studies show that vitamin D deficiency is a risk marker for reduced fertility and various adverse pregnancy outcomes and is associated with a low vitamin D content of breast milk. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) document that physiological vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy is safe and improves vitamin D and calcium status, thereby protecting skeletal health. Although certain RCTs and/or meta-analyses reported some other beneficial effects, it is still not clear whether vitamin D supplementation improves fertility or decreases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes such as low birth weight, pre-eclampsia and neonatal mortality, or reduces wheeze/asthma in the infants. Nevertheless, vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women is frequently required to achieve a sufficient vitamin D status as recommended by nutritional vitamin D guidelines. In this review, we provide an overview of systematic reviews, meta-analyses and large trials reporting clinical data on the role of vitamin D for fertility, pregnancy and lactation.
Serum phytanic and pristanic acid levels and prostate cancer risk in Finnish smokers; Phytanic acid is a saturated branched-chain fatty acid found predominantly in red meat and dairy products, and may contribute to the elevated risks of prostate cancer associated with higher consumption of these foods. Pristanic acid is formed during peroxisomal oxidation of phytanic acid, and is the direct substrate of a-Methyl-CoA-Racemase (AMACR)-an enzyme that is consistently overexpressed in prostate tumors relative to benign tissue. We measured phytanic and pristanic acids as percentages of total fatty acids by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in prediagnostic blood samples from 300 prostate cancer cases and 300 matched controls, all of whom were participants in the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention (ATBC) Study supplementation trial and follow-up cohort. In addition to providing a fasting blood sample at baseline, all men completed extensive diet, lifestyle, and medical history questionnaires. Among controls, the strongest dietary correlates of serum phytanic and pristanic acids were saturated fat, dairy fat, and butter (r = 0.50 and 0.40, 0.46 and 0.38, and 0.40 and 0.37, respectively; all P-values <0.001). There was no association between serum phytanic acid and risk of total or aggressive prostate cancer in multivariate logistic regression models (for increasing quartiles, odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for aggressive cancer were 1.0 (referent), 1.62 (0.97-2.68), 1.12 (0.66-1.90), and 1.14 (0.67-1.94), P-trend = 0.87). Pristanic acid was strongly correlated with phytanic acid levels (r = 0.73, P < 0.0001), and was similarly unrelated to prostate cancer risk. Significant interactions between phytanic and pristanic acids and baseline circulating beta-carotene concentrations were noted in relation to total and aggressive disease among participants who did not receive beta-carotene supplements as part of the original ATBC intervention trial. In summary, we observed no overall association between serum phytanic and pristanic acid levels and prostate cancer risk. Findings indicating that the direction and magnitude of these associations depended upon serum levels of the antioxidant beta-carotene among men not taking beta-carotene supplements should be interpreted cautiously, as they are likely due to chance.
Veal calves management in Qu<acute accent>ebec, Canada: Part I. Association between passive immunity transfer at arrival and health disorders; Morbidity and mortality remain important concerns for veal production which traditionally involves very young calves being transported directly from dairy farms to calf-raising facilities or sold through auction markets from dairy farms. There are few studies that examine the relationship between transfer of passive immunity and health outcomes in veal production in Qu & eacute;bec. The objective of this study was to investigate the risk factors associated with morbidity and mortality in milk and grain-fed veal facilities in Qu & eacute;bec. Between October 2017 and December 2018, a prospective cohort study was conducted on 59 batches of milk- and grain-fed veal calves from Mont & eacute;r & eacute;gie and Centre du Qu & eacute;bec regions in Qu & eacute;bec, Canada. A total of 30 calves per batch were randomly sampled for the transfer of passive immunity (TPI) status using the Brix refractometer (serum threshold >= 8.4%). Throughout the production cycle, arrival, treatment, mortality, and slaughter records of each batch of calves were extracted and used to quantify individual- and group-level risk factors. Morbidity and mortality were modelled through generalized linear mixed models (GLMMs) using a logit link, as function of categorical variables (individual inadequate TPI, arrival season, purchasing sites, and arrival weights) and a continuous variable (proportion of inadequate TPI in the batch). Given that the health and performance data are usually collected retrospectively under commercial settings, incomplete data was recognized as a potential issue. Thus, multiple imputation models were used. From 59 batches where 1729 calves were sampled for measuring TPI, 1084 calves had a serum Brix% < 8.4% giving a prevalence of 62.7% of inadequate TPI. The prevalence of morbidity and mortality in those 59 batches were not associated with the batch-level inadequate TPI prevalence. On the other hand, individual calves with inadequate TPI had higher odds of morbidity (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 1.2-2.05, P = 0.001) compared to those calves with adequate TPI. Odds of mortality, on the other hand, were not significantly affected by inadequate TPI (OR:1.27; 95% CI: 0.74-2.18, P = 0.3). Calves arriving to the facility during the winter season had lower odds of mortality than those arriving in fall (OR:0.16; 95% CI: 0.03-0.78, P = 0.02). In conclusion, this study suggests that inadequate TPI, as assessed upon arrival in veal farms, remains an important concern for negative health outcomes in veal calves.
Role of Probiotics and Functional Foods in Health: Gut Immune Stimulation by Two Probiotic Strains and a Potential Probiotic Yoghurt; There are numerous reports that show the benefits on the health attributed to the probiotic consumptions. Most of the studies were performed using animal models and only some of them were validated in controlled human trials. The present review is divided in two sections. In the first section we describe how the probiotic microorganisms can interact with the intestinal epithelial cells that are the first line of cell in the mucosal site, focusing in the studies of two probiotic strains: Lactobacillus casei DN-114001 (actually Lactobacillus paracasei CNCMI-1518) and Lactobacillus casei CRL 431. Then we describe same beneficial effects attributed to probiotic administration and the administration of fermented milks containing these microorganisms or potential probiotic yoghurt, principally on the immune system and on the intestinal barrier in different experimental mouse models like enteropathogenic infection, malnutrition, cancer and intestinal inflammation.
Genetically Determined Circulating Lactase/Phlorizin Hydrolase Concentrations and Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study; Previous research has found that milk is associated with a decreased risk of colorectal cancer (CRC). However, it is unclear whether the milk digestion by the enzyme lactase-phlorizin hydrolase (LPH) plays a role in CRC susceptibility. Our study aims to investigate the direct causal relationship of CRC risk with LPH levels by applying a two-sample Mendelian Randomization (MR) strategy. Genetic instruments for LPH were derived from the Fenland Study, and CRC-associated summary statistics for these instruments were extracted from the FinnGen Study, PLCO Atlas Project, and Pan-UK Biobank. Primary MR analyses focused on a cis-variant (rs4988235) for LPH levels, with results integrated via meta-analysis. MR analyses using all variants were also undertaken. This analytical approach was further extended to assess CRC subtypes (colon and rectal). Meta-analysis across the three datasets illustrated an inverse association between genetically predicted LPH levels and CRC risk (OR: 0.92 [95% CI, 0.89-0.95]). Subtype analyses revealed associations of elevated LPH levels with reduced risks for both colon (OR: 0.92 [95% CI, 0.89-0.96]) and rectal cancer (OR: 0.92 [95% CI, 0.87, 0.98]). Consistency was observed across varied analytical methods and datasets. Further exploration is warranted to unveil the underlying mechanisms and validate LPH's potential role in CRC prevention.
DDT and its metabolites in breast milk from two regions in Saudi Arabia; A cross sectional study was designed to measure DDT residues and its metabolites in breast milk samples collected randomly from Saudi lactating mothers living in Al-Ehssa region; which was under leishmania control until 1995, and compare them to samples from, mothers living in Riyadh region where no spraying activities was involved. p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDD and p,p'-DDT residues were measured in 878 breast milk samples by Gas Chromatography/Electron Capture Detector (GC/ECO) and confirmed by Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometer Detector (GC/MSD). Variation in the DDT and its metabolites levels were investigated with respect to regional distribution. Wilcoxon rank sum tests showed that the average ranks of p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDD, p,p'-DDT and Sigma p,p'-DDT in lactating mothers from Al-Ehssa region were significantly higher than those living in Riyadh region. These differences supported our hypothesis that the implications of the spraying activities to control vector borne diseases in Al-Ehssa region are obvious. We estimated that 99.2% of infants of lactating mothers living in Al-Ehssa region had Sigma p,p'-DDT daily intakes that exceeded 20 mug/Kg-day of body weight, the WHO/UAEP Acceptable Daily Intakes for a 5-Kg infant. Exposure of infants to these chemicals through breast-feeding is clearly a public health concern. Because the bulk of literature highlights the adverse health effects of DDT and its metabolites on children and infants, public health polices should enforce the ban of DDT use and advise pregnant and lactating women to avoid DDT containing food or any other type of exposure.
A randomized parallel study to assess the safety and efficacy of two different dosing regimens of 5% imiquimod in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma; Objectives: This study was designed to compare the safety and efficacy of two cycled dosing regimens of imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC). Methods: Patients (n=32) were randomized to receive one of two treatment regimens: 8 weeks of treatment with once-daily dosing for alternate weeks (RI) and 5 weeks of once-daily dosing with a 1-week interval in the middle of the course (R2). Efficacy measures were tumour clearance at weeks 19 and 52 and measures of patients' acceptability. Results: Data from 30 patients (13 females), 14 on RI and 16 on R2, were analysed. The results revealed an initial clearance rate of 64% at week 19 for R1 and 81% for R2 (95% CI for difference: -14% to 45%, p=0.21). However, clearance rates at week 52 were significantly different: 43% for R1 and 88% for R2 (95% CI for difference: 11% to 68%, p=0.02). There was no difference in acceptability of treatment as measured by composite median visual analogue scores at week 8. Conclusion: Five weeks of 5% imiquimod cream once daily with a 1-week interval was more effective but as well tolerated as the 8-week alternate week regimen for sBCC.
TEACHING SELECTION PRINCIPLES WITH HERD RECORDS GENERATED BY AN ELECTRONIC COMPUTER; A selection experiment was conducted with simulated dairy herds. The underlying statistical model for a milk record included all known effects acting upon a record in a natural population of dairy cattle. The all-embracing general model defined, in addition to the statistical model for records, the probabilities of individuals entering or leaving the herd, mortality, fertility, probabilities of various injuries occurring and other vital statistics. Under the assumption of multivariate normal distribution of phenotypic observations and genotypic values a method of generating records was used which yielded variables with expected value and variance equal to the corresponding true population parameters. Fertility mortality, etc. were determined through a generation of random numbers according to given probabilities and decisions were made depending upon whether the generated random number did or did not exceed a predetermined fixed constant. A specific example is described in detail.
Improving Breastfeeding by Empowering Mothers in Vietnam: A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Mobile App; Breastfeeding provides benefits to the infant and mother; however, the rates of breastfeeding, particularly exclusive breastfeeding, remain below optimal levels in many Asian countries. The aim of this study is to review the benefits of breastfeeding to mothers and infants and current rates of breastfeeding in Vietnam, and to evaluate the effectiveness of a mobile application on exclusive breastfeeding among mothers in Vietnam. A two-arm, parallel triple-blinded randomised controlled trial will be conducted among 1000 mothers in Hanoi City, Vietnam, during 2020-2021. Eligible participants are pregnant women who will seek antenatal care from health facilities at 24-36 weeks of gestation and plan to deliver at two participating hospitals, own a smartphone, and carry a singleton foetus. Permuted-block randomisation method stratified by maternal age, education and parity will be used to ensure an equal number of participants in each group. A smartphone app will be developed to deliver breastfeeding and non-breastfeeding information to the intervention and control group, respectively. Data will be collected at baseline, before hospital discharge, and at 1, 4, and 6 months postpartum. This study envisages demonstrating whether a smartphone-based intervention can be effective at improving breastfeeding in Vietnam. Trials registration: ACTRN12619000531112.
Luteotrophic effect, growth and survival of whole versus half embryos and, their relationship with plasma progesterone concentrations of recipient dairy heifers; This prospective and randomised experiment was designed to compare the luteotrophic effect of whole versus half embryos and, to evaluate the relationship between the plasma progesterone (P4) profiles and the rates of early embryonic (from Days 7 to 25), late embryonic (Days 25-42) and foetal (Days 42-63) mortalities of whole and half embryo recipients. Within a single herd, 188 virgin, healthy, cyclic, reproductively sound, with adequate body condition score, Holstein dairy heifers were randomly allocated to receive one whole or one half embryo on Day 7 of the oestrous cycle (Day 0 = estrus). In each embryo-transfer (ET) group, half of the recipients were treated with a CIDR (controlled internal drug releasing device) between Days 7 and 19. Pregnancy was evaluated by ultrasound on Days 25, 42 and 63 and plasma P4 profiles were obtained until Day 63 of pregnancy.
Menaquinones, Bacteria, and the Food Supply: The Relevance of Dairy and Fermented Food Products to Vitamin K Requirements; Vitamin K exists in the food supply as phylloquinone, a plant-based form and as menaquinones (MKs), a collection of isoprenologues mostly originating from bacterial synthesis. Although multiple bacterial species used as starter cultures for food fermentations synthesize MK, relatively little is known about the presence and distribution of MK in the food supply and the relative contribution of MK to total dietary vitamin K intake. Dairy products may be a predominant source of dietary MK in many regions of the world, and there is recent interest in enhancing the MK content of dairy products through identification and selection of MK-producing bacteria in dairy fermentations. This interest is increased by emerging evidence that current dietary recommendations based on the classic role of vitamin K as an enzyme cofactor for coagulation proteins may not be optimal for supporting vitamin K requirements in extrahepatic tissues and that MK may have unique bioactivity beyond that as an enzyme cofactor. Observational studies have reported favorable associations between MK intake and bone and cardiovascular health. Although randomized trials have provided some evidence to support the beneficial effects of MK on bone, the evidence to date is not definitive, and randomized trials have not yet examined MK intake in relation to cardiovascular outcomes. Food production practices provide a means to enhance dietary MK availability and intake. However, parallel research is needed to optimize these production practices, develop comprehensive food MK content databases, and test hypotheses of unique beneficial physiological roles of MK beyond that achieved by phylloquinone.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Price discounting of cigarettes in milk bars near secondary schools occurs more frequently in areas with greater socioeconomic disadvantage; Objective: To examine differences in price discounting of cigarettes in milk bars located near secondary schools in metropolitan areas of Victoria, according to neighbourhood socioeconomic status (SES).
Treatment with n-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Overcomes the Inverse Association of Vitamin D Deficiency with Inflammation in Severely Obese Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Obesity affects the vitamin D status in humans. Vitamin D and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) provide benefit for the prevention of fractures and cardiovascular events, respectively, and both are involved in controlling inflammatory and immune responses. However, published epidemiological data suggest a potential interference of n-3 PUFA supplementation with vitamin D status. Therefore, we aimed to investigate in a randomized controlled clinical trial whether treatment with long chain n-3 PUFA affects vitamin D status in severely obese patients and potential interrelations of vitamin D and PUFA treatment with inflammatory parameters. Fifty-four severely obese (BMI >= 40 kg/m2) non-diabetic patients were treated for eight weeks with either 3.36 g/d EPA and DHA or the same amount of butter fat as control. Changes in serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D [25(OH) D] concentrations, plasma fatty acid profiles and circulating inflammatory marker concentrations from baseline to end of treatment were assessed. At baseline 43/54 patients were vitamin D deficient (serum 25(OH) D concentration,50 nmol/l). Treatment with n-3 PUFA did not affect vitamin D status (P = 0.91). Serum 25(OH) D concentration correlated negatively with both IL-6 (P = 0.02) and hsCRP serum concentration (P = 0.03) at baseline. Strikingly, the negative correlations of 25(OH) D with IL-6 and hsCRP were lost after n-3 PUFA treatment. In conclusion, vitamin D status of severely obese patients remained unaffected by n-3 PUFA treatment. However, abrogation of the inverse association of 25(OH) D concentration with inflammatory markers indicated that n-3 PUFA treatment could compensate for some detrimental consequences of vitamin D deficiency.
The effect of individual versus pair housing of dairy heifer calves during the preweaning period on measures of health, performance, and behavior up to 16 weeks of age; Pair housing of dairy heifer calves during the preweaning period helps meet the natural social needs of the calf and has been shown to improve growth and starter intake during the preweaning period as compared with individual housing. However, there is little evidence to suggest that pair-housed calves maintain their social and growth advantages past the weaning phase. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of pair housing on measures of calf performance, health, and behavior up to 16 wk of age. Healthy Holstein and crossbred heifer calves were enrolled in the study after colostrum feeding, with the first calf randomly assigned to 1 of 2 housing treatments: pair (PR; 2 hutches with common outdoor space) or individual (INDV; 1 hutch plus outdoor space). All calves were bucket fed 4 L of milk replacer twice daily and weaned at 50 d of age. Weaned calves (6/group) remained with their treatment group until exit from the study at 16 wk. A venous blood sample was collected from each calf between 24 h and 7 d of age to test for serum total protein (g/dL). Body weights (kg) were obtained at birth, weaning, and 16 wk. Each enrolled calf was scored for health each week and calf health treatments were also collected. A hair sample was collected from the left shoulder at birth and 16 wk to assess hair cortisol (pg/mL). At enrollment, each calf was fitted with a triaxial accelerometer on the left hind leg for continuous recording of standing and lying time (min/24 h) for 16 wk. Latency to find feed, water, and lie down (min) at entrance to the weaned pen were recorded by continuous video observation. Open field testing with a novel object was performed at 5, 10, and 16 wk. Behaviors analyzed by video observation included latency to approach the object (s), vocalizations (n), and time spent immobile, walking, or running (s/10 min). Linear mixed models were used to determine the effect of treatment (INDV or PR) on calf growth, activity, and behavioral outcomes, which accounted for time, breed, the interaction of time and treatment, the random pen, and variability in testing day and repeated measurements within calf when appropriate. Twenty-four Holstein and crossbred calves (PR: n = 12, 6 pairs; INDV: n = 12) were enrolled from November 2 to December 23, 2018. The PR calves were 7.1 kg heavier at weaning and gained 0.15 kg/d more during the preweaning period as compared with INDV calves. In the 24 h after movement to the post-weaning pen, PR calves lay down for longer periods of time (14.3 vs. 11.0 +/- 0.4 h/d), and PR calves urinated more during novel object testing at 5 wk of age. Our study demonstrated benefits, such as better growth and increased lying time, of pair housing calves during the preweaning period.
Daily ingestion of fermented milk containing <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> DN114001 improves innate-defense capacity in healthy middle-aged people; Different lactic acid bacteria have often been administered as a dietary means to enhance immune system activity. Based on this statement, the aim of the current work was to test the effects of a Lactobacillus casei DN114001 fermented milk consumption on the immune response capacity in middle-age volunteers. Forty-five healthy volunteers, 24 women and 21 men (aged: 51 - 58 years), were randomized into two groups to receive three cups per day of a L. casei DN114001 (10(8) - 10(10) ufc/g) fermented milk (n = 23), or placebo (n = 22), during an 8-week period. Measurements were performed before (day 0), and after the nutritional intervention (day 56). After the trial, no changes in immune cell proportions were detected, but the probiotic-treated group increased oxidative burst capacity of monocytes (probiotic group: p = 0.029; placebo group: p = 0.625), as well as NK cells tumoricidal activity (probiotic group: p = 0.023; placebo group: p = 0.125). Results showed that daily intake of fermented milk containing Lactobacillus casei DN114001 could have a positive effect in modulating the innate immune defense in healthy-middle-age people.
Is a Delayed Treatment with GnRH, hCG or Progesterone Beneficial for Reducing Embryonic Mortality in Buffaloes?; The aims of this study were to verify the efficacy of delayed hormonal treatments performed on day 25 post-insemination on pregnancy rate at 45 and 70 days in buffalo. The trial was performed on 385 buffaloes synchronized by the Ovsynch/TAI protocol and submitted to artificial insemination (AI). Twenty-five days after AI, pregnant animals were assigned to four treatments: (1) GnRH agonist (n = 52), 12 mu g of buserelin acetate; (2) hCG (n = 51), 1500 IU of human chorionic gonadotrophin; (3) Progesterone (n = 47), 341 mg of P4 intramuscular (im) every 4 days for three times; (4) Control (n = 54), treatment with physiological saline (0.9% NaCl). Milk samples were collected on days 10, 20 and 25 after AI in all buffaloes to determine progesterone concentration in whey by radioimmunoassay method. Statistical analysis was performed by anova. Pregnancy rate on day 25 after AI was 52.9%, but declined to 41.8% by day 45, indicating an embryonic mortality (EM) of 21%. If only control group is considered, the incidence of EM was 38.9%. Pregnant buffaloes had higher (p < 0.01) progesterone concentrations on day 20 and 25 after AI than both non-pregnant buffaloes and buffaloes that showed EM. The treatments on day 25 increased (p < 0.01) pregnancy rate, although in buffaloes with a low whey progesterone concentration on day 20 and 25 after AI (n = 22); all treatments were ineffective to reduce EM.
Effect of porcine plasma on growth and health of Holstein calves; The objective of this trial was to compare the health and performance of calves provided high feeding rates of a whey-based all-milk-protein calf milk replacer (MR) with those fed an MR containing either 5% or 10% porcine plasma, which replaced, respectively, either 15% or 30% of the whey-based proteins in the MR formula. A total of 320 male Holstein calves weighing a mean (+/- SD) of 47.8 +/- 4.1 kg were sourced from local dairy farms, auction facilities, and local order buyers. Calves arrived at the research facility in 4 batches of 80 animals each and were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: (1) MR composed of whey-based milk proteins (control group); (2) whey replacement of 5% spray-dried porcine plasma (replacing 15% of protein); or (3) whey replacement of 10% spray-dried porcine plasma (replacing 30% of protein). Calves were housed in individual pens for the first 56 d of the experiment and offered, twice daily, a 26% crude protein (CP), 20% fat MR standardized using synthetic amino acids to 2.4% lysine, 0.8% methionine, and 1.6% threonine. Amounts of MR offered from wk 1 to 8 were 0.65, 0.78, 0.91, 1.04, 1.04, 0.78, 0.52, and 0.325 kg/d, respectively. Calves were also offered a 20% CP texturized calf starter from d 0 to 56 and then transitioned over 7 d (d 56-62) of a 50% calf starter and 50% corn and pellet ration with 2% straw to a corn and pellet ration with 2% straw (18.1% CP) for the remainder of the experiment (d 63-77). Calves were individually weighed upon arrival, weekly through d 56, and at d 77. Grain was fed ad libitum, and remaining grain was weighed weekly to determine weekly consumption. Remaining grain was discarded and was replaced with fresh grain that was weighed and recorded. All milk was offered individually via bucket twice daily, and refusals were recorded following milk feeding by weighing back the remaining unconsumed milk solution. Calves were health scored twice daily, and any medical treatments or mortality were recorded. Time to mortality and medical treatments were analyzed using survival analysis, health scoring data were analyzed using a generalized linear model, and growth was evaluated using a mixed repeated-measures linear regression model. No differences in mortality or incidence of diarrhea were noted between groups. Although there was a high incidence of respiratory disease (65%), no differences were found between groups. Over the entire experimental period, calves gained 67.0 +/- 14.9 kg; however, no differences in growth among groups were noted, with the exception that, on d 77, BW was greater for calves in the control group (115.8 +/- 15.5 kg) compared with those fed a MR with 5% porcine plasma (113.4 +/- 17.8 kg). No differences were found between groups with respect to feed conversion. In this study, an MR composed of either 5% or 10% spray-dried porcine plasma performed comparably to a whey protein-based MR.
Effect of a 12-week nutritional intervention in the food intake of patients on the waiting list for liver transplantation: A secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial; Background: Inadequate food intake contributes to malnutrition in patients with cirrhosis on the waiting list for liver transplantation (LTx). Objective: To evaluate food intake during 12 weeks of nutritional follow-up and assess factors independently associated with the difference between energy and protein intake in LTx patients. Methods: A secondary analysis of data from a randomized controlled trial that evaluated the effects of Beta-Hydroxy-Beta-Methylbutyrate (HMB) supplementation and nutritional intervention in patients on a liver transplant waiting list. Dietary guidelines for patients with cirrhosis were used to prescribe the nutritional plan (35 kcal/kg; 1.5 g/kg dry weight for protein) and to evaluate the nutritional goals (30 kcal/kg; 1.2 g/kg dry weight for protein; late evening snack) and nutritional counseling dietary follow-ups were performed in each evaluation. Food intake was assessed in six moments: Baseline, week 0 (W0), week 2 (W2), week 4 (W4), week 8 (W8), and week 12 (W12). Results: Forty-seven patients (55.0 +/- 10.6y; 72.3% male) were evaluated. Only 25.5% (n = 12) of patients achieved nutritional goals at the end of the study. The mean energy intake at Baseline was 1782 +/- 784 kcal (27.6 +/- 13.2 kcal/kg) without difference between moments. The protein intake increased between W0 [63.4 +/- 29.8g; 0.8(0.2-2.2 g/kg)] and W8 [72.0 +/- 28.0g; 1.0(0.4-2.6 g/kg); p = 0.03; p = 0.03, respectively]. The consumption of cholesterol, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, iron, and niacin increased (p < 0.05), as well as the consumption of legumes; roots and tubers; dairy; and meat, poultry and fish groups through time (p < 0.05). The percentage of patients that consumed a late evening snack rised from 40.4% (Baseline) to 76.6% (W8) (p < 0.001). The presence of ascites, nourished patients, frailty index classification, short physical performance battery score, systemic symptoms, and emotional function in the Quality of Life Test were independently associated with the energy intake difference between W12 and Baseline (p < 0.05). Diabetes mellitus, patients with moderately malnourishment, poor performance, fatigue, systemic symptoms, and emotional function in the Quality of Life Test were independently associated with the difference in protein intake between W12 and Baseline (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Patients on the liver transplant waiting list showed slight food intake improvement during the follow-up, but few met nutritional guidelines. Various clinical and nutritional factors independently affected energy and protein intake from W12 to Baseline. (c) 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
A CINEMATIC MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING STUDY OF MILK OF MAGNESIA LAXATIVE AND AN ANTIFLATULENT DIET TO REDUCE INTRAFRACTION PROSTATE MOTION; Purpose: To determine the reduction of prostate motion during a typical radiotherapy (RT) fraction from a bowel regimen comprising an antiflatulent diet and daily milk of magnesia.
Effect of Oral Silymarin Administration on Prevention of Radiotherapy Induced Mucositis: A Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Mucositis is a frequent severe complication of radiation therapy in patient with head and neck cancer. Silymarin is a polyphenolic flavonoid extracted from the milk thistle that exhibits strong antioxidant and antiinflammatory activities. In this study, we evaluate silymarin efficacy in prevention of radiotherapy induced mucositis in patients with head and neck cancer, as the first human study. During this pilot, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, the effect of oral silymarin 420mg daily in three divided doses starting at the first day of radiotherapy for 6 weeks, on oral mucositis occurrence was assessed. Twenty-seven patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria assigned to the silymarin or placebo group. World Health Organization and National Cancer Institute-Common Terminology Criteria oral mucositis grading scale scores were recorded at baseline and weekly during these 6 weeks. The median World Health Organization and National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria scores were significantly lower in silymarin group at the end of the first to sixth week (p<0.05). The scores increased significantly in both placebo and silymarin groups during radiotherapy, but there was a delay for mucositis development and progression in silymarin group. Prophylactic administration of conventional form of silymarin tablets could significantly reduce the severity of radiotherapy induced mucositis and delay its occurrence in patients with head and neck cancer. Copyright (C) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The validity of over-the-counter skin, hair, and nail recommendations for adult patients with cancer: A systematic review; ImportancePatients undergoing cancer treatment experience a multitude of skin, hair, and nail adverse events, prompting them to use non-evidence-based and often restrictive over-the-counter (OTC) recommendations to alleviate their symptoms. Comprehensively assessing evidence-based OTC modalities is crucial to enable cancer patients to comfortably resume their lives post-treatment and integrate clinically sound practices into their self-care routines.ObjectivePerform a systematic review and assessment of evidence-based OTC skin, hair, and nail care recommendations for adult patients undergoing cancer treatment.Evidence reviewPubMed, Cochrane, Embase, and Medline databases were searched in March 2023 to identify English articles addressing OTC skin, hair, and nail care recommendations for adult patients before, during, and after cancer chemotherapy or radiation therapy (RT). Quality was assessed with Oxford Centre for Evidence Based Medicine criteria.Findings2192 unique articles were screened, of which 77 met inclusion criteria consisting of 54 randomized controlled trials (RCT), 8 non-randomized controlled cohorts, 1 non-randomized controlled clinical trial, 3 controlled prospective cohorts, 4 prospective cohorts, 2 controlled clinical trials, 1 prospective comparative study, 2 case reports, and 2 case series discussing 9322 patients. An additional article outside of our database search was included for a total of 78 articles. OTC skin care treatments with the best quality of evidence included moisturizing creams. Our review revealed a paucity of evidence-based hair and nail care practices.Conclusions and relevanceThis systematic review serves to highlight the efficacy of diverse OTC skin, hair, and nail care recommendations for adult cancer patients while encouraging further clinical trials to establish evidence-based management guidelines.
The impact of probiotic yogurt <i>versus</i> ordinary yogurt on serum sTWEAK, sCD163, ADMA, LCAT and BUN in patients with chronic heart failure: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial; Background To date, no study has investigated the effects of probiotic yogurt as a functional food in patients with chronic heart failure (CHF). Therefore, the aim of this study was to compare the impact of probiotic yogurt versus ordinary yogurt on inflammatory, endothelial, lipid and renal indices in CHF patients. In this randomized, triple-blind clinical trial, 90 patients with CHF were randomly allocated into two groups to take either probiotic or ordinary yogurt for 10 weeks. Serum levels of soluble tumor necrosis factor-like weak inducer of apoptosis (sTWEAK), soluble cluster of differentiation 163 (sCD163), asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) were measured by using ELISA kits, and blood urea nitrogen (BUN) was measured by calorimetry method at baseline and at the end of trial. The P-value <0.05 was defined as statistically significant. Results Seventy-eight patients completed the study. At the end of the intervention, the levels of sTWEAK in both groups increased significantly, and this increase was greater in the probiotic yogurt group [691.84 (335.60, 866.95)] compared to control group [581.96 (444.99, 929.40)], and the difference between the groups was statistically significant after adjusting for confounders (P-value: 0.257, adjusted P-value: 0.038). However, no significant differences were found between the groups in the cases of other study indices. Conclusion Probiotic yogurt may be useful for improving the inflammatory status in patients with CHF through increasing sTWEAK levels, however, further studies are needed in this area. (c) 2022 Society of Chemical Industry.
Exchanging a few commercial, regularly consumed food items with improved fat quality reduces total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol: a double-blind, randomised controlled trial; The healthy Nordic diet has been previously shown to have health beneficial effects among subjects at risk of CVD. However, the extent of food changes needed to achieve these effects is less explored. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of exchanging a few commercially available, regularly consumed key food items (e.g. spread on bread, fat for cooking, cheese, bread and cereals) with improved fat quality on total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and inflammatory markers in a double-blind randomised, controlled trial. In total, 115 moderately hypercholesterolaemic, non-statin-treated adults (25-70 years) were randomly assigned to an experimental diet group (Ex-diet group) or control diet group (C-diet group) for 8 weeks with commercially available food items with different fatty acid composition (replacing SFA with mostly n-6 PUFA). In the Ex-diet group, serum total cholesterol (P < 0001) and LDL-cholesterol (P < 0001) were reduced after 8 weeks, compared with the C-diet group. The difference in change between the two groups at the end of the study was -9 and -11 % in total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol, respectively. No difference in change in plasma levels of inflammatory markers (high-sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-6, soluble TNF receptor 1 and interferon-) was observed between the groups. In conclusion, exchanging a few regularly consumed food items with improved fat quality reduces total cholesterol, with no negative effect on levels of inflammatory markers. This shows that an exchange of a few commercially available food items was easy and manageable and led to clinically relevant cholesterol reduction, potentially affecting future CVD risk.
Effect of infrared lamps to ameliorate morbidity and mortality in Murrah calves; The present study was conducted out to evaluate the effect of infrared lamps to ameliorate morbidity and mortality in Murrah calves. Ten newborn Murrah calves were randomly divided into two groups (G(1) and G(2)) of five each. The calves of G(1) were provided with no additional protection; however the calves of G(2) were protected against the cold weather by using the Infrared lamps. The health status of calves were monitored daily both in the morning and evening. The blood samples collected within six hours of birth and then at fortnightly interval were analyzed for total leukocyte count (TLC, thousands/mu l) and differential leukocyte count (DLC). The physiological parameters i.e. respiration rate (RR, breaths/min), heart rate (HR, beats/min) and rectal temperature (RT, degrees F) were recorded at weekly interval. The health performance was better in calves of G(2) as compared to G(1). The calves in G(1) showed comparatively higher values of TLC and neutrophils and the differences were found significant (P<0.05) on 15th day for TLC and 45th day for neutrophils. The values of lymphocytes were significantly (P<0.05) lower in calves of G(1) than G(2) on 45th day. The physiological parameters did not varied significantly between the groups except for RT which was found significantly (P<0.01) lower on 56th day in calves of G(1) than G(2). On the basis of the results, it could be concluded that the Infrared lamps were efficient in providing favourable microclimate and hence can be effectively used in calf shed to protect newborn calves from adverse conditions of winter.
Genetic analysis of calving traits by the multi-trait individual anienal model; Five alternative models were applied for analysis of dystocia and stillbirth in first and second parities. Models 1 and 2 were included only to estimate the parameters required for model 4, and models 3 and 5 are included only as comparisons to the model 4 estimates. Variance components were estimated by multi-trait REML, including cows with valid calving records for both parities. For the effects of sire of calf on first and second parities, variance components were estimated including only calvings with the same sire of calf for both parities. All heritabilities for the cow effect were quite low, but higher for dystocia than for stillbirth and higher in first parity. The sire-of-calf heritabilities were higher than the cow effect heritabilities, except for stillbirth in parity 2. Unlike the effect of cow correlations, all sire of calf correlations were >0.6, and the correlations for the same trait in parities 1 and 2 were >0.9. Thus, a multi-trait analysis should yield a significant gain in accuracy with respect to the sire of calf effects for bulls not mated to virgin heifers. A multi-trait individual animal model algorithm was developed for joint analysis of dystocia and stillbirth in first and second parities. Relationships matrices were included both for the effects of cow and sire of calf. In addition, random herd-year-season and fixed sex of calf effects were included in the model. Records were pre-adjusted for calving month and age. A total of 899,223 Israeli Holstein cows with first calvings since 1985 were included in the complete analysis. Approximate reliabilities were computed for both sire of cow and sire of calf effects. Correlations between these reliabilities and reliabilities obtained by direct inversion of the coefficient matrix for a sire of cow-sire of calf model were all close to 0.99. Phenotypic trends for cows born from 1983 through 2007 were economically unfavorable for dystocia and favorable for stillbirth in both parities. Genetic trends were economically unfavorable for both dystocia and stillbirth in first parity. First-parity sire of calf trends were unfavorable for dystocia, but favorable for stillbirth. All environmental trends were nearly zero. Regressions of evaluations of the complete analysis on a model including only calvings before 2011 were all >0.8. All evaluations met the Interbull Method 3 criterion for unbiasedness. Model 4, which computed genetic evaluations for all animals for all 4 traits accounting for all known relationships and correlations among the traits, is recommended for routine genetic evaluation of calving traits.
Thiamin and Riboflavin in Human Milk: Effects of Lipid-Based Nutrient Supplementation and Stage of Lactation on Vitamer Secretion and Contributions to Total Vitamin Content; While thiamin and riboflavin in breast milk have been analyzed for over 50 years, less attention has been given to the different forms of each vitamin. Thiamin-monophosphate (TMP) and free thiamin contribute to total thiamin content; flavin adenine-dinucleotide (FAD) and free riboflavin are the main contributors to total riboflavin. We analyzed milk collected at 2 (n = 258) or 6 (n = 104), and 24 weeks (n = 362) from HIV-infected Malawian mothers within the Breastfeeding, Antiretrovirals and Nutrition (BAN) study, randomly assigned at delivery to lipid-based nutrient supplements (LNS) or a control group, to investigate each vitamer's contribution to total milk vitamin content and the effects of supplementation on the different thiamin and riboflavin vitamers at early and later stages of lactation, and obtain insight into the transport and distribution of these vitamers in human milk. Thiamin vitamers were derivatized into thiochrome-esters and analyzed by high-performance liquid-chromatography-fluorescence-detection (HPLC-FLD). Riboflavin and FAD were analyzed by ultra-performance liquid-chromatography-tandem-mass-spectrometry (ULPC-MS/MS). Thiamin-pyrophosphate (TPP), identified here for the first time in breast milk, contributed 1.9-4.5% to total thiamin. Free thiamin increased significantly from 2/6 to 24 weeks regardless of treatment indicating an active transport of this vitamer in milk. LNS significantly increased TMP and free thiamin only at 2 weeks compared to the control: median 170 versus 151 mu g/L (TMP), 13.3 versus 10.5 mu g/L (free thiamin, p<0.05 for both, suggesting an up-regulated active mechanism for TMP and free thiamin accumulation at early stages of lactation. Free riboflavin was consistently and significantly increased with LNS (range: 14.8-19.6 mu g/L (LNS) versus 5.0-7.4 mu g/L (control), p<0.001), shifting FAD: riboflavin relative amounts from 92-94:6-8% to 85:15%, indicating a preferred secretion of the free form into breast milk. The continuous presence of FAD in breast milk suggests an active transport and secretion system for this vitamer or possibly formation of this co-enymatic form in the mammary gland.
Aesthetic Outcome and Psychosexual Distress After Treatment for Vulvar High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions; ObjectivesThis study compared aesthetic outcome, psychosexual distress, and treatment satisfaction between women receiving surgical treatment or medical treatment with imiquimod for vulvar high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion.Materials and MethodsThis is an extended analysis of the multicenter, randomized noninferiority trial "topical imiquimod versus surgery for vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia." Patients were randomized to primary topical treatment or surgery and stratified by unifocal or multifocal disease. Digital photos of vulvar appearance were subsequently assessed for aesthetic outcome by 3 investigators blinded to group allocation. Psychosexual distress and treatment satisfaction were assessed with the Cervical Dysplasia Distress Questionnaire, the Sexual Activity Questionnaire, and the Client Satisfaction Questionnaire at baseline and follow-up.ResultsOne hundred ten patients aged between 19 and 82 years were enrolled. Per-protocol analysis showed complete clinical response in 80% (37/46) using imiquimod, compared with 79% (41/52) after one surgical intervention. Photodocumentation at baseline and 6-month follow-up was available for 84 of these patients (44 imiquimod, 40 surgery). Blinded reviewer assessments of lesion size and lesion severity showed improvement from baseline to follow-up, with no differences between treatment groups. Sexual pleasure, discomfort, and distress remained stable from baseline to follow-up in both groups.ConclusionsGood aesthetic outcome of vulvar high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion treatment can be achieved with imiquimod and surgery, consisting of ablation or local excision. Treatment satisfaction and stable psychosexual health may not be dependent on chosen treatment modality, but rather on counseling in accordance with patients' preferences.
Fish oil rich in eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in sow diets modifies oxylipins and immune indicators in colostrum and milk; Colostrum and milk are the first nutrient sources for newborn piglets. In addition, n-3 fatty acids (FAs) and their oxygenated derivatives (oxylipins) have the capacity to modulate immune components. The aim of the current study was to include a fish oil rich in eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in sow diets to promote an increase of anti-inflammatory molecules in colostrum and milk to benefit piglets. Thirty-six sows were randomly assigned from insemination to the end of lactation to either a control diet with animal fat (15 g/kg in gestation and 30 g/kg in lactation) or an n-3 diet in which animal fat was totally (gestation) or half (lactation) replaced by an equivalent amount of solid fish oil. Performance of sows and piglets was monitored during the study. Colostrum and milk samples were obtained after the birth of the first piglet and at weaning, respectively. From all samples (n = 18 per treatment), FAs were quantified by gas chromatography and immunoglobulins and cytokines by ELISA. Three samples per treatment were randomly selected to analyse oxylipin composition by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. In colostrum and in milk, the n-3 FA (P = 0.020 and P < 0.001), particularly EPA (P < 0.001 and P < 0.001) and DHA (P < 0.001 and P < 0.001), and also their oxygenated derivatives were increased in samples from sows fed n-3 diet. Fish oil had no effect on immunoglobulin concentrations, but reduced tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha) (P = 0.011) and a tendency to reduce interleukin 10 (IL10) (P = 0.059) were observed in milk. In conclusion, fish oil in sow diets increased n-3 FA, particularly EPA and DHA, and their oxygenated derivatives in colostrum and milk, reducing TNFa and IL10 in milk. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Administration of GnRH at day 20 of AI and embryonic losses in synchronized crossbred buffalo; IntroductionFollowing the application of different artificial insemination and synchronization protocols, the synchronized buffaloes had a higher incidence of early embryonic or fetal death, thus impairing reproductive performance. Therefore, there is a need to devise a synchronizing program that can improve conception, allow early pregnancy diagnosis, reduce early embryonic losses, and provide an early clue for pregnancy diagnosis and establishment. The present study aimed (1) to determine the effect of administration of different GnRH doses at day 20 of artificial insemination (AI) on the reproductive performance of buffaloes and (2) to observe the influence of synchronization protocol, parity, age, milk production, and body condition score (BCS) on early embryonic loss and progesterone (P4) levels in crossbred buffaloes. MethodsCrossbred buffaloes (n = 101) were synchronized using the GPGMH protocol. At day 20 of AI, the synchronized buffaloes were randomly divided into four groups and administrated GnRH doses (0, 100, 150, and 200 mu g). The buffaloes were monitored for ovarian dynamics, P4 level, non-return rate, embryonic/fetal losses, and pregnancy rates. The previously synchronized buffaloes were also classified for synchronization protocol (with or without GnRH), parity (nulli- or multiparous), milk production (high or low), BCS (low, medium, or good) or age (>3 or < 3 years) groups for observing the embryonic loss and P4 level variations. ResultsThe results indicated no difference (P > 0.05) in CL size, P4 level, pregnancy rate and embryo/fetal losses across the treatment groups at different observation periods. There was a high (P < 0.05) incidence of early embryonic mortality in aged, multiparous, low BCS and low milk-producing buffaloes treated without GnRH. ConclusionThe data suggest that GnRH 200 mu g at day 20 of AI improves embryo survival and pregnancy maintenance in crossbred buffaloes.
AMELIORATION OF THE ADVERSE EFFECT OF A GASTROINTESTINAL CHALLENGE WITH SALMONELLA-ENTERITIDIS ON WEANLING RATS BY A YOGURT DIET; The response of yogurt-fed rats and the corresponding unfermented milk-fed rats to an infectious gastrointestinal challenge was compared. After 1 (2 trials), 7 (4 trials), 14 and 21 (1 trial each) days on freeze-dried milk or yogurt diets, the rats were inoculated intra-gastrically by intubation per os with 4.5 x 1010 .+-. 0.7 colony forming units (.hivin.x .+-. SEM [standard error of the mean]) of S. enteritidis. Challenged and control rats were monitored during the 3 wk post-inoculation for  viability, weight gain, feed consumption and feed efficiency. In general, challenged yogurt-fed rats exhibited significantly superior weight gain and feed efficiency (but not feed consumption) values in wk 1 post-infection, but the differences were not significant in wk 2 post-infection. Sick milk- and yogurt-fed rats convalesced in wk 3. Pooled mortality data indicated that yogurt-fed rats survived better than milk-fed rats. Yogurt did not prevent salmonellosis per se but significantly reduced  the mortality and weight gain deceleration.
Randomized trial assessing impact of probiotic supplementation on gut microbiome and clinical outcome from targeted therapy in metastatic renal cell carcinoma; Studies suggest a link between the gut microbiome and metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) outcomes, including evidence that mRCC patients possess a lower abundance of Bifidobacterium spp. compared to healthy adults. We sought to assess if a Bifidobacterium-containing yogurt product could modulate the gut microbiome and clinical outcome from vascular endothelial growth factor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (VEGF-TKIs). mRCC patients initiating VEGF-TKIs, regardless of the line of therapy, were randomized to probiotic-supplemented (two 4 oz. servings of the probiotic yogurt product daily) or probiotic-restricted arms. Stool samples were collected prior to therapy and at weeks 2, 3, 4, and 12. Microbiome composition was assessed using whole-metagenome sequencing. A total of 20 patients were randomized. Bifidobacterium animalis, the active ingredient of the probiotic supplement, reached detectable levels in all patients in the probiotic-supplemented arm versus two patients in the probiotic-restricted arm. Clinical benefit rate was similar in probiotic-supplemented versus probiotic-restricted arms (70% vs. 80%, p = 0.606). Linear discriminant analysis (LDA) effect size analysis of MetaPhIAn2 abundance data predicted 25 enriched species demonstrating an LDA score >3 in either clinical benefit or no clinical benefit. In patients with clinical benefit (vs. no clinical benefit), Barnesiella intestinihominis and Akkermansia muciniphila were significantly more abundant (p = 7.4 x 10(-6) and p = 5.6 x 10(-3), respectively). This is the first prospective randomized study demonstrating modulation of the gut microbiome with a probiotic in mRCC. Probiotic supplementation successfully increased the Bifidobacterium spp. levels. Analysis of longitudinal stool specimens identified an association between B. intestinihominis, A. muciniphila, and clinical benefit with therapy.
Intake of Various Food Groups and Risk of Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; Despite increasing evidence for the association of food-based dietary patterns with breast cancer risk, knowledge about the shape of the relationship and the quality of meta evidence are insufficient. We aimed to summarize the associations between food groups and risks of breast cancer. We performed a systematic literature search of the PubMed and Embase databases up to March 2020. We included cohort, case-cohort, nested casecontrol studies, and follow-up studies of randomized controlled trials that investigated the relationship between breast cancer risk and at least 1 of the following food groups: red meat, processed meat, fish, poultry, egg, vegetables, fruit, dairy product (overall, milk, yogurt, and cheese), grains/cereals, nuts, legumes, soy, and sugar-sweetened beverages. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% Cls were estimated using a random-effects model for linear and nonlinear relationships. Inverse linear associations were observed for vegetables (RR per 100 g/d, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.95-0.99), fruit (RR per 100 g/d, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.95-0.99), cheese (RR per 30 g/d, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.91-1.00), and soy (RR per 30 g/d, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99), while positive associations were observed for red (RR per 100 g/d, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.03-1.18) and processed meat (RR per 50 g/d, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.04-133). None of the other food groups were significantly associated with breast cancer risk. A nonlinear association was observed only for milk, such that the intake of >450 g/d increased the risk, while no association was observed for lower intake amounts. High intakes of vegetables, fruit, cheese, and soy products and low intakes of red and processed meat were associated with lower risks of breast cancer. However, causality cannot be inferred from these statistical correlations.
Improvement of green tea polyphenol with milk on skin with respect to antioxidation in healthy adults: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized crossover clinical trial; Green tea polyphenols (GTP) have been widely tested for their effects on several metabolic syndromes and degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. The present study was formulated to assess the physiological efficacy of green tea polyphenol infused with milk (GTPM) on skin integrity in correlation with antioxidative status in healthy adults. Forty-four healthy voluntary subjects were recruited and assigned to two groups, who drank 240 ml of mineral water mixed with either an experimental (GTPM) or placebo package (2 packs per day) for the following 6 months. The experimental group then switched to the placebo package, and vice versa, for a further 6 months, with one month of washout period in between. During the initial, 3rd, 6th, 10th, and 13th month anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were withdrawn for various biochemical assays. Skin examination was performed at the initial, 6th and 13th month. No significant alterations were observed in any of the anthropometric measurements. Administration of GTPM significantly increased (p < 0.05) the antioxidant index and antioxidant enzyme activities when compared with the placebo group, whereas a concomitant decrease in the levels of lipid peroxidation were noted. Moreover, GTPM intake notably improved skin integrity and texture by markedly lowering (p < 0.05) skin wrinkles and roughness in elderly subjects. GTPM proved to be an effective antioxidant by lowering oxidative stress and thereby ameliorating skin texture and integrity.
Interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin: systematic review; Objectives To assess the effects of treatments for basal cell carcinoma.
EFFECT OF RE-17 MUTANT SALMONELLA-TYPHIMURIUM BACTERIN TOXOID ON CLINICAL COLIFORM MASTITIS; The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that the incidence and severity of clinical coliform mastitis could be decreased by Re-17 mutant Salmonella typhimurium bacterin toxoid. Holstein-Friesian cows from two Arizona dairies were selected for this study based on July through November projected calving dates; peak lactation occurred during the period of highest rainfall and peak environmental stress. The cows were randomly assigned to either a vaccinate or a control group, and 1292 cows were paired by herd, parity, calving date, and milk yield. The 646 vaccinates were injected twice during the third trimester of pregnancy with an Re-17 mutant S. typhimurium bacterin toxoid, and the 646 controls were not vaccinated. Vaccinated cows had significantly fewer clinical cases of coliform mastitis with positive coliform cultures and had lower culling rate from coliform mastitis than control cows during the first 5 mo of lactation. During the same period, the mortality rate from clinical coliform mastitis was 75% less in the vaccinated clinical coliform mastitic group than in the control group. Incidence of mastitis increased with advancing parity. The Re-17 mutant Salmonella typhimurium bacterin toxoid provided cross-protection against coliform mastitis; incidence and severity of clinical coliform mastitis were significantly lowered during the first 5 mo of lactation.
Tumor inhibition associated with secretory changes produced by estrogen in a transplanted mammary adenocarcinoma of the rat; Subcutaneous injs. of estrogen in doses of 0.166 to 0.2 mg. in sesame oil twice weekly in the inbred August strain of rats bearing a regularly growing transplantable adenocarcinoma of the breast inhibited tumor growth. Tumors in treated rats were significantly smaller than in control animals. The growth rate of tumors in treated as in untreated rats is wholly independent of the age or sex of the animals. Estrogenized animals in general showed a loss of body wt. Reduction in wt. produced by a caloric restriction of approx. 50% was also associated with a decrease in size of transplanted tumors. The growth rate of two rapidly proliferating transplanted sarcomas in inbred rat strains was not inhibited by estrogen, despite loss of wt. in the treated animals. Lactational changes in the transplanted mammary cancers were produced in a large majority of [female] and [male] rats that survived 21 days after implantation of grafts and received 8 doses of estrogen. This was the minimal quantity of [female] sex hormone required to produce active secretory changes in the tumors. The lactational phenomena varied in extent in different tumors. Some contained microscopic focal areas of secretion distributed at random, while others were extensively transformed into large cystic spaces containing milk-like fluid. In one treated animal a lactating metastasis in the lung was observed. It cannot be ruled out that some degree of inhibition of tumor growth resulted from the transformation of potentially proliferating tumor into functioning tissue as a result of adequate hormonal stimulation. The growth and morphology of benign mammary tumors under certain circumstances are dependent on variations in the normal hormone balance. A benign neoplasm, therefore, may differ only quantitatively from the malignant form in its aberration from normal tissue, as a malignant tumor in the present expts. proved capable of radical alteration by an excessive supply of the specific hormone which acts physiologically as a stimulus of its tissue of origin. No alteration was observed in the growth rate of transplanted tumors arising from implants of an estrogenized tumor of diminished rate of proliferation, but without evidence of secretion. The latent period of tumors originating from transplants of grossly lactating tumor tissue was considerably prolonged. In both instances the ensuing tumors reproduced the structure of untreated growths. Pregnancy and lactation, testosterone propionate, and castration exerted no demonstrable influence on the growth or structure of the mammary adenocarcinoma.
Effect of dosing frequency on the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream for treatment of actinic keratosis on the forearms and hands: a phase II, randomized placebo-controlled trial; Background Clinical studies in cutaneous conditions other than actinic keratosis (AK) have revealed that the safety and efficacy profile of imiquimod is influenced by dosing frequency.
Mobile phone text messaging plus motivational interviewing versus usual care: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial to evaluate effects on breastfeeding, child health, and survival outcomes, among women living with HIV (MTI-MI); BackgroundMany infants in low-resourced settings at high risk of infectious disease morbidity and death are deprived of the immunological and nutritional benefits of breast milk, through an attenuated duration of breast milk exposure. South Africa has one of the lowest exclusive breastfeeding rates in Africa, with 8% of infants under 6 months of age. We assume that breastfeeding is sustained among women living with HIV receiving weekly text messages and motivational interviewing and that this contributes to improved infant health outcomes.Objectives(1) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention of mobile phone text messaging and motivational interviewing in promoting (a) exclusive breastfeeding and (b) any form of breastfeeding, until 6 months of child age, compared to usual care, among mothers living with HIV. (2) To evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention on (a) reduction in all-cause hospitalization and mortality rates and (b) improvements in infant linear growth, compared to usual care, among HIV-exposed infants aged 0-6 months.MethodsWe are conducting a clinical trial to determine whether text messaging plus motivational interviewing prolongs breastfeeding and improves infant health outcomes. We are recruiting 275 women living with HIV and their HIV-exposed infants at birth and randomly assign study interventions for 6 months.Statistical methodsBreastfeeding rates are compared between the study groups using a standard proportion test and binomial regression. Survival endpoints are presented using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and compared between the study groups using the Cox proportional-hazards regression model. The count endpoint is analysed using the Poisson random-effects model and mean cumulative function. We use mixed linear regression models to assess the evolution of infant growth over time. The maximum likelihood method will be used to handle missing data.DiscussionThe study findings may facilitate decision-making on (1) whether implementation of the breastfeeding policy achieved the desired outcomes, (2) interventions needed to sustain breastfeeding, and (3) whether the interventions do have an impact on child health.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov NCT05063240. Pan African Clinical Trial Registry PACTR202110870407786. Oct. 1, 2021.
Modification of Breakfast Fat Composition Can Modulate Cytokine and Other Inflammatory Mediators in Women: A Randomized Crossover Trial; Previous trials have demonstrated that modifying dietary fat composition can influence the production of inflammation-related factors. Additionally, it has been suggested that not only the type of fat, but also the timing of fat intake can impact these factors. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to evaluate the effect of altering breakfast fat composition on inflammatory parameters. A 3-month crossover randomized trial was designed, involving 60 institutionalized women who alternately consumed a breakfast rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (margarine), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) (virgin olive oil), or saturated fatty acids (SFA) (butter), based on randomization. The following inflammatory markers were evaluated: epidermal growth factor (EGF), interferon (IFN)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-1 alpha, IL-1 alpha, IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, C-reactive protein (CRP), and vascular/endothelial growth factor (VEGF). The results showed that the most significant effects were observed with the high-MUFA breakfast, as there was a statistically significant decrease in plasma IL-6 (p = 0.016) and VEGF values (p = 0.035). Other factors, such as IL-1 alpha and CRP, also decreased substantially, but did not reach the statistically significant level. On the other hand, the high-PUFA breakfast induced a significant decrease in EGF levels (p < 0.001), whereas the high-SFA breakfast had no apparent effect on these factors. In conclusion, modifying breakfast fat, particularly by increasing MUFA or PUFA intake, appears to be sufficient for promoting a lower inflammatory marker synthesis profile and may be beneficial in improving cardiovascular complications.
Secondary Corpora Lutea Induced by hCG Treatment Enhanced Demi-Embryo Survival in Lactating High-Yielding Dairy Cows; Using a novel in vivo model considering a low developmental competence embryo (demi-embryo) and a subnormal fertility recipient (lactating high-yielding dairy cow), this experiment evaluated the effect of human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) treatment at embryo transfer (ET) on embryonic size at implantation, embryonic survival and recipient plasma progesterone (P-4) and bovine pregnancy-specific protein B (PSPB) concentrations until day 63 of pregnancy. Embryos were bisected and each pair of demi-embryos was bilaterally transferred to recipients (n=61) on day 7 of the oestrous cycle. At ET recipients were randomly assigned to treatment with 1500IU hCG or to untreated controls. Higher (p<0.01) pregnancy rates on days 25, 42 and 63, and embryo survival rate on day 63 were observed in hCG-treated cows with secondary CL than in hCG-treated cows without secondary CL and in untreated cows. Pregnancy rates and embryo survival rate were similar in hCG-treated cows without secondary CL and untreated cows. Embryonic size on day 42 was not affected by treatment with hCG, presence of secondary CL and type of pregnancy (single vs twin). Presence of secondary CL increased (p<0.05) plasma P-4 concentrations of pregnant cows on days 14, 19 and 25 but not thereafter and of non-pregnant cows on days 14-21. Treatment with hCG and presence of secondary CL had no effect on plasma PSPB concentrations, which were higher (p<0.05) in twin than in single pregnancies. In conclusion, secondary CL induced by hCG treatment at ET significantly increased plasma P-4 concentrations, the survival rate of demi-embryos and the pregnancy rate of high-yielding lactating dairy cows. Embryos were rescued beyond maternal recognition of pregnancy, but later embryonic survival, growth until implantation and placental PSPB secretion until day 63 of pregnancy were not affected by treatment or presence of secondary CL.
Can lactoferrin prevent neonatal sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis?; Despite the use of potent antimicrobials, neonatal sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis are associated with significant mortality and morbidity. The emergence of microbial antibiotic resistance is a grave concern. inflammation secondary to sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis increases pulmonary and cerebral morbidity. New strategies that target inflammation and reduce the emergence of antibiotic resistance are urgently needed. Lactoferrin has broad-spectrum antimicrobial and immunomodulatory activities. In animal models of colitis, lactoferrin reduces inflammatory injury. Lactoferrin also induces the receptor-mediated proliferation and differentiation of intestinal cells. A randomized, controlled trial of lactoferrin in premature neonates to prevent late-onset sepsis is currently in progress. Lactoferrin is a promising agent in the prevention of neonatal sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis but needs further evaluation to confirm its safety, tolerability and efficacy.
Vitamin E as alternative local treatment in genitourinary syndrome of menopause: a randomized controlled trial; Introduction and hypothesis Genitourinary syndrome of menopause is a major health concern in postmenopausal women. This study was aimed at comparing the effect of a vitamin E vaginal suppository with that of conjugated estrogen vaginal cream on sexual function in postmenopausal women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause.
The Effect of High-Dose Vitamin D Supplementation on Serum Vitamin D Levels and Milk Calcium Concentration in Lactating Women and Their Infants; Objective: Improve vitamin D status in lactating women and their recipient infants, and measure breast milk calcium concentration [Ca] as a function of vitamin D regimen.
New first-line immunotherapy-based combinations for metastatic renal cell carcinoma: A systematic review and network meta-analysis; Several first-line immune-checkpoints inhibitors (ICI) based combinations have been studied in metastatic renal cell carcinoma (mRCC) without any direct comparison between the regimens. The objective of this systematic review and network meta-analysis was to provide the most updated evidence about the preferred first line ICIbased regimen for mRCC. We searched various databases, including PubMed, Web of Science and Scopus and the major conference proceedings (ASCO, ESMO). Eligible studies were randomized trial, published before June 2021 that evaluated first-line, ICI-based combinations compared with the standard of care in mRCC. Screening was performed independently by two investigators. A Cochrane risk-of-bias tool was used to assess trial quality. Relative effects of competing treatments were assessed by Bayesian network meta-analysis. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses guideline was used. Outcomes included overall survival (OS), progression-free survival (PFS), overall response rate, complete response and adverse events. Six trials with 5478 patients comparing 7 treatments were identified. Network meta-analysis showed that lenvatinib plus pembrolizumab had the highest probability to be the best treatment in terms of OS (surface under the cumulative ranking (SUCRA) 80.7%) and PFS (SUCRA 99.6%), while in sarcomatoid patients, nivolumab plus cabozantinib had the highest rank in terms of survival outcomes (SUCRA 85.8% and SUCRA 77.3%, respectively). Although we established a ranking among new first-line mRCC treatment combinations, the absence of direct comparisons between the multiple treatment options represents a major hurdle in establishing optimal therapeutic sequences. Our results could represent a starting point for head-to-head trials between the most promising combinations.
MODIFICATION OF SPONTANEOUS MAMMARY-TUMORS IN MICE FED DIFFERENT SOURCES OF PROTEIN, FAT AND CARBOHYDRATE; The effects of different sources of dietary protein (milk, soy, wheat, fish and beef), fat (corn oil and butter), and carbohydrate (dextrin and sucrose) on the development of spontaneous mammary tumors in virgin female C3H/HeJ mice were investigated. Weanling mice were randomly divided (28 mice/group) and fed ad libitum 1 of 14 equicaloric diets containing either 11 or 33% protein and 5 or 30% fat or a standard mouse feed for .apprx. 2 yr. Beginning at 6 mo. of age, tumor incidence, non-specific deaths, individual weights and amount of food consumed were monitored. Variations in tumor incidence were most pronounced when the mice fed different sources of protein (at a high level) were compared. The mice fed the low fat diets containing either low milk protein (high carbohydrate) or high fish protein generally exhibited the lowest tumor incidence and highest percent survival. High weight gain was correlated with early tumor appearance, but not with tumor incidence later in the experiment. The mice fed a low fat diet containing low milk protein were tumor-free significantly longer than mice fed the diets containng fish or beef. The only groups with 100% tumor incidence by 120 wk of age were those fed diets containing sucrose (table sugar) or a high fat level.
TOPICAL ISOTRETINOIN FOR PHOTODAMAGED SKIN; Photodamaged skin is characterized clinically by coarseness, telangiectasia, wrinkling, discrete hyperpigmented and hypopigmented macules, atrophy, and ultimately the development of neoplasms. Studies on the UVB-irradiated hairless mouse indicate that topical application of tretinoin or isotretinoin induces structural modifications at the dermal level. Clinical trials indicate that tretinoin improves skin appearance in patients who have photodamage. This double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical trial was conducted to determine whether 36 weeks of treatment with topical isotretinoin improves mildly to moderately photodamaged facial skin. After they gave written informed consent 776 patients were randomly assigned to 36 weeks of treatment with either vehicle cream or isotretinoin cream, applied once nightly. Efficacy was evaluated by means of physician and patient assessment and a blinded analysis of standardized photographs taken before and after treatment. When compared with vehicle, treatment with isotretinoin resulted in statistically significant improvement in overall appearance, fine wrinkling, discrete pigmentation, sallowness, and texture. Isotretinoin cream was well tolerated.
Association of reproductive factors, oral contraceptive use and selected lifestyle factors with the risk of ovarian borderline tumors:: A Danish case-control study; Objective The aim was to examine risk factors for ovarian borderline tumors overall, and according to histological subtype (serous vs. mucinous), in a large Danish population-based case-control study.
PATH MODEL OF HERD-LEVEL RISK-FACTORS FOR CALFHOOD MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY IN NEW-YORK HOLSTEIN HERDS; A multivariable path model of the interrelationships between herd-management policies and herd-level calfhood morbidity and mortality was constructed. Data were from 25 farms in the vicinity of Cornell University, and comprised records from all 962 heifer calves born between 1 November 1983 and 30 April 1985 who lived longer than 24 h and were kept to be raised as replacements. Outcomes of interest were herd-season-year cumulative incidences of the following clinical signs as diagnosed by farmers and recorded on check-off forms: scours/diarrhea within 14 days of birth and from 15 to 90 days of age; dull, listless, droopy ears or off feed within 90 days of birth; cough, runny nose or eyes, or trouble breathing within 90 days of birth; death prior to 90 days of age. Herd-management risk-factor data were based on information from a personal-interview questionnaire administered by the senior author, and were measures of policy rather than of what individual calves actually experienced.
Post-resistance exercise ingestion of milk protein attenuates plasma TNFα and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations; Attenuating TNF alpha/TNFr1 signaling in monocytes has been proposed as a means of mitigating inflammation. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a milk protein supplement on TNF alpha and monocyte TNFr1 expression. Ten resistance-trained men (24.7 +/- 3.4 years; 90.1 +/- 11.3 kg; 176.0 +/- 4.9 cm) ingested supplement (SUPP) or placebo (PL) immediately post-exercise in a randomized, cross-over design. Blood samples were obtained at baseline (BL), immediately (IP), 30-min (30P), 1-h (1H), 2-h (2H), and 5-h (5H) post-exercise to assess plasma concentrations of myoglobin; tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha); and expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFr1) on classical, intermediate, and non-classical monocytes. Magnitude-based inferences were used to provide inferences on the true effects of SUPP compared to PL. Plasma TNF alpha concentrations were "likely attenuated" (91.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 30P in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.87; mean effect: 2.3 +/- 2.4 pg mL(-1)). TNFr1 expressions on classical (75.9% likelihood effect) and intermediate (93.0% likelihood effect) monocytes were "likely attenuated" from BL to 2H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.67; mean effect: 510 +/- 670 RFU, and d = 1.05; mean effect: 2500 +/- 2300 RFU, respectively). TNFr1 expression on non-classical monocytes was "likely attenuated" (77.6% likelihood effect) from BL to 1H in the SUPP group compared with PL (d = 0.69; mean effect: 330 +/- 430 RFU). Ingestion of a milk protein supplement immediately post-exercise appears to attenuate both plasma TNF alpha concentrations and TNFr1 expression on monocyte subpopulations in resistance-trained men.
Vaginal Testosterone Cream vs Estradiol Vaginal Ring for Vaginal Dryness or Decreased Libido in Women Receiving Aromatase Inhibitors for Early-Stage Breast Cancer A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Aromatase inhibitors ( AI) are associated with significant urogenital atrophy, affecting quality of life and drug compliance.
Imiquimod versus podophyllotoxin, with and without human papillomavirus vaccine, for anogenital warts: the HIPvac factorial RCT; Background: The comparative efficacy, and cost-effectiveness, of imiquimod or podophyllotoxin cream, either alone or in combination with the quadrivalent HPV vaccine (Gardasil (R), Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Merck & Co., Inc., Whitehouse Station, NJ, USA) in the treatment and prevention of recurrence of anogenital warts is not known.
'Therapeutic Management' of Incurable Paratuberculosis Using 'Indigenous Vaccine' in Goatherds, Endemically Infected with Johne's Disease; Background: Johne's disease is chronic incurable enteritis mainly responsible for reduced productivity in domestic livestock leading to extensive economic losses to the dairy industry world-wide. Therapeutic efficacy of 'First indigenous vaccine' developed using novel 'Indian bison type' biotype of Mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis (MAP) strain 'S 5' was evaluated for the treatment of clinical Johne's disease in the farm herds of Jakhrana breed of goats. Farm herds of this important milch breed of semi-arid region of Rajasthan were endemically infected with Johne's disease. Materials and Methods: Response to 'Indigenous vaccine' against Johne's disease has been studied twice in this farm unit, first time in 2006-07 (Vaccine trail-I) and second time in the present study from 2013-14 (Vaccine trial-II). Data on improvement in health, clinical condition, productivity, reproductive performance, milk yield, survivability, morbidity, mortality, culling and shedding of MAP in feces were recorded before and after vaccination. In vaccine trial-II, 225 adult goats and 70 and 39 kids (above 3 months age) born to un-vaccinated and vaccinated goats were vaccinated one time between 2013 and 2014, respectively. Results: Reduction in shedding of MAP in this vaccine trial-II of infected goats and 1st generation kids was 45.5 and 100.0%, respectively. Presence of MAP in the blood of vaccinated goats was reduced by 23.0% at 360 DPV. Peak titers were achieved around 90 DPV and all vaccinated goats sero-converted by 360 DPV. High to very high morbidity, mortality and cullings encountered before vaccination in the infected Jakhrana goatherds were mainly due to Johne's disease and were highly reduced after vaccination. Vaccination not only reduced clinical disease but also improved production performance (milk and meat production). Average gain in body weights were distinctly superior in the vaccinated goats and in the 1st generation kids born to vaccinated mothers. After vaccination there was overall improvement in the health of animals, kid survival rate, per animal productivity with respect to milk production and growth rates. Conclusion: Study concluded that 'Indigenous JD vaccine' developed using native MAP biotype can be employed both for the 'Therapeutic management' of the disease in the endemically infected goatherds and for the prevention of disease in naive and non-infected goats. The study can serve as model for the utilization of large population of non-productive domestic livestock and for the management and control of incurable Johne's disease in endemically infected herds and flocks in the country.
Daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream is effective and nearly painless in treating actinic keratoses: a randomised, investigator-blinded, controlled, phase III study throughout Europe; Background Unmet needs exist in actinic keratosis (AK) treatment. Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) has shown good efficacy and safety results compared to conventional PDT (c-PDT) in a recent Phase III multi-centre randomised controlled trial in Australia among 100 subjects with AKs.
Protective effect of yoghurt consumption on <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> seropositivity in a Mexican population; Objective: The aim of the study was to determine the relationship between fermented and unfermented dairy product consumption and Helicobacter pylori seropositivity in a Mexican population.
Faecal microbiota in two-week-old female dairy calves during acute cryptosporidiosis outbreak-Association with systemic inflammatory response; In the present study, relationships between the intestinal microbiota and innate immunity response, acute cryptosporidiosis, and weight gain in female dairy calves were investigated. A total of 112 calves born during a natural outbreak of cryptosporidiosis on one dairy farm was included in the study. Microbiota composition was analysed by means of 16S ribosomal RNA gene amplicon sequencing from faecal samples collected during the second week of life, while the status of Cryptosporidium spp. infection was determined using immunofluorescence. Serum samples from the second week of life were colourimetrically analysed for the following markers of acute inflammation: acute-phase proteins (serum amyloid A and haptoglobin) and pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin-1 beta, interleukin-6, and tumour necrosis factor-alpha). Statistical analyses were performed using random forest analysis, variance-partitioning, and negative binomial regression. The faecal microbiota of the two-week old calves was composed of the phyla Firmicutes, Bacteroidetes, Proteobacteria, Fusobacteria, and Actinobacteria (in order of decreasing abundance). Microbial diversity, measured in terms of the Shannon index, increased with the age of the calves and decreased if a high count of Cryptosporidium spp. oocysts was found in the faeces. Fusobacterium was positively associated with Cryptosporidium spp. oocyst count and serum amyloid A concentration. Peptostreptococcus was positively associated with haptoglobin and serum amyloid A concentrations, and negatively associated with average daily weight gain at 9 months of age. The markers of innate immunity, in combination with age, explained 6% of the microbial variation. These results suggest that some components of the intestinal microbiota may have a long-lasting negative effect on animal growth through the stimulation of the systemic innate immune response.
Evaluation of imiquimod for the therapy of external genital and anal warts in comparison with destructive therapies; External genital and anal warts (acuminate condyloma) were the first medical indication the topical immune response modifier imiquimod was approved for in 1997. Since then, many placebo controlled randomized clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of this synthetic imidazoquinoline derivate for the treatment of different human papillomavirus infections and tumours. Treatment modalities for genital warts (5% cream, three times weekly, minimum duration 4 weeks, control of side-effects) have been optimized and assured by further clinical trials and meta-analyses. For a few years clinical studies focussed on the long-term efficacy of the immunomodulatory therapy (sustained clearance from warts) and most recent studies compared the efficacy of ablative, destructive and imiquimod monotherapy as well as combination therapies.
Preoperative oral application of immunoglobulin-enriched colostrum milk and mediator response during abdominal surgery; Our objective was to evaluate the influence of pre-operative oral application of an immunoglobulin-enriched milk preparation on endotoxin translocation and mediator release during and after abdominal surgery. Forty patients who had been treated by partial (n = 4) or total gastrectomy (n = 8) or pancreatic resection (n = 28) were enrolled in a placebo-controlled pilot study. Pre-operatively, patients were randomly treated for 3 days by oral application of a bovine milk preparation (lactobin(R) 56g/day, n = 20) or placebo (n = 20). In both groups, endotoxin translocation and mediator release was studied pre- and intraoperatively by measuring endotoxin, endotoxin-neutralizing capacity (ENC), interleukin 6, C-reactive protein, transferrin, alpha -2-macroglobulin, albumin, apoliprotein-A1/-B, IgG, IgA, and IgM. The clinical course was followed up by daily evaluation of the Apache-II-score. Clinical data were comparable in both groups. The lactobin group showed significantly lower levels of endotoxin and ENC compared to the placebo group. Acute phase response, endotoxin-binding proteins, and clinical outcome did not differ between both groups. We conclude that prophylactic oral application of lactobin reduces perioperative endotoxemia and prevents reduction of ENC, suggesting a stabilization of gut barrier during abdominal surgery.
Effect of isoflavone soy protein supplementation on endometrial thickness, hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer risk in postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial; Objective: This study aims to determine whether long-term isoflavone soy protein (ISP) supplementation affects endometrial thickness and rates of endometrial hyperplasia and cancer in postmenopausal women.
Evaluation of superficial basal cell carcinomas after treatment with imiquimod 5% cream or vehicle for apoptosis and lymphocyte phenotyping; Objective. To characterize the immune response and the apoptotic pathways that result in regression of imiquimod-treated basal cell carcinomas (BCCs).
The Fitzpatrick Skin Type Scale: A reliability and validity study in women undergoing radiation therapy for breast cancer; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the internal consistency reliability and construct validity of the Fitzpatrick Skin Type Scale during radiation therapy in a cohort of women receiving treatment for breast cancer.
Adequate nutrient intake can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans; Cardiovascular disease kills nearly as many Americans each year as the next seven leading causes of death combined. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease and most of its associated risk factors is markedly higher and increasing more rapidly among African Americans than in any other racial or ethnic group. Improving these statistics may be simply a matter of improving diet quality. In recent years, a-substantial and growing body of evidence has revealed that dietary patterns complete in all food groups, including nutrient-rich dairy products, are essential for preventing and reducing cardiovascular disease and the conditions that contribute to it. Several cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, insulin resistance syndrome, and obesity, have been shown to be positively influenced by dietary patterns that include adequate intake of dairy products. The benefits of nutrient-rich dietary patterns have been specifically tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations. These studies demonstrated proportionally greater benefits for African Americans without evidence of adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose intolerance. As currently promoted for the prevention of certain cancers and osteopprosis, regular consumption of diets that meet recommended nutrient intake levels might also be the most effective approach for reducing cardiovascular disease risk in African Americans.
Effects of temperature-humidity index and chromium supplementation on antioxidant capacity, heat shock protein 72, and cytokine responses of lactating cows; Heat stress adversely affects the productivity and immune status of dairy cows. The temperature-humidity index (THI) is commonly used to indicate the degree of heat stress on dairy cattle. We investigated the effects of different THI and Cr supplementation on the antioxidant capacity, the levels of heat shock protein 72 (Hsp72), and cytokine responses of lactating cows. The study used a total of 24 clinically healthy uniparous mid-lactation Holstein cows, which were randomly divided into 2 groups (n = 12 per group), and was conducted in 3 designated THI periods: low THI period (LTHI; THI = 56.4 +/- 2.5), moderate THI period (MTHI; THI = 73.9 +/- 1.7),and high THI period (HTHI; THI = 80.3 +/- 1.0). The 2 groups of cows were fed corn and corn silage based basal diet supplemented chromium picolinate to provide 3.5 mg of Cr/cow daily (Cr+) or basal diet with no Cr (Cr-). The experiment was a 3 x 2 factorial design. The numbers of leukocytes (P < 0.05) and serum levels of glucose (P < 0.001) were lower; however, the serum levels of blood urea nitrogen (BUN; P < 0.001) and creatinine (P < 0.001) were greater in the MTHI and HTHI than in LTHI. The total antioxidant capacity in the serum was unaltered; an increase in superoxide dismutase activity (P < 0.001) and in serum malondialdehyde concentration (P < 0.001) was observed in the MTHI and HTHI compared with the LTHI. The high THI led to increases in serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha; P < 0.001) and IL-10 (P < 0.05). Cows supplemented with Cr had lower (P = 0.009) serum concentrations of cholesterol but greater (P < 0.001, respectively) serum levels of Hsp72 and IL-10 compared with those without Cr supplementation in the HTHI. Western blot analysis revealed that cows supplemented with Cr had greater (P = 0.038) expression of the inhibitor of nuclear factor kappa B alpha (I kappa B alpha) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) compared with those without Cr supplementation in the HTHI, whereas the expression of Hsp72 in PBMC was unaltered. Data indicate that there is a decrease in glucose and increases in BUN and creatinine in the serum of mid-lactation cows under hot conditions during the summer and that these cows have a lowered oxidative capacity but an elevated antioxidant capacity. In addition, Cr may play an anti-inflammatory role in lactating cows by promoting the release of Hsp72, increasing the production of IL-10, and inhibiting the degradation of I kappa B alpha under hot conditions during the summer.
Calcium supplements and cancer risk: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Some evidence suggests that Ca and vitamin D supplements affect cancer risk; however, it is uncertain whether the effects are due to Ca, vitamin D or the combination. We investigated the effect of Ca supplements without co-administered vitamin D on cancer risk. Medline, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, reference lists of meta-analyses and two clinical trial registries were searched for randomised, placebo-controlled trials of Ca supplements (>= 500 mg/d), with >= 100 participants and duration.1 year. The lead authors of eligible trials supplied data on cancer outcomes. Trial-level data were analysed using random-effects meta-analyses and patient-level data using Cox proportional hazards models. A total of sixteen trials were eligible, six had no data available, ten provided trial-level data (n 10 496, mean duration 3.9 years), and of these, four provided patient-level data (n 7221, median duration 3.5 years). In the meta-analysis of trial-level data, allocation to Ca did not alter the risk of total cancer (relative risk 0.95, 95% CI 0.76, 1.18, P=0.63), colorectal cancer (relative risk 1.38, 95% CI 0.89, 2.15, P=0.15), breast cancer (relative risk 1.01, 95% CI 0.64, 1.59, P=0.97) or cancer-related mortality (relative risk 0.96, 95% CI 0.74, 124, P=075), but reduced the risk of prostate cancer (relative risk 0.54, 95% CI 0.30, 0.96, P=0.03), although there were few events. The meta-analysis of patient-level data showed similar results, with no effect of Ca on the risk of total cancer (hazard ratio 1.07, 95% CI 0.89, 1.28, P=0.50). Ca supplements without co-administered vitamin D did not alter total cancer risk over 4 years, although the meta-analysis lacked power to detect very small effects, or those with a longer latency.
Effectiveness of Oral Nutritional Supplementation for Older Women after a Fracture: Rationale, Design and Study of the Feasibility of a Randomized Controlled Study; Background: Malnutrition is a problem for many older people recovering from a hip and other major fractures. Oral supplementation with high calorie high protein nutrients is a simple intervention that may help older people with fractures to improve their recovery in terms of rehabilitation time, length of hospital stay and mortality. This paper reports a pilot study to test the feasibility of a trial initiated in a hospital setting with an oral supplement to older people with recent fractures.
Nonparametric methods for incorporating genomic information into genetic evaluations:: An application to mortality in broilers; Four approaches rising single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) information (F-infinity-metric model, kernel regression, reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces (RKHS) regression, and a Bayesian regression) were compared with a standard procedure of genetic evaluation (E-BLUP) of sires using mortality rates in broilers as a response variable, working in a Bayesian framework. Late mortality (14-42 days of age) records on 12,167 progeny of 200 sires were precorrected for fixed and random (nongenctic) effects used in the model for genetic evaluation and for the mate effect. The average of the corrected records was computed for each sire. Twenly-four SNPs seemingly associated with late mortality were included in three methods used for genomic assisted evaluations. One thousand SNPs were included in the Bayesian regression, to account for markers along the whole genome. The posterior mean of heritability of mortality was 0.02 in the E-BLUP approach, Suggesting that genetic evaluation could be improved if suitable molecular markers were available. Estimates of posterior means and standard deviations of the residual variance were 24.38 (3.88), 29.97 (3.22), 17.07 (3.02), and 20.74 (2.87) for E-BLUP, the linear model on SNPs, RKHS regression, and the Bayesian regression, respectively, suggesting that RKHS accounted for more variance in the data. The two nonparametric methods (kernel and RKHS regression) fitted the data better, having a lower residual sum of squares. Predictive ability, assessed by cross-validation, indicated advantages of the RKHS approach, where accuracy was increased from 25 to 150%, relative to other methods.
A review of the current status of topical treatments for premature ejaculation; The three mini-reviews this month cover several areas of interest, including premature ejaculation, urological malignancies after renal transplantation and the much-vexed issue of the relevance of prostate size to prostate disease. Each of these should help to keep the readers up-to-date with each of these important topics.
Vitamin D ointment for prevention of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients; Radiation dermatitis occurs frequently during adjuvant radiation therapy for breast cancer. Prevention of radiation dermatitis by applying various creams and ointments has a limited success, and Aqua cream which has urea as one of its active ingredients is used in many institutions as a preventive treatment. The primary goal of this study is to assess the effect of vitamin D (calcipotriol) ointment in prevention of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients compared to Aqua cream. Twenty-three women with localized breast cancer who underwent breast-conserving surgery and opted to receive adjuvant radiotherapy to breast only were enrolled in this study. A cream containing an active vitamin D analog, calcipotriol (Daivonex), was randomly applied either to the medial or to the lateral half of the irradiated breast, while Aqua cream was applied to the complimentary half of the same breast along the whole treatment days, each day, after the delivery of radiation. Skin reaction was recorded and compared between the two halves of the breast. Vitamin D was well tolerated by patients with no local or systemic allergic reactions. Radiation dermatitis was not significantly different between both treatment arms. Topical vitamin D ointment is not superior to Aqua cream for prevention of radiation-induced dermatitis in women treated with adjuvant radiation for breast cancer.
Increasing selenium supply during the close-up dry period improves nutrient metabolism and attenuates inflammatory response after calving in dairy cows; The objective of this study was to investigate whether feeding selenium (Se)-replete cows a Se-yeast supplement in late pregnancy affects nutrient metabolism and inflammatory response during the periparturient period. Twenty cows were randomly assigned to two groups with 10 cows each. Cows in one group received Se-yeast at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM during the last 4 weeks before calving in addition to fed a TMR containing supplemented sodium selenite at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM (Se-yeast), while cows in another group were only fed a TMR containing supplemented sodium selenite at 0.3 mg Se/kg DM (Control). Blood samples were collected and analyzed for nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), glucose, insulin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, serum amyloid A (SAA), haptoglobin (Hp), and albumin. In control cows, plasma NEFA, IL-1 beta, IL-6, SAA, and Hp levels increased after calving, but glucose, insulin, and albumin levels decreased after parturition. Se-yeast supplemental cows had lower postpartum concentrations of NEFA, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, SAA, and Hp, and higher postpartum levels of glucose, insulin, and albumin compared with control cows. The results indicate that feeding Se-replete cows a Se-yeast supplement in late pregnancy improves nutrient metabolism and attenuates the inflammatory response after calving.
Administration of a Multi-Strain Probiotic Product to Women in the Perinatal Period Differentially Affects the Breast Milk Cytokine Profile and May Have Beneficial Effects on Neonatal Gastrointestinal Functional Symptoms. A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Probiotic supplementation to women during pregnancy and lactation can modulate breast milk composition, with immune benefits being transferred to their infants. Aim: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose probiotic supplementation to women during late pregnancy and lactation on cytokine profile and secretory IgA (sIgA) in breast milk and thus to study if differences in breast milk composition can affect lactoferrin and sIgA levels in stool samples of newborns. The safety of maternal probiotic administration on neonatal growth pattern and gastrointestinal symptoms were also evaluated. Methods: In a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial, 66 women took either the probiotic (n = 33) or a placebo (n = 33) daily. Levels of interleukins (IL-6, IL-10 and IL-1 beta), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), and sIgA in breast milk; and the level of sIgA and lactoferrin in newborn stool samples were analyzed at birth and then again at one month of life. Antropometrical evaluation and analysis of gastrointestinal events in newborns was also performed. Results: Probiotic maternal consumption had a significant impact on IL6 mean values in colostrum and on IL10 and TGF-beta 1 mean values in mature breast milk. Fecal sIgA mean values were higher in newborns whose mothers took the probiotic product than in the control group. Probiotic maternal supplementation seems to decrease incidence of infantile colic and regurgitation in infants. Conclusion: High-dose multi-strain probiotic administration to women during pregnancy influences breast milk cytokines pattern and sIgA production in newborns, and seems to improve gastrointestinal functional symptoms in infants.
Topical silymarin administration for prevention of acute radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial; Radiation-induced dermatitis is one of the most common side effects of radiotherapy. Silymarin, a flavonoid extracted from the Silybum marianum, exhibits antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities. The purpose of this study was to investigate the efficacy of silymarin gel in prevention of radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer. During this randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, the preventive effect of silymarin 1% gel was assessed in comparison with placebo, on radiodermatitis occurrence. Forty patients randomly received silymarin gel or placebo formulation on chest wall skin following modified radical mastectomy, once daily starting at the first day of radiotherapy for 5 weeks. Radiodermatitis severity was assessed weekly based on Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and National Cancer Institute Common Terminology for Adverse Events (NCI-CTCAE) criteria radiodermatits grading scale for 5 weeks. The median NCI-CTCAE and RTOG scores were significantly lower in silymarin group at the end of the third to fifth weeks (p value < 0.05). The scores increased significantly in both placebo and silymarin groups during radiotherapy, but there was a delay in radiodermatitis development and progression in silymarin group. Prophylactic administration of silymarin gel could significantly reduce the severity of radiodermatitis and delay its occurrence after 5 weeks of application.
A systematic review of observational management of cutaneous basal cell carcinoma; Background: Cutaneous basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the commonest cancer in the United Kingdom and United States. Surgical excision is the most common treatment. This review summarises all published outcomes of observational/non-interventional management of cutaneous BCC.
A short-term intervention trial with selenate, selenium-enriched yeast and selenium-enriched milk:: effects on oxidative defence regulation; Increased Se intakes have been associated with decreased risk of cancer and CVD. Several mechanisms have been proposed, including antioxidant effects through selenoproteins, induction of carcinogen metabolism and effects on the blood lipid profile. In a 4 x 1 week randomised, double-blind cross-over study, healthy young men supplemented their usual diet with selenate, Se-enriched yeast, Se-enriched milk or placebo (Se dose was 300 mu g/d for selenate and Se-enriched yeast, and about 480 mu g/d for Se-enriched milk) followed by 8-week washout periods. All Se sources increased serum Se levels after supplementation for 1 week. The effect of the organic forms did not differ significantly and both increased serum Se more than selenate. Conversely, thrombocyte glutathione peroxidase (GPX) was increased in the periods where subjects were supplemented with selenate but not in those where they were given Se-enriched yeast or Se-enriched milk. We found no effect on plasma lipid resistance to oxidation, total cholesterol, TAG, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, GPX, glutathione reductase (GR) and glutathione S-transferase (GST) activities measured in erythrocytes, GPX and GR activities determined in plasma, or GR and GST activities in thrombocytes. Leucocyte expression of genes encoding selenoproteins (GPX1, TrR1 and SelP), and of electrophile response element-regulated genes (GCLC, Fra1 and NQO1) were likewise unaffected at all time points following intervention. We conclude that thrombocyte GPX is specifically increased by short-term selenate supplementation, but not by short-term supplementation with organic Se. Short-term Se supplementation does not seem to affect blood lipid markers or expression and activity of selected enzymes and a transcription factor involved in glutathione-mediated detoxification and antioxidation.
Saturated Fats and Health: A Reassessment and Proposal for Food-Based Recommendations <i>JACC</i> State-of-the-Art Review; The recommendation to limit dietary saturated fatty acid (SFA) intake has persisted despite mounting evidence to the contrary. Most recent meta-analyses of randomized trials and observational studies found no beneficial effects of reducing SFA intake on cardiovascular disease (CVD) and total mortality, and instead found protective effects against stroke. Although SFAs increase low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, in most individuals, this is not due to increasing levels of small, dense LDL particles, but rather larger LDL particles, which are much less strongly related to CVD risk. It is also apparent that the health effects of foods cannot be predicted by their content in any nutrient group without considering the overall macronutrient distribution. Whole-fat dairy, unprocessed meat, and dark chocolate are SFA-rich foods with a complex matrix that are not associated with increased risk of CVD. The totality of available evidence does not support further limiting the intake of such foods. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
The Effect of Diet and Feeding Level on Survival and Weight Gain of Hand-Raised Harbor Seal Pups (<i>Phoca vitulina</i>); Hundreds of stranded harbor seals pups (Phoca vitulina) are brought to wildlife rescue centers every year. Typical hand-rearing diets include artificial milk-replacers and diets based on macerated fish fed via gavage, but weight gains are often low and mortality rates can be high. This study compared survival and weight gain of orphaned seal pups fed either artificial milk-replacer or fish-formula. Pups admitted to the facility in summer 2007 (n = 145) and 2008 (n = 98) were randomly assigned to one of two diets and fed by gavage until weaning. In 2007, pups fed milk-replacer gained more (43 +/- 12 g/d) than those fed fish-formula (loss of 13 +/- 6g/d; P < 0.002). In 2008, when intake was increased from 8 to 11% of body weight daily, weight gain improved for both diets but remained higher in pups fed milk-replacer (123 +/- 12 g/d, vs. loss of 6 +/- 8g/day; P < 0.001). Pup survival to weaning was significantly higher in 2008 than 2007 (P < 0.001) and was higher for pups on milk-replacer compared with those on fish-formula (P < 0.05). Survival was also correlated with body weight at admittance (P < 0.001). Although neither diet achieved the weight gains recorded in mother-raised pups (400-800 g/d), the artificial milk-replacer was clearly more successful, and pups fared better in the second year of the study when intake was higher. Zoo Biol 30:532-541, 2011. (C) 2010 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
A novel intervention combining supplementary food and infection control measures to improve birth outcomes in undernourished pregnant women in Sierra Leone: A randomized, controlled clinical effectiveness trial; Background
Histologic subtype of treatment failures after noninvasive therapy for superficial basal cell carcinoma: An observational study; Background: There have been concerns that recurrences after noninvasive therapy for basal cell carcinoma (BCC) transform into a "more aggressive'' histologic subtype.
Vaginal Estrogen for Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause <i>A Systematic Review</i>; OBJECTIVE:To comprehensively review and critically assess the literature on vaginal estrogen and its alternatives for women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause and to provide clinical practice guidelines.DATA SOURCES:MEDLINE and Cochrane databases were searched from inception to April 2013. We included randomized controlled trials and prospective comparative studies. Interventions and comparators included all commercially available vaginal estrogen products. Placebo, no treatment, systemic estrogen (all routes), and nonhormonal moisturizers and lubricants were included as comparators.METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION:We double-screened 1,805 abstracts, identifying 44 eligible studies. Discrepancies were adjudicated by a third reviewer. Studies were individually and collectively assessed for methodologic quality and strength of evidence.TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS:Studies were extracted for participant, intervention, comparator, and outcomes data, including patient-reported atrophy symptoms (eg, vaginal dryness, dyspareunia, dysuria, urgency, frequency, recurrent urinary tract infection (UTI), and urinary incontinence), objective signs of atrophy, urodynamic measures, endometrial effects, serum estradiol changes, and adverse events. Compared with placebo, vaginal estrogens improved dryness, dyspareunia, urinary urgency, frequency, and stress urinary incontinence (SUI) and urgency urinary incontinence (UUI). Urinary tract infection rates decreased. The various estrogen preparations had similar efficacy and safety; serum estradiol levels remained within postmenopausal norms for all except high-dose conjugated equine estrogen cream. Endometrial hyperplasia and adenocarcinoma were extremely rare among those receiving vaginal estrogen. Comparing vaginal estrogen with nonhormonal moisturizers, patients with two or more symptoms of vulvovaginal atrophy were substantially more improved using vaginal estrogens, but those with one or minor complaints had similar symptom resolution with either estrogen or nonhormonal moisturizer.CONCLUSION:All commercially available vaginal estrogens effectively relieve common vulvovaginal atrophy-related complaints and have additional utility in patients with urinary urgency, frequency or nocturia, SUI and UUI, and recurrent UTIs. Nonhormonal moisturizers are a beneficial alternative for those with few or minor atrophy-related symptoms and in patients at risk for estrogen-related neoplasia.CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION:PROSPERO International prospective register of systematic reviews, http://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, CRD42013006656.
Effects of negative pressure and directed ducted cooling systems on the performance of lactating sows; The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effects of cooling systems by negative pressure versus directed ducts on the performance of lactating sows and their litter. The experiment was conducted in a tropical climatic region in Brazil. Ninety-four lactating sows during 26.2 +/- 1.7 days of lactation were included with their 1,236 piglets. Sows were distributed using a completely randomized block design into two treatments: a negative pressure cooling (NPC) system and a directed duct cooling (DDC) system. We adopted sow parity as blocking criterion. During the experimental period, environmental temperatures inside the farrowing rooms were 22.9 +/- 1.5 and 25.4 +/- 2.5 degrees C, respectively, using the NPC and DDC systems. Sow daily feed intake, litter weight at weaning, piglet weight at weaning, litter daily weight gain, piglet daily gain, and daily milk production per sow were greater in the NPC system than in the DDC system. The type of cooling system did not affect piglet weight after standardization, mortality, number of piglets weaned per sow, and estrus return. The use of an NPC system can reduce the effects of higher environmental temperatures better than the DDC system. The NPC system allowed for greater feed intake, piglet and litter weight gain, weight of piglets and litter at weaning, and milk production compared with the DDC system.
Diet and lifestyle considerations for patients with prostate cancer; Purpose: To review the literature and provide recommendations on diet and lifestyle considerations in patients with prostate cancer using evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with additional considerations based on observational evidence. Materials and methods: We initiated our search on ClinicalTrials.gov combining the term "prostate cancer" with a variety of diet and lifestyle factors. We then supplemented our summary of publications from registered trials by including other publications available on Pubmed. Results: There is a well-established benefit of exercise for improving functional outcomes and pelvic floor muscle training for improving treatment-related adverse effects. Multimodality interventions that integrate several factors (e.g., low-saturated fat, plant-based, whole-food diets with exercise, and stress reduction) appear to have the most clinically significant benefit for patients with prostate cancer. Ongoing multimodality interventions are including the efficacy of implementation strategies as observed outcomes. Limited RCT evidence suggests a clinically significant benefit for guided imagery/progressive muscle relaxation, Pilates, and lycopene-rich diets and a modest benefit for green tea, qigong, massage, and avoidance of nonprescribed vitamin and mineral supplements. Observational and single arm trial evidence indicates a need for further exploration of acupuncture, coffee, cruciferous vegetables, fish, Larrea tridentata, mushrooms, and vegetable-derived fats and avoidance of eggs, dairy, poultry with skin, processed red meat, and saturated fat. Published trials suggest no benefit from hypnosis, milk thistle, pomegranate, soy, or omega-3 fatty acid supplementation. Conclusions: Our search demonstrated that most diet and lifestyle factors identified from observational studies have limited data from RCTs. Few items have shown early evidence of benefit. The best recommendation for patients with prostate cancer is to form a habit of wellness through healthy eating, aerobic and resistance exercise, and psychological well-being. Future trial development should consider how interventions can be implemented into real world practice. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Calf birth weight, gestation length, calving ease, and neonatal calf mortality in Holstein, Jersey, and crossbred cows in a pasture system; Holstein (HH), Jersey (JJ), and crosses of these breeds were mated to HH or JJ bulls to form pure-breds, reciprocal crosses, backcrosses, and other crosses in a rotational mating system. The herd was located at the Center for Environmental Farming Systems in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Data for calf birth weight (CBW), calving ease (0 for unassisted, n = 1,135, and 1 for assisted, n = 96), and neonatal calf mortality (0 for alive, n = 1,150, and 1 for abortions recorded after mid-gestation, stillborn, and dead within 48 h, n = 81) of calves (n = 1,231) were recorded over 9 calving seasons from 2003 through 2011. Gestation length (GL) was calculated as the number of days from last insemination to calving. Linear mixed models for CBW and GL included fixed effects of sex, parity (first vs. later parities), twin status, and 6 genetic groups: HH, JJ, reciprocal F-1 crosses (HJ, JH), crosses >50% Holsteins (HX) and crosses >50% Jerseys (JX), where sire breed is listed first. The CBW model also included GL as a covariate. Logistic regression for calving ease and neonatal calf mortality included fixed effects of sex, parity, and genetic group. Genetic groups were replaced by linear regression using percentage of HH genes as coefficients on the above models and included as covariates to determine various genetic effects. Year and dam were included as random effects in all models. Female calves (27.57 +/- 0.54 kg), twins (26.39 +/- 1.0 kg), and calves born to first-parity cows (27.67 +/- 0.56 kg) had lower CBW than respective male calves (29.53 +/- 0.53 kg), single births (30.71 +/- 0.19 kg), or calves born to multiparous cows (29.43 +/- 0.52 kg). Differences in genetic groups were observed for CBW and GL. Increased HH percentage in the calf increased CBW (+9.3 +/- 0.57 kg for HH vs. JJ calves), and increased HH percentage in the darns increased CBW (+1.71 +/- 0.53 kg for calves from HH dams vs. JJ dams); JH calves weighed 1.33 kg more than reciprocal HJ calves. Shorter GL was observed for twin births (272.6 +/- 1.1 d), female calves (273.9 +/- 0.6 d), and for first-parity dams (273.8 +/- 0.6 d). Direct genetic effects of HH alleles shortened GL (-3.5 +/- 0.7 d), whereas maternal HH alleles increased GL (2.7 +/- 0.6 d). Female calves had lower odds ratio (0.32, confidence interval = 0.10-0.99) for neonatal calf mortality in second and later parities than did male calves. Maternal heterosis in crossbred primiparous dams was associated with reduced calf mortality.
Nutraceutical effect of vitamins and minerals on performance and immune and antioxidant systems in dairy calves during the nutritional transition period in summer; We aimed to determine whether the use of injectable vitamins and minerals improves growth performance and immune and antioxidant responses in dairy calves during pre- and post-weaning period in summer. Twenty dairy calves (45 days of age) were randomized to two groups (10 each): control group (CON) and treated group [TREAT; injection providing 0.20, 0.80, 0.20, 0.10, 35 and 1 mg/kg of copper, zinc, manganese selenium, and vitamins A and E, during two periods (15 days pre- and 15 days post-weaning)]. The animals were weighed and blood samples were collected on days 1, 15, 30 and 45 of the study. Levels of serum copper, selenium, zinc, and manganese were measured on day 1; and the results showed that calves were not deficient in these minerals. The TREAT group had greater BW gain during the final third of the experiment. There was an increase in total leukocyte numbers as a result of elevation in neutrophil counts (day 45) and monocytes (days 30 and 45) in the TREAT group. This group also had lower reactive oxygen species (ROS) content (days 15, 30 and 45) and lipid peroxidation (LPO; days 15 and 45). Furthermore, the TREAT group had greater antioxidant capacity against peroxyl radicals (ACAP; days 15 and 30), activities of the enzymes glutathione peroxidase (GPx; days 15, 30 and 45) and superoxide dismutase (SOD; day 15), concentrations of total serum proteins (day 30), serum globulin (days 15 and 30), ceruloplasmin (day 15), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1, (IL-1; days 30 and 45) and interferon gamma (IFN gamma; day 45), compared to CON group. High respiratory rates during hot times of the day in all study calves was suggestive of heat stress. Taken together, the data suggest that mineral and vitamins injections increased the growth performance and boosted the antioxidant and immunological systems of dairy calves during the diet transition period in summer.
Effect of <i>Yucca Schidigera</i> inclusion in milk replacer for veal calves on health status, antimicrobial use and growth performance; Antimicrobial resistance is a global health problem. White veal calves face many challenges during the first period of life which, in combination with their immature physiological systems, may explain their high susceptibility to infections and increased use of antibiotics, mainly in the form of mass preventive treatments. The use of antibiotic alternatives, such as natural extracts, to improve calf immune function is gaining interest in rearing white veal calves. This study evaluates the effect Yucca Schidigera inclusion in veal calf 's milk replacer on immune functionality and growth performances.
MANGANESE IN THE NUTRITION OF YOUNG DAIRY CATTLE FED DIFFERENT LEVELS OF CALCIUM AND PHOSPHORUS; In a study of Mn in ruminant nutrition 15 calves were assigned at random to the following diets: (1) basal (Mn content less than 1 ppm); (2) basal + Mn (50 ppm); (3) basal + 3 to 5% Ca(H2PO4)2-H2O; (4) basal + a combination of the supplements in 2 and 3; and, (5) conventional type (control). Growth rate and serum Mg levels of the control group were greater than for calves fed other diets. Supplemental Mn did not affect (P < 0.05) the levels of Ca and inorganic P and the activity of alkaline phosphatase in blood serum. Conversely, supplemental Mn partially counteracted the deleterious effects of Ca(H2PO4)2-H2O on gain during the latter part of the study, depressed serum Mg, increased blood levels of Mn and increased the life span, which was decreased by Ca(H2PO4)2-H2O. The effect of supplemental Mn on serum Mg levels was greatest on blood Mn levels, was least in the presence of supplemental Ca(H2PO4)2-H2O. Mortality among calves fed diets 1, 2, 3 and 4 was 100%. Postmortem examinations revealed calcified deposits in the cardiovascular or pulmonary system of all calves fed diets 2, 3 and 4, but none in calves fed diets 1 and 5. Uncomplicated Mn deficiency was not demonstrated in the calves, but the need for dietary Mn apparently is extremely low and is increased by supplemental Ca and P.
Effect of Oropharyngeal Administration of Colostrum in Premature Newborns=32 Weeks of Gestation on the Immune Response and Neonatal Morbidity: A Double-Blind Randomized Clinical Trial; Introduction: The mother's colostrum carries immunological components, such as cytokines and immunoglobulins (Igs), derived from the maternal circulation with bacteriostatic properties. Objective: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of oropharyngeal administration of colostrum (OPAC) vs. placebo in the first 4 days of life in premature newborns <= 32 weeks of gestation on serum Ig concentration, neonatal morbidity, and total days of hospitalization. Hypothesis: The OPAC increases serum Igs and decreases morbidity and total days of hospitalization. Materials and Methods: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was carried out. Participants were randomly assigned to one of the two groups, namely, group 1: placebo (P) (n = 50) and group 2: colostrum (C) (n = 46). A blood sample was obtained at baseline and 7 and 28 days of life to quantify immunoglobulin G (IgG), immunoglobulin A (IgA), and IgM. Results: The C group showed an increase in serum IgA on day 28 expressed as median and [interquartile range]; C: 25 [12-35] vs. P: 11 [8-18], p < 0.001. There were no significant differences in neonatal morbidity. Newborns in the colostrum group showed the completed enteral feeding earlier (days), C: 13.9 +/- 7 vs. P: 17.4 +/- 8.4, p < 0.04; they reached the birth weight earlier, C: 10.9 +/- 2.8 vs. P: 12.9 +/- 4, p < 0.01, and had less days of hospitalization, C: 60.2 +/- 33.8 vs. P: 77.2 +/-; 47.3, p < 0.04. Neonatal mortality was lower in the colostrum group than the placebo group 0% vs. 12%, respectively, without a statistical difference (p = 0.06). Conclusion: In premature newborns <= 32 weeks of gestation, the OPAC within 4 days after birth increases serum IgA concentration at day 28 compared to placebo. Similarly, OPAC decreased the days to complete enteral feeding and reach the birth weight and total days of hospitalization.
Quality-of-life outcomes following topical melatonin application against acute radiation dermatitis in patients with early breast cancer: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial; The aim of this double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized study was to investigate whether topical melatonin administered during radiation therapy could increase the quality of life in patients with primary breast cancer. Patients were followed from the first radiation fraction until 3 weeks after the last. The patients applied 1 g of cream to the irradiated area of the skin twice daily, consisting of either 25 mg/g melatonin and 150 mg/g dimethyl sulfoxide, or a placebo cream. Outcomes were the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer's quality-of-life questionnaires for breast cancer (QLQ-C30 and QLQ-BR23) on the last day of radiation therapy. As a secondary outcome, we evaluated the breast symptom (BS) scores over the entire duration of the trial in a repeated measures linear model. We included 65 patients and had 17 drop-outs, thus totaling 26 and 22 patients in the melatonin and placebo groups, respectively. BS scores on the last day of radiation did not differ between groups (p = .333). However, the linear model analyzing BS for the entire duration showed that melatonin significantly decreased the symptoms (p = .001). There was no difference in the BS score on the last day of radiation, however, we found that the patients in the melatonin group had significantly lower BS scores over the entire duration of the trial.
Effects of 12 weeks of treatment with fermented milk on blood pressure, glucose metabolism and markers of cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled study; Objective: Studies have indicated a blood pressure (BP)-lowering effect of milk-derived peptides in non-diabetic individuals, but the cardiometabolic effects of such peptides in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are not known. We investigated the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus helveticus on BP, glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D.
GENETIC-ANALYSIS OF DYSTOCIA AND CALF MORTALITY IN ISRAELI HOLSTEINS BY THRESHOLD AND LINEAR-MODELS; Calvings of 106,751 Israeli Holstein heifers were analyzed for dystocia and calf mortality, scored dichotomously, and a composite trait, scored trichotomously. Dystocia was also studied with 146,973 second and third parity records. Models fitted included herd-year-season, sex of calf, calving age, claving month, sire of cow and of calf. Herd-year-season, sire of cow and cald, and residuals were random with diagonal variance-covariance matrices. Herd-year-season variance was assumed to be 10% of the residual component. Other variance components were estimated by REML for linear models and by the conterpart of RELM for threshold models. Heritability estimates were two to five times greater in threshold than in linear models, but correlations between corresponding sire evaluations were all >.9. Linear model sire evaluations were skewed positively, whereas threshold model evaluations had symmetrical distributions. Heritability for dystocia was greater in first than in later parities. Correlations between first and later parity siere evaluations were <.5. Thus, the genetic control of dystocia seems to be different for heifers and cows. Correlations between sire of cow and calf evaluations were <.3. Correlations between dystocia and calf mortality evaluations were about .7.
Diagnosis and treatment of basal cell carcinoma: European consensus-based interdisciplinary guidelines; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common malignant tumour in white populations. Multidisciplinary experts from the European Dermatology Forum, the European Association of Dermato-Oncology and the European Organization of Research and Treatment of Cancer collaborated to develop recommendations on diagnosis and treatment of BCC. A new classification into 'easy-to-treat (common) BCC and 'difficult-to-treat' BCC is proposed. Diagnosis is based on clinicodermatoscopic features for 'easy-to-treat' BCCs. Histopathological confirmation is mandatory in ambiguous lesions and in BCCs located in high-risk areas. The first-line treatment of 'easy-to-treat' BCC is complete surgery. Microscopically controlled surgery shall be offered for high-risk BCC, recurrent BCC and BCC in critical anatomical sites. Topical therapies (5% imiquimod, 5% fluorouracil) and destructive approaches (curettage, electrocautery, cryotherapy, laser ablation) should be considered in patients with low-risk superficial BCC. Photodynamic therapy is an effective treatment for superficial BCC and thin nodular BCC. The therapy for a 'difficult-to-treat' BCC should preferentially be discussed by a multidisciplinary tumour board. Hedgehog inhibitors, vismodegib or sonidegib, should be offered to patients with locally advanced and metastatic BCCs. Immunotherapy with anti-programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) antibodies is a promising therapeutic option, currently being investigated in clinical trials. Radiotherapy represents a valid alternative to surgery for BCC on the face, especially in elderly patients. In patients with naevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (NBCCS), close surveillance and regular skin examinations are required to diagnose and treat BCCs at early stage. Long-term follow-up is recommended in patients with high-risk BCC subtypes, high-risk sites, multiple BCCs and NBCCS. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Inducing Ovulation with hCG Improves Fertility Outcomes of Co-Dominant Follicle Drainage to Avoid Twin Pregnancy in Dairy Cows; Simple Summary
Educational variations in the consumption of foods containing fat in Finland and the Baltic countries; Objective: To examine educational differences among people who consume foods containing fat in Finland and the Baltic countries.
Evolution of Serum 25OHD in Response to Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>-Fortified Yogurts Consumed by Healthy Menopausal Women: A 6-Month Randomized Controlled Trial Assessing the Interactions between Doses, Baseline Vitamin D Status, and Seasonality; Background: Adequate vitamin D status contributes to bone fragility risk reduction and possibly other pathological conditions that occur with aging. In response to pharmaceutical vitamin D-3 supplements, several studies have documented the influence of doses, baseline status, and seasonality on serum 25-hydroyvitamin D (s25OHD).
Effects of Chicory and Fumitory on Hot Flashes Among Breast Cancer Survivors: A Randomized, Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objectives: Hot flashes are unpleasant long-term complications of breast cancer. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of a traditional Persian medicine containing extracts of Cichorium intybus L. (chicory) and Fumaria parviflora L. (Fumitory) extract syrup (CFS) compared with placebo when used as intended.Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.Setting/Location: The Oncology Ward of Shahid Modarres Hospital (Tehran, Iran).Subjects: Breast cancer survivors undergoing hormone deprivation therapy.Interventions: Patients were randomly allocated to receive 5 mL CFS or placebo syrup three times a day, for 4 weeks.Outcome measures: The co-primary outcomes were self-reported daily hot flashes frequency and severity scores assessed using self-reported daily dairies, including 1 week of baseline data.Results: Of the 148 patients screened, 137 were eligible, and 96 were randomly allocated to receive either CFS (n = 48) or placebo (n = 48). All participants who returned their dairies were compliant and analyzed as randomized in the a priori per-protocol analysis. After 4 weeks of treatment, both the mean daily hot flashes frequency and severity score had reduced by 57% in the CFS group and 10% in the placebo group. The overall weekly mean daily hot flashes frequency (effect size eta(2)(p) 0.221, p < 0.001, n = 66) and severity scores (effect size eta(2)(p) 0.160, p = 0.001, n = 66) were significantly lower in the CFS group compared with the placebo group (one-within one-between repeated-measures analysis of variance adjusted for baseline). CFS was well tolerated, with similar proportions of serious and nonserious adverse events occurring in both groups.Conclusions: This is the first study to report the effects of chicory or fumitory for the treatment of hot flashes. The findings provide preliminary evidence that CFS can improve hot flashes in breast cancer survivors undergoing hormone deprivation therapy. More research is warranted to confirm its effectiveness, safety, and mechanisms of action.IRCT20210226050506N1.
Habitual intake of lactic acid bacteria and risk reduction of bladder cancer; Introduction: A kind of lactic acid bacteria, Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, shows antitumor activity in experimental animals. One clinical trial using L. casei showed a significant decrease in the recurrence of superficial bladder cancer. So, to assess the preventive effect of the intake of L. casei, widely taken as fermented milk products in Japan, against bladder cancer, we conducted a case-control study. Methods: A total of 180 cases (mean age: 67 years, SID 10) were selected from 7 hospitals, and 445 population-based controls matched by gender and age were also selected. Interviewers asked them 81 items. The conditional logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (OR). Results: The OR of smoking was 1.61 (95% confidence interval: 1.10-2.36). Those of previous (10-15 years ago) intake of fermented milk products were 0.46 (0.27-0.79) for 1-2 times/week and 0.61 (0.38-0.99) for 3-4 or more times/week, respectively. Conclusion: It was strongly suggested that the habitual intake of lactic acid bacteria reduces the risk of bladder cancer. Copyright (C) 2002 S, Karger AG, Basel.
Effect of carbetocin administration during the mid-period of parturition on farrowing duration, newborn piglet characteristics, colostrum yield and milk yield in hyperprolific sows; Control of the farrowing process is crucial to reduce the risk of post-parturient disorders in sows and newborn piglet mortality. Carbetocin is a long-acting oxytocin-like compound that has been introduced to domestic animal obstetrics. The aims of the present study were to evaluate the effects of carbetocin administration during the mid-period of parturition on farrowing duration as well as colostrum and milk production and its side effects on neonatal piglet characteristics in hyperprolific sows. The study included 89 Landrace x Yorkshire crossbred sows and 1534 piglets. Sows were randomly distributed into two groups: CONTROL (n = 46), where sows were allowed to farrow naturally, and TREATMENT (n = 43), where sows were administered 0.5 mg/kg carbetocin intramuscularly after the birth of the 7th piglet. In each litter, the piglets were classified into two groups according to birth order: 1-7 and >= 8. The colostrum yield of sows and the colostrum intake of each individual piglet were calculated. Litter weight gain of the piglets from 3 to 5 days of lactation was used to estimate milk yield. Farrowing duration tended to be reduced from 338.4 +/- 35.2 min in the CONTROL group to 255.3 +/- 36.4 min in the TREATMENT group (P = 0.105). However, the colostrum yield in the TREATMENT group was lower than that in the CONTROL group (3828 +/- 149 and 3041 +/- 158 g, respectively, P < 0.001). Nevertheless, milk yield during 3-5 days of lactation in the TREATMENT group did not differ significantly compared to that in the CONTROL group (7.53 +/- 0.01 and 7.54 +/- 0.01 kg/day, respectively, P = 0.643). The incidence of stillbirths in the TREATMENT group was not significantly different from that in the CONTROL group (8.3 and 7.4%, respectively, P = 0.944). However, the incidence of piglets born with umbilical cord rupture in the TREATMENT group with birth order >= 8 was higher than that in the CONTROL group in the same birth order (16.6 and 5.7%, P < 0.001). Across groups, colostrum intake of piglets born with birth order >= 8 was lower than that of piglets born in the birth orders 1-7 (187.4 +/- 8.7 and 241.5 +/- 9.0 g, P < 0.001). Interestingly, the colostrum intake of piglets with birth orders 1-7 in the TREATMENT group was also lower than that of piglets with the same birth order in the CONTROL group (214.9 +/- 12.9 and 268.1 +/- 12.5 g, respectively, P = 0.003). Colostrum intake was lowest in the piglets with birth order >= 8 in the TREATMENT group (159.6 +/- 12.3, P < 0.001). Carbetocin administration after the birth of the 7th piglet reduced the birth interval of piglets but increased the incidence of piglets born with umbilical rupture and reduced colostrum intake. Therefore, colostrum supplementation and care of the newborn piglets immediately after birth are strongly recommended after carbetocin administration. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of mycoplasma udder infection in cattle with Enrofloxacin (Baytril®); In a large cow stock with serious damage caused by udder infections with staphylococci, streptococci and Mycoplasma californicum the treatment of the mycoplasma infection with Enrofloxacin was carried out as a trial. A three times repeated dose of 5 mg/kg body weight Baytril((R)) 10% at daily interval all of 15 infected lactating cows could be healed bacteriologically and in 73% of them a clinical and functional healing was achieved. In six out of seven dry cows bacterial culture of milk samples was negative for mycoplasma. These results were verified by results at control animals with details about milk production as well as abortion/mortality and new infection rate.
Group housing of Holstein calves in a poor indoor environment increases respiratory disease but does not influence performance or leukocyte responses; The objective of the current study was to determine if group-housing Holstein heifer calves in indoor pens with poor ventilation and drainage influences performance, health, leukocytes, and behavioral responses compared with individually housed calves. Ninety colostrum-fed calves (2 +/- 1 d of age) were randomly assigned to 3 treatments: individually housed (Gl; n = 30 calves), 2 calves per pen (G2; n = 30 calves), or 3 calves per pen (G3; n = 30 calves). The space allowance per calf was 2.5 m(2) for all treatment groups. All calves were fed 747 and 1,010 g/d of dry matter of a 28% CP and 20% fat milk replacer during the first 2 wk and wk 3 to 6, respectively. Weaning was initiated on d 46 by removing the evening feeding, and calves were completely weaned when they consumed 800 g/d of dry matter calf starter for 2 consecutive days after d 54. Calves were randomly commingled at d 90 in groups of 5 calves per pen in outdoors pens with an attached hutch. Peripheral blood was collected during the neonatal (3, 10, 21 d), weaning (46, 48, 54 d), and commingling periods (90, 93, 98 d) and was analyzed for neutrophil oxidative burst capacity when cocultured with an Escherichia coli, neutrophil surface L-selectin protein concentration, and whole blood secretion of tumor necrosis factor-et when cocultured with lipopolysaccharide. Behavior of each calf was assessed using 2 independent tests: an approach response to a human subject and the response of the calf when placed in an isolated cage. Calf starter intake was greater for G2 and G3 during wk 8 and 9, and also at wk 11 for G3 compared with G1. No treatment x time interaction or treatment effect for average daily gain was observed. Additionally, no treatment x time or treatment effect was noted for any leukocyte or biochemical variable of biological significance throughout the entire study. Individually housed calves tended to have a reduced \\incidence of respiratory disease during the first 90 d of life. No other treatment differences for the other health outcomes were observed. Group-housed calves also relied more on calf-to-calf interactions than calf-to-human interactions, as evident by their reduced approach of the human observer and more frequent movement when placed in an isolated pen. Group housing in an environment with poor ventilation and drainage may increase the risk of respiratory disease.
The Efficacy of <i>Gynura pseudochina</i> <i>DC</i>. var. <i>hispida Thv</i>. Ointment in Treating Chronic Plaque Psoriasis: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: A recent study showed that Gynura pseudochina DC. var. hispida Thv. leaf extract (GP) can reduce the activation of the nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B) pathway and suppress the release of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor -alpha, which play an important role in the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
Perspective: Refined Grains and Health: Genuine Risk, or Guilt by Association?; Refined grain intake is widely assumed to be associated with adverse health outcomes, including increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and obesity. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee recommended that to improve dietary quality, the US population should replace most refined grains with whole grains. This recommendation was based largely on results from studies that examined dietary patterns, not separate food groups. A Western dietary pattern typically includes red and processed meat, sugar-sweetened foods and beverages, French fries, and high-fat dairy products, as well as refined grains, and has been linked to increased risk of many chronic diseases. However, when evaluated as a distinct food category, 11 meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which included a total of 32 publications with data from 24 distinct cohorts, demonstrated that refined grain intake was not associated with all-cause mortality, T2D, CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, hypertension, or cancer. By contrast, consumption of red and processed meat was consistently associated with increased risk of these same health outcomes. Refined grain consumption up to 6-7 servings/d (1 serving=30 g) was not associated with higher risk of CHD, T2D, hypertension, or all-cause mortality. Moreover, total grain intake was not associated with risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, or cancer, but was associated with lower risk of all-cause mortality. Consequently, the recommendation to reduce refined grain intake based on results from studies linking a Western dietary pattern to numerous adverse health outcomes is contrary to a substantial body of published scientific evidence. Future research needs to better define refined grain intake to distinguish between staple grain foods and indulgent grain foods, and to better design randomized controlled trials to resolve discrepancies between results from observational studies and such trials with regard to determining the benefits of whole grains compared with refined grains.
Use of a novel supplementary food and measures to control inflammation in malnourished pregnant women in Sierra Leone to improve birth outcomes: study protocol for a prospective, randomized, controlled clinical effectiveness trial; BackgroundThe negative synergy between poor nutritional status and infectious diseases is doubly detrimental in pregnancy. In Sierra Leone, maternal malnutrition is amongst the highest in the world, while maternal mortality is high at 1320/100,000 live births and stunting in under-five is 37.9%, ranked 110/132 worldwide. Maternal malnutrition has been associated with preterm birth, small-for-gestational age infants, and poor maternal outcomes. Infants born prematurely or small-for-gestational age experience higher mortality and are at risk for stunting and decreased cognitive performance. Nutritional interventions alone during pregnancy may not be as effective in the setting of increased inflammation from repeated infections. Interventions are needed to improve maternal outcomes and reduce stunting in this population.Methods/designThis will be a prospective, randomized, controlled clinical effectiveness trial of an improved supplementary food plus anti-infective therapies compared to standard therapy in malnourished pregnant women. Pregnant women will be randomized to receive a low water activity, ready-to-use supplementary food plus five anti-infective interventions or the standard of care which is 3.5 kg corn/ soy blended flour with 350 mL vegetable oil every two weeks. The five anti-infective interventions are 1) insecticide-treated mosquito net at the time of enrollment into the study, 2) sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine given every 4 weeks, beginning at enrollment or at 13 weeks' gestation, whichever is later, 3)azithromycin at a dose of 1 g given once at enrollment (after first trimester)and again during 28-34 weeks of gestation, 4)single dose 400 mg albendazole given in second trimester, and 5) testing and treatment for bacterial vaginosis at enrollment and again at 28-34 weeks of gestation. Treatment will be provided for the duration of the pregnancy. The primary outcome measure will be birth length. Secondary outcomes in the mothers will include rates of maternal weight gain and increase in mid-upper arm circumference, and time to maternal anthropometric recovery. Secondary outcomes in the infants will include birth weight, birth head circumference, and linear and ponderal growth.DiscussionMalnutrition remains a major problem in the developing world with lasting maternal and infant consequences. Maternal malnutrition has been associated with intrauterine growth retardation, low birth weight (LBW), pre-term delivery and poor cognitive development. Nutritional interventions alone have not been successful in reducing stunting. By bundling nutritional and anti-infective interventions, we aim to reduce intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight in moderately malnourished pregnant women in Sierra Leone. If successful, this bundle can easily be implemented by governments or non-governmental organizations.Trial registrationClinicaltrials.govNCT03079388; Date: March 5, 2017.
Milk thistle for alcoholic and/or hepatitis B or C liver diseases - A systematic cochrane hepato-biliary group review with meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials; OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to assess the beneficial and harmful effects of milk thistle (MT) or MT constituents versus placebo or no intervention in patients with alcoholic liver disease and/or hepatitis B and/or C liver diseases.
Impact of improved small-scale livestock farming on human nutrition; Micronutrient deficiencies and stunting rates are high in many low-income countries. Increasing and diversifying food intake are often challenging for small-scale farmers in lowland areas as flooding often results in crop losses and drowning of livestock. A cluster-randomised controlled trial was conducted over 12-months in Bangladesh, involving 150 small-scale duck rearing households, including 50 control, and 50 households each in two intervention arms. Interventions focussing on improving duck health and duck nutrition were applied on a village level. Data analysis focussed on assessing the impact of interventions on duck mortality, sales and consumption, and on dietary diversity of household members. Improved duck rearing increased the consumption and the sales of ducks. Household selling more ducks were more likely to purchase and consume milk products, contributing to an improved households' dietary diversity. Our results suggest that improving duck rearing can provide a suitable and sustainable alternative to maintain and improve dietary diversity of households in flood-prone areas.
Dietary energy level affects adipose depot mass but does not impair in vitro subcutaneous adipose tissue response to short-term insulin and tumor necrosis factor-α challenge in nonlactating, nonpregnant Holstein cows; We assessed effects of overfeeding energy to nonlactating and nonpregnant Holstein cows during a length of time similar to a typical dry period on body lipid storage and the abundance of genes related to insulin signaling, inflammation, and ubiquitination in subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT) in vitro challenged with insulin and recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Fourteen cows were randomly assigned to either a high-energy (OVE; net energy for lactation = 1.60 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) or control (CON; net energy for lactation = 1.30 Mcal/kg of dry matter; n = 7) diet for 6 wk. Immediately after slaughter, liver, kidneys, and mammary gland were separated and weighed. The adipose tissue mass in the omental, mesenteric, and perirenal depots was dissected and weighed. Subcutaneous adipose tissue was collected from the tail-head region and was used as follows: control, bovine insulin (INS) at 1 mu mol/L, tumor necrosis factor-alpha at 5 ng/mL (TNF), and their combination. Despite a lack of difference in final body condition score, OVE cows had greater energy intake and were heavier than CON cows. Furthermore, overfeeding led to greater mass of mesenteric and perirenal adipose, liver, and mammary gland. Overall, SAT incubated with INS had an upregulation of insulin receptor (INSR), interleukin 10 (IL10), small ubiquitin-like modifier 3 (SUMO3), and ubiquitin conjugating enzyme E2I (UBC9), whereas TNF upregulated peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARG), diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2), interleukin 6 (IL6), nuclear factor kappa B subunit 1 (NFKB1), small ubiquitin-like modifier 2 (SUMO2), and UBC9. Regardless of in vitro treatment, feeding OVE upregulated PPARG, fatty acid synthase (FASN), and insulin induced gene 1 (INSIG1). Abundance of PPARG was greater in SAT of OVE cows cultured individually with INS and TNF. The interaction between diet and in vitro treatment revealed that sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 1 (SREBF1) had greater abundance in SAT from the CON group in response to culture with INS, whereas SAT from OVE cows had greater SREBF1 abundance in response to culture with TNF. The mRNA abundance of IL6 and NFKB1 was greater in response to TNF treatment and overall in CON cows. Furthermore, SAT from these cows had greater IL10 abundance when cultured with INS and TNF. Overall, data highlighted that overfeeding energy increases adipose tissue mass in part by stimulating transcription of key genes associated with insulin signaling, adipogenesis, and lipogenesis. Because SAT thickness or mass was not measured, the lack of effect of overfeeding on body condition score limits its use to predict overall body lipid storage. An overt inflammatory response in SAT after a 6-wk period of over-consumption of energy could not be discerned.
Mepilex Lite dressings for the management of radiation-induced erythema: a systematic inpatient controlled clinical trial; Erythema occurs in 80-90% of women treated for breast cancer with radiation therapy. There is currently no standard treatment for radiation-induced skin reactions. This study investigates the clinical efficacy of Mepilex Lite dressings in reducing radiation-induced erythema in women with breast cancer. A total of 28 patients were recruited; of these, 24 participants presented with 34 erythematous areas of skin for analysis. When erythema was visible, each affected skin area was randomly divided into two similar halves: one half was treated using Mepilex Lite dressings, the other half with standard aqueous cream. Skin reactions were assessed by the Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale. We also evaluated any potential dose build-up by the dressings using a white water phantom, the dose distribution over the breast via thermoluminescent dosimeters (TLDs) and the surface skin temperature with an infrared thermographic scanner. Mepilex Lite dressings significantly reduced the severity of radiation-induced erythema compared with standard aqueous cream (p < 0.001), did not affect surface skin temperature and caused only a small (0.5 mm) dose build-up. TLD measurements showed that the inframammary fold was exposed to significantly higher doses of radiation than any other breast region (p < 0.0001). Mepilex dressings reduce radiation-induced erythema.
Effects of wildfire smoke PM<sub>2.5</sub> on indicators of inflammation, health, and metabolism of preweaned Holstein heifers; Wildfires are a growing concern as large, catastrophic fires are becoming more commonplace. Wildfire smoke consists of fine particulate matter (PM2.5), which can cause immune responses and disease in humans. However, the present knowledge of the effects of wildfire PM2.5 on dairy cattle is sparse. The present study aimed to elucidate the effects of wildfire-PM2.5 exposure on dairy calf health and performance. Preweaned Holstein heifers (N = 15) were assessed from birth through weaning, coinciding with the 2021 wildfire season. Respiratory rate, heart rate, rectal temperatures, and health scores were recorded and blood samples were collected weekly or twice a week for analysis of hematology, blood metabolites, and acute phase proteins. Hourly PM2.5 concentrations and meteorological data were obtained, and temperature-humidity index (THI) was calculated. Contribution of wildfires to PM2.5 fluxes were determined utilizing AirNowTech Navigator and HYSPLIT modeling. Mixed models were used for data analysis, with separate models for lags of up to 7 d, and fixed effects of daily average PM2.5, THI, and PM2.5 x THI, and calf as a random effect. THI ranged from 48 to 73, while PM2.5 reached concentrations up to 118.8 mu g/m(3) during active wildfires. PM2.5 and THI positively interacted to elevate respiratory rate, heart rate, rectal temperature, and eosinophils on lag day 0 (day of exposure; all P < 0.05). There was a negative interactive effect of PM2.5 and THI on lymphocytes after a 2-d lag (P = 0.03), and total white blood cells, neutrophils, hemoglobin, and hematocrit after a 3-d lag (all P < 0.02), whereas there was a positive interactive effect on cough scores and eye scores on lag day 3 (all P < 0.02). Glucose and NEFA were increased as a result of combined elevated PM2.5 and THI on lag day 1, whereas BHB was decreased (all P < 0.05). Contrarily, on lag day 3 and 6, there was a negative interactive effect of PM2.5 and THI on glucose and NEFA, but a positive interactive effect on BHB (all P < 0.03). Serum amyloid A was decreased whereas haptoglobin was increased with elevated PM2.5 and THI together on lag days 0 to 4 (all P < 0.05). These findings indicate that exposure to wildfire-derived PM2.5, along with increased THI during the summer months, elicits negative effects on preweaned calf health and performance both during and following exposure.
Prevalence and risk factors for <i>Salmonella</i> in veal calves at Danish cattle abattoirs; The study's objectives were to determine herd- and animal-level prevalence and herd-level risk factors for Salmonella in dairy-bred veal calves at slaughter in Denmark. In total, 1296 faecal samples were collected at five cattle abattoirs in Denmark during 2007 2008. The animals came from 71 randomly selected specialized veal-calf producers that delivered more than 100 animals to slaughter per year. Salmonella Dublin bacteria were isolated from 19 samples from 12 herds and Salmonella Typhimurium was isolated from one sample. The apparent prevalence of herds delivering Salmonella-shedding animals to slaughter was 18% (95% CI 9-27). The overall estimated true prevalence of shedding calves at slaughter was 1.3%. Veal-calf herds that purchased animals from herds not classified as low risk in the Danish Salmonella surveillance programme had significantly (P = 0.03) higher risk of delivering Salmonella-shedding calves to slaughter. The results emphasize the importance of efforts in the dairy industry to ensure food safety for consumers.
Randomised controlled trial of vitamin E in patients with coronary disease: Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study (CHAOS); Background Vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol) is thought to have a role in prevention of atherosclerosis, through inhibition of oxidation of low-density lipoprotein. Some epidemiological studies have shown an association between high dietary intake or high serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and lower rates of ischaemic heart disease. We tested the hypothesis that treatment with a high dose of alpha-tocopherol would reduce subsequent risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and cardiovascular death in patients with established ischaemic heart disease,
Nursing Procedures for the Prevention and Treatment of Mucositis Induced by Cancer Therapies: Clinical Practice Guideline Based on an Interdisciplinary Consensus Process and a Systematic Literature Search; Background:
Management of anlotinib-related adverse events in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer: Experiences in ALTER-0303; Background Anlotinib is an oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor targeting vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, fibroblast growth factor receptor, platelet-derived growth factor receptor, and stem cell factor receptor (c-Kit). In the phase III ALTER-0303 trial (Clinical Trial Registry ID: NCT 02388919), anlotinib significantly improved overall survival versus placebo in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients who had received at least two previous chemotherapy and epidermal growth factor receptor/anaplastic lymphoma kinase targeted therapy regimens. This study summarized adverse event management in this trial. Methods Patients were randomized (2:1) to anlotinib or placebo up to progression or intolerable toxicity. Adverse events were graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events Version 4.0 and managed by investigators. Key strategies for preventing and managing the most common adverse events included patient education, supportive care, and dose modification. Results Between February 2015 and August 2016, 294 patients received anlotinib. A total of 170 (57.8%) patients received antihypertensive medications for hypertension, 53 (18.0%) patients received levothyroxine for hypothyroidism, 24 (8.2%) patients received fibrates for hypertriglyceridemia, 11 (3.7%) patients took cortisone cream for hand-foot syndrome, and 38 (12.9%) patients received anti-diarrheal medications for diarrhea. Dose reduction and drug discontinuation were required in 24 (8.16%) and 31 (10.54%) patients in the anlotinib group, respectively. Conclusion Anlotinb-related adverse events could be controlled by patient education, prophylactic measures, early and active intervention, and dose modification.
Cigarette smoking during pregnancy in rural Nepal.: Risk factors and effects of β-carotene and vitamin A supplementation; Objective: We examined risk factors of smoking and the association between smoking and pregnancy-related and 6-month infant mortality in rural Nepal, where 30% women reported smoking during pregnancy.
The effects of fucoidan as a dairy substitute on diarrhea rate and intestinal barrier function of the large intestine in weaned lambs; This paper explores the effects of fucoidan on the frequency of diarrhea, colon morphology, colon antioxidant status, cytokine content, short-chain fatty acids, and microflora of cecal contents in early weaned lambs in order to provide a reference for the intestinal health of young ruminants. Fucoidan is a natural active polysaccharide extracted from kelp and other large brown algae. It has many biological effects, such as improving immunity, nourishing the stomach and intestines, and anti-tumor properties. This study investigated the effects of fucoidan supplementation in milk replacer on the large intestine's ability to act as an intestinal barrier in weaned lambs. With six duplicate pens and one lamb per pen, a total of 24 weaned lambs (average starting body weight of 7.32 +/- 0.37 kg) were randomly assigned to one of four milk replacer treatments. Four concentrations of fucoidan supplementation (0, 0.1, 0.3, and 0.6% dry matter intake) were employed to investigate the effects of fucoidan on cecal fermentation and colon microbial organization. The test period lasted 37 days (1 week before the test and 1 month after the test), and lamb cecal contents and colon organization were collected for examination. In addition, the fecal status of all lambs was observed and recorded daily, allowing us to calculate the incidence of diarrhea in weaned lambs. The findings demonstrated that fucoidan may significantly increase the concentration of short-chain fatty acids (propionic acid and butyric acid) in the cecal digesta of weaned lambs. In weaned lambs, 16S rDNA testing showed that fucoidan at 0.3-0.6% (dry matter intake) was beneficial for boosting the variety of the intestinal bacteria and modifying the relative abundance of a few bacterial strains. In addition, fucoidan enhanced colon antioxidant and immune functions and decreased the diarrhea rate to relieve weaning stress. This result demonstrates that milk replacer supplementation with fucoidan contributes to the improvement in the large intestinal health of weaned lambs.
Bovine intramammary <i>Escherichia coli</i> challenge infections in late gestation demonstrate a dominant antiinflammatory immunological response; Coliform mastitis that presents itself at parturition or in the early weeks of bovine lactation is often characterized by severe inflammation and impaired milk production and can lead to death of the animal. Chronic intramammary infections caused by persistent strains of Escherichia coli may result in high production losses. The aim of this study was to determine the inflammatory response to a teat-canal challenge of bovine mammary glands with a persistent strain of E. coli during late gestation (dry period) and into early lactation. Two weeks before parturition, animals were challenged in 2 quarters with 30 cfu of a persistent strain of E. coli; control quarters were vehicle-infused and not infused, respectively. Samples of dry cow secretions were taken from all quarters before challenge and at 6, 12, 18, 24, 48, 72, 96, and 120 h following challenge. Colostrum samples and milk samples were taken from all quarters at parturition and 6, 12, 18, 24, 48, 72, 96 and 120 h postpartum. Bacterial culture, combined with random amplified polymorphic DNA genetic strain-typing analysis, indicated recovery of the bacterial challenge strain until 48 to 96 h postchallenge, and again at parturition and up to 6 and 12 h postpartum. One animal exhibited clinical mastitis and the bacterial challenge strain was evident to at least 12 d postpartum. During twice-daily milkings, production levels were lower in bacteria-challenged quarters compared with controls. Somatic cell counts decreased to normal levels at a slower rate in challenged quarters compared with control quarters. Cytokine analysis indicated a minimal proinflammatory cytokine response, including interleukin-1 beta and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in challenged-quarter dry cow samples up to 120 h postchallenge. Interleukin-10 levels were significantly increased by 12 h postchallenge in secretions from challenged and control quarters. These preliminary results in 2 cows indicate that proinflammatory signaling after intramammary bacterial infection may be actively suppressed during late gestation. We hypothesize that this immune-inhibitory response allows intramammary infections to become persistent in the dry period and cause clinical signs immediately after parturition.
Local delivery of imiquimod in hamsters using mucoadhesive films and their residence time in human patients; Objective. To investigate the ability of mucoadhesive films to locally deliver an immune response modifier (imiquimod) to oral mucosa.
Contemporary management of actinic keratosis; Actinic keratosis (AK) is a skin lesion characterized by itraepithelial keratinocyte dysplasia and molecular alterations shared with normal chronically sun-damaged skin and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). AK can undergo spontaneous regression, stable existence, or malignant transformation to cutaneous SCC with progression rates to SCC ranging from 0% to 0.5% per lesion-year and AK spontaneous regression of 15-63%. As AK is a potential precursor of invasive SCC, it is commonly treated to mitigate the risk of malignant progression, including metastasis and death. There is a myriad of available spots (e.g. cryotherapy) and field (e.g. 5-fluorouracil, imiquimod photodynamic therapy) treatments for AK. Recently published randomized clinical trials have helped bridge the gap on AK management. In this viewpoint, we sought to summarize the most up-to-date evidence in the management of AK.
Probiotic effects of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Zhang: From single strain omics to metagenomics; Lactobacillus casei Zhang (LCZ) is a well-studied probiotic bacterium that was inspired by traditional Mongolian medicine and isolated from naturally fermented koumiss in Inner Mongolia. There are three major stages of LCZ research and development. It contains single strain omics and in vitro evaluation stage (Stage 1), gut dominated microbes and in vivo evaluation stage (Stage 2) as well as metagenomics and clinical evaluation stage (Stage 3). LCZ was screened out from acid resistance, bile salt tolerance and processed favorable effects of in vitro cell adhesion characteristics and regulation of macrophage activity. And then, the whole genome of LCZ was determined and analyzed, which is the first identified Lactobacillus genome in China at 2008. Antibiotics resistance experiments showed a strong stability of LCZ genome under amoxicillin or gentamycin exposure through 2000 generations of laboratory evolution. A set of functional proteins such as NagA and NagB were identified from LCZ proteomics of growth process, acid stress or bile salt tolerance. Furthermore in vivo tests, LCZ has been demonstrated to process several beneficial effects including regulating microbiota abundance and ratios, lipid peroxidation inhibition and increasing antioxidant enzymes activities, regulating cellular and humoral immunity and tumor associated immune function, hepatoprotective effect and inhibition of liver transplanted tumor growth. Researchers have long appreciated the benefits of the gut microbiota to health. Moreover, LCZ was confirmed to promote the intestinal Bacteroides abundance and thereby alleviating impaired glucose tolerance and preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus by Q-PCR methods. Using the third generation PacBio sequencing technology, LCZ could delay the colon cancer progression in mice via altered gut microbiota composition and microbial acetic acid production. Detailedly, Alloprevotella rava and Parabacteroides merdae are the precise potential health-promoting species increased by LCZ intake. In addition to modulate gut microbiota composition, probiotic LCZ also manipulate bile acids, affects its conversation and induced tissue influx of chloride ion, which can impact the expression of chloride ion related proteins (eg.CLCN3 and CFTR). Small-scale human trial indicated that LCZ could maintain the abundance of gut microbiota, increase the number of beneficial bacteria and reduce potential harmful bacteria via 454 pyrosequencing. In 2018, a large-scale, randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled study was conducted by LCZ administration in Malaysian population. In adult subjects, it confirmed that LCZ could prevent upper respiratory tract infection including reducing the number of days for pharyngeal and general flu symptoms as well as nasal symptoms. In elderly populations, LCZ not only reduced nasal symptoms but also alleviated aged index including improving the mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. These are attributing to microbiota modulation and its mediated immunity such as increased anti-inflammatory IL-4. It is suggested that LCZ will exert more benefits in microbiota regulation and became a promising health food / special medical food for preventive or therapeutic effects.
PUBLIC-HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF DIETARY DIFFERENCES BETWEEN SOCIAL-STATUS AND OCCUPATIONAL CATEGORY GROUPS; Study objective-As there is a social status gradient in chronic disease mortality in Australia, this study aimed to establish whether there were substantial differences among socioeconomically defined groups with respect to food choice and nutrient intake, in the context of risk of nutrition related chronic diseases.
Feeding soybean meal increases the blood level of isoflavones and reduces the steroidogenic capacity in bovine corpora lutea, without affecting peripheral progesterone concentrations; Thirty-three Holstein-Friesian cows were followed from 14 days pre partum until the fourth ovulation post partum. Housing conditions and basic ration were identical for all animals. Concentrates were individually supplemented according to the daily milk production level, using two different types of protein rich concentrates: soybean meal and rapeseed meal. Soybean and rapeseed meal are known to be respectively high and low in isoflavones. Cows were randomly divided into three groups and blocked for parity. Group I (n = 11) was supplemented with soybean meal and acted as control group. Groups II (n = 11) and III (n = 11) were respectively supplemented with soybean and rapeseed meal and were subjected to a biopsy sampling of the corpus luteum at day 9 of the first three postpartal estrous cycles.
Silibinin Suppresses Tumor Cell-Intrinsic Resistance to Nintedanib and Enhances Its Clinical Activity in Lung Cancer; Simple Summary Nintedanib is an anti-angiogenic agent that has received approval in the European Union for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) after first-line chemotherapy. Here, we explore the possibility that the flavonolignan silibinin-the major bioactive component from the seeds of the milk thistle herb (Silybum marianum)-can provide clinical benefit in patients with advanced NSCLC treated with nintedanib. In vitro studies revealed that silibinin targets biological functions important for the therapeutic efficacy of nintedanib; specifically, activation of the transcription factor STAT3 and sequestration into lysosomal "safe houses". Supplementation with the silibinin-based nutraceutical Legasil(R) to patients with NSCLC receiving nintedanib/docetaxel was associated with increased clinical responses and a significantly longer time to treatment failure. Our findings provide a biological and clinical rationale for combining silibinin with nintedanib in a patient population for whom few effective second-line chemotherapy regimens are available. The anti-angiogenic agent nintedanib has been shown to prolong overall and progression-free survival in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who progress after first-line platinum-based chemotherapy and second-line immunotherapy. Here, we explored the molecular basis and the clinical benefit of incorporating the STAT3 inhibitor silibinin-a flavonolignan extracted from milk thistle-into nintedanib-based schedules in advanced NSCLC. First, we assessed the nature of the tumoricidal interaction between nintedanib and silibinin and the underlying relevance of STAT3 activation in a panel of human NSCLC cell lines. NSCLC cells with poorer cytotoxic responses to nintedanib exhibited a persistent, nintedanib-unresponsive activated STAT3 state, and deactivation by co-treatment with silibinin promoted synergistic cytotoxicity. Second, we tested whether silibinin could impact the lysosomal sequestration of nintedanib, a lung cancer cell-intrinsic mechanism of nintedanib resistance. Silibinin partially, but significantly, reduced the massive lysosomal entrapment of nintedanib occurring in nintedanib-refractory NSCLC cells, augmenting the ability of nintedanib to reach its intracellular targets. Third, we conducted a retrospective, observational multicenter study to determine the efficacy of incorporating an oral nutraceutical product containing silibinin in patients with NSCLC receiving a nintedanib/docetaxel combination in second- and further-line settings (n = 59). Overall response rate, defined as the combined rates of complete and partial responses, was significantly higher in the study cohort receiving silibinin supplementation (55%) than in the control cohort (22%, p = 0.011). Silibinin therapy was associated with a significantly longer time to treatment failure in multivariate analysis (hazard ratio 0.43, p = 0.013), despite the lack of overall survival benefit (hazard ratio 0.63, p = 0.190). Molecular mechanisms dictating the cancer cell-intrinsic responsiveness to nintedanib, such as STAT3 activation and lysosomal trapping, are amenable to pharmacological intervention with silibinin. A prospective, powered clinical trial is warranted to confirm the clinical relevance of these findings in patients with advanced NSCLC.
Effect of teat order on piglet rearing results of native Zlotnicka White breed; Observations of animal behaviour during the first three weeks of life revealed the existence of a specific correlation between the use of individual teats by suckling piglets and successive pairs of teats. Therefore, it appeared justified to undertake experiments with the aim to study relationships between the use of teats by individual piglets and the results of their rearing, focusing in particular on small-sized domestic breeds. The experimental animal material comprised 20 litters which derived from 20 randomly selected sows of a native swine breed. The scope of the performed observations and analyses of parameters included: frequency of approaching the preferred teats, number and body weight of piglets, body weight gains as well as mortality of piglets throughout the rearing period.
Effects of mat feeding on the growth performance, removal, and mortality of pigs after weaning; Four experiments were conducted to determine the effect of mat feeding strategy on the growth performance, removal, and mortality of pigs after weaning. In exp. 1, 1,392 weanling pigs (initially 7.0 kg; approximately 24 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 2 mat feeding treatments (mat feed vs. no mat feed). Overall, mat fed pigs had a tendency for improved ADG (P = 0.065) and G:F (P = 0.060) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. Mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.013) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. In exp. 2, 2,912 weanling pigs (initially 5.5 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 2 mat feeding treatments (mat feed vs. no mat feed). Overall, no differences in growth performance were observed. However, mat fed pigs had decreased (P < 0.026) final body weights compared to pigs not offered mat feed. This may be related to removal rates as mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.026). In exp. 3, 3,264 weanling pigs (initially 5.5 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial with main effects of diet form (pellet or crumble) and mat feeding (mat feed vs. no mat feed). No interactions between diet form and mat feeding were observed. No differences were observed in overall growth performance for the main effect of mat feeding. Pigs offered pelleted feed had decreased overall ADFI (feed disappearance from the feeder and feed placed on the mat; P = 0.013) and improved G:F (P < 0.001) compared to pigs offered crumble feed. No differences were observed in removals or mortalities for the main effect of mat feeding or diet form. In exp. 4, 3,227 weanling pigs (initially 5.1 kg; approximately 21 d of age) were randomly allotted to 1 of 3 treatments consisting of mat feeding small (3.2 mm) pellets, mat feeding large (12.7 mm) pellets, or no mat feeding. Overall, no differences were observed in ADG or G:F. Mat fed pigs had increased ADFI (P < 0.001) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. Given the shorter duration of this experiment, the extra feed provided with mat feeding had a greater impact on overall feed usage than exp. 1, 2, and 3. No differences were observed in removals or mortalities. When combining the removal and mortality data for the four experiments, mat fed pigs had fewer removals (P = 0.002) compared to pigs not offered mat feed. In summary, mat feeding may encourage earlier feeding behavior, therefore reducing the removal rate of pigs post-weaning.
Evaluation of a Dairy-Yeast Prebiotic in the Diet of Juvenile Nile Tilapia, <i>Oreochromis niloticus</i>; Two feeding trials were conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary supplementation with the prebiotic GroBiotic-A on juvenile Nile tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus. Juvenile fish in both trials received a basal diet composed of practical and semipurified ingredients or the basal diet supplemented with GroBiotic-A at either 1 or 2% of dry weight. Trial 1 (8wk), was conducted with juvenile fish initially averaging 4.3g/fish in which their performance indices, nonspecific humoral and cellular immune responses, and intestinal microbiota were characterized. In that trial, only survival was significantly affected by dietary treatment with the greatest survival (98.7%) observed for fish fed the diet containing 2% GroBiotic-A and significantly (P<0.05) lower survival (86.9%) for fish fed the diet containing 1% GroBiotic-A (GBA) and intermediate survival (90.7%) for fish fed the basal diet. Trial 2 (5wk), was conducted with larger juveniles initially averaging 6.5g/fish to provide a more in-depth assessment of cellular immune responses, intestinal morphometric characteristics, and disease resistance of tilapia fed the three experimental diets. Fish fed the diet with 2% GroBiotic-A exhibited significantly (P<0.05) increased production of extracellular superoxide anion by macrophages and a distinct microbial community within the intestine compared to fish fed the other diets. No significant differences were seen in survival after controlled exposure to Streptococcus iniae although fish fed the diet with 2% GBA tended to experience reduced mortality (12.5%) compared to those fed the basal diet (35%). Thus, based on the results from both trials, supplementation of 2% GroBiotic-A generally improved survival, altered gut microbiota, and enhanced extracellular superoxide anion production of Nile tilapia.
Effects of Milk Proteins and Combined Exercise Training on Aortic Hemodynamics and Arterial Stiffness in Young Obese Women With High Blood Pressure; Obesity and reduced muscle strength are associated with increased blood pressure (BP). We examined the impact of milk proteins and combined exercise training (CET) on BP, arterial function, and muscle strength (one-repetition maximum (1-RM)).
A cross-sectional analysis of the association between diet and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, IGF-II, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-2, and IGFBP-3 in men in the United Kingdom; There is evidence of associations between insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), IGF-II, insulin-like binding protein-2 (IGFBP-2), IGFBP-3, and prostate cancer risk. This study examines the association between dietary factors associated with prostate cancer and serum levels of these peptides.
Effect of PRID administration post-insemination on the establishment of pregnancy of dairy cows under commercial farm conditions; The aim of this study was to test the efficiency of progesterone supplementation post insemination (p.i.) in the fertility of dairy cows under commercial farm conditions. At initiation of the study, 405 cows from three farms -irrespective of their open days- were bred after natural or synchronized estrus. Subsequently, the cows were randomly allocated to receive a progesterone-releasing intra-vaginal device (PRID (R)) between D5 and D17 p.i (P4+, n=213), or to remain untreated (P4-, n=192). Pregnancy per artificial insemination (P/AI) did not differ between P4+ (42.3%) and P4- (41.2%, P = 0.82) groups. However, the treatment improved P/AI in cows enrolled in the study after the second p.p. insemination (46.8 vs. 25.5, P = 0.02). In the farm that showed the less days to insemination before treatment, progesterone supplementation tended to raise the P/AI (48.2 vs. 23.5, P = 0.08). However, in the farm with the greatest fertility the P4+ group had significantly lower P/AI than the P4- group (37.7 vs. 57.4, P = 0.03). Conclusively, the beneficial effect of the post-insemination administration of PRID is mainly apparent only after the second p.p. insemination and probably during early lactation when fertility is suppressed.
Effects of Whey Protein Supplementation on Aortic Stiffness, Cerebral Blood Flow, and Cognitive Function in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Findings from the ANCHORS A-WHEY Clinical Trial; ANCHORS A-WHEY was a 12-week randomized controlled trial (RCT) designed to examine the effect of whey protein on large artery stiffness, cerebrovascular responses to cognitive activity and cognitive function in older adults. Methods: 99 older adults (mean +/- SD; age 67 +/- 6 years, BMI 27.2 +/- 4.7kg/m(2), 45% female) were randomly assigned to 50g/daily of whey protein isolate (WPI) or an iso-caloric carbohydrate (CHO) control for 12 weeks (NCT01956994). Aortic stiffness was determined as carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV). Aortic hemodynamic load was assessed as the product of aortic systolic blood pressure and heart rate (Ao SBP x HR). Cerebrovascular response to cognitive activity was assessed as change in middle-cerebral artery (MCA) blood velocity pulsatility index (PI) during a cognitive perturbation (Stroop task). Cognitive function was assessed using a computerized neurocognitive battery. Results: cfPWV increased slightly in CHO and significantly decreased in WPI (p < 0.05). Ao SBP x HR was unaltered in CHO but decreased significantly in WPI (p < 0.05). Although emotion recognition selectively improved with WPI (p < 0.05), WPI had no effect on other domains of cognitive function or MCA PI response to cognitive activity (p > 0.05 for all). Conclusions: Compared to CHO, WPI supplementation results in favorable reductions in aortic stiffness and aortic hemodynamic load with limited effects on cognitive function and cerebrovascular function in community-dwelling older adults.
<i>Short communication</i>: Amino acid supplementation and stage of lactation alter apparent utilization of nutrients by blood neutrophils from lactating dairy cows in vitro; Glutamine is the preferred AA used by polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) during the inflammatory response. However, the effect of other AA on bovine PMN response during inflammation and how this is altered by stage of lactation has not been fully elucidated. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of additional AA supplementation (pool of AA excluding Gln), on AA profiles, gene expression, and inflammatory function of PMN from dairy cows in early and mid lactation in vitro. We used 18 Holstein cows for this study. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes were isolated. Working solutions of AA (0 or 4 mM) and LPS (0 or 50 mu g/mL) were added to cell populations suspended in RPMI and incubated for 2 h at 37 degrees C. We used a subset of samples for gene and protein expression. Concentrations of AA in medium were determined using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with norleucine as an internal standard. Apparent AA and glucose utilization were calculated by subtracting the concentration after from that of before incubation. Data were analyzed as a randomized block design. Challenge with LPS increased the expression of proinflammatory genes and AA supplementation decreased both the expression of some proinflammatory genes and the media concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-a. Neither stage of lactation, LPS challenge, nor AA supplementation altered the chemotactic or phagocytic abilities of PMN in vitro. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes supplemented with AA had greater concentrations and apparent utilization of most of the supplemented AA, whereas the unsupplemented group had greater apparent utilization of glucose. Alanine was not provided in the media but was present in spent media, and Ile, Gly, and Pro were greater in spent media than in media before incubation indicating synthesis of these AA. Regarding expression of genes involved in nutrient metabolism, the expression of G6PD, coding for the enzyme glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase, was increased and that of PDHA1, coding for the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase a 1, tended to increase with AA supplementation. Due to the lower concentration of tumor necrosis factor-a in media coupled with a downregulation of several proinflammatory genes, we concluded that AA, rather than Gln, alter the inflammatory response of bovine blood PMN. Independent from Gln, blood PMN from cows in early lactation may use certain AA as their primary carbon source for energy than cows in later lactation. Evaluating cows during the early postpartum period will provide additional information on the effect of stage of lactation and nutrient supplementation on PMN function.
The Medical Treatment of New-Onset Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Systematic Review of Prospective Studies; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder with potentially fatal consequences, which occurs mainly in previously healthy women. The aetiology of PPCM remains unknown and various pathologic mechanisms have been proposed, including immune-mediated injuries and impaired response to oxidative stress and inflammatory cytokines. Several therapies have been studied, but few have been validated in a well-designed randomized controlled trial.
Sexual Function in Postmenopausal Women With Symptomatic Pelvic Organ Prolapse Treated Either with Locally Applied Estrogen or Placebo: Results of a Double-Masked, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Trial; Background: Local estrogen therapy (LET) has beneficial effects on genitourinary atrophy; however it is currently unclear if LET improves sexual function in postmenopausal women with pelvic organ prolapse (POP). Aim: To evaluate if LET vs placebo results in an improved sexual function in postmenopausal women with symptomatic POP. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of sexual outcomes of a previous randomized controlled trial comparing LET and placebo in 120 postmenopausal women (60/group) with symptomatic POP stage >= 3 and planned prolapse surgery. Women were randomly assigned to receive local estrogen or placebo cream 6 weeks preoperatively. The effect of therapy vs placebo was assessed with ANOVA with interaction effect of time*group and a multivariable linear regression model was built to assess the impact of different variables on sexual function before therapy. Outcomes: We evaluated the sexual function score in sexually active women of our study population using the German Pelvic Floor Questionnaire at recruitment time and again after 6 weeks of treatment. Results: Among 120 randomized women, 66 sexually active women remained for final analysis. There was no significant difference in the change of the sexual function score over time between the treatment groups (difference in changes in score from baseline to 6 weeks for Estrogen group vs control group was -0.110 with 95% CI -0.364 to 0.144) Multivariable analysis showed that no independent risk factor for unsatisfying sexual function score could be identified. Clinical Implications: Based on our results, LET has no beneficial effect on sexual function in postmenopausal women with POP. Strengths and limitations: Main strength of our study lies in the study design and in the use of a conditionspecific questionnaire. As this is a secondary analysis, this study may be insufficiently powered to identify differences in sexual data between groups. Conclusion: LET had no impact on female sexuality in postmenopausal women with POP.
INVIVO EFFECT OF YOGURT ON EXCRETION OF ENTEROPATHOGEN ESCHERICHIA-COLI RDEC-1 DURING ACUTE DIARRHEA IN THE JUST-WEANED RABBIT; Yogurt has been shown to inhibit, by various mechanisms, pathogenic bacterial growth in vitro, including that of the rabbit Escherichia coli strain RDEC-1.  To determine whether this in vitro inhibition by yogurt has an in vivo counterpart, 60 newly weaned New Zealand rabbits were randomly assigned to receive a diet supplemented with either milk or yogurt.  Four days later, rabbits were infected intragastrically with 10(8) E. coli strain RDEC-1.  During the 30 days postinfection, animals were checked regularly for weight, stool characteristics, and fecal excretion of bacteria.  Results show that the duration of diarrhea as well as bacterial excretion were the same in the milk and yogurt groups, indicating that in vivo, yogurt did not interfere with the growth of the pathogenic E. coli strain RDEC-1.  The pattern of the survival curves was significantly different in the two groups (p < 0.03), but the difference between their mortality at 30 days postinfection was not significant (80% in the milk group versus 67% in the yogurt group).  These results indicate that the bactericidal activity of yogurt observed in vitro against the E. coli strain RDEC-1 does not have an in vivo counterpart in the model of the just-weaned rabbit infected by RDEC-1.
Effect of Rearing Systems on Growth Performance, Lying/Standing Behavior, Morbidity, and Immunity Parameters of Pre-Weaned Dairy Calves in a Continental Zone in Winter; On dairy farms, calves are typically raised inside barns (either in individual or group pens), or they are raised in outdoor hutches. To evaluate the effect of all three of these commonly used rearing practices on calves, an experiment was conducted. A group of 58 Holstein dairy female healthy calves (3 days of age) was randomly divided into three subgroups (outdoor hutches, individual-housed, and group-housed in a barn). The body weight, lying bouts, lying time, and immunity parameters of each calf were monitored, and the ambient temperature and relative humidity were measured. The average temperatures outside and in the barn and hutches were -16.67 degrees C, -15.26 degrees C, and -15.59 degrees C, respectively, from 22 November 2020 to 27 January 2021. All calves suffered from cold stress. Group-housed calves weighed significantly less than the other calves at the ages of 1 month and 2 month (p < 0.05). The lying time of the calves housed in individual pens and group pens was longer (p < 0.05) than that of the calves housed in hutches. The morbidity attributable to bovine respiratory disease was significantly lower among the calves housed in hutches than it was among the calves housed either individually or in group pens inside the barn (p < 0.05). No significant differences in the concentrations of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, and IL-6 were found between the three groups (p > 0.05). On the basis of these findings, we were able to conclude that calves housed in outdoor hutches were at a lower risk of developing a disease than were calves housed in barns without heating in winter. To optimize the management process, heating should be added to hutch systems. Moreover, more rigorous disease and environmental control management strategies should be applied when raising calves inside barns.
Zinc supplementation reduces morbidity and mortality in very-low-birth-weight preterm neonates: a hospital-based randomized, placebo-controlled trial in an industrialized country; Background: Zinc plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of many diseases and in body growth. Preterm neonates have high zinc requirements.
Whole transcriptome analysis of RNA expression profiles reveals the potential regulating action of long noncoding RNA in lactating cows fed a high concentrate diet; Subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) is a common metabolic disease in the dairy farming industry which is usually caused by an excessive amount of high concentrate diet. SARA not only threatens animal welfare but also leads to economic losses in the farming industry. The liver plays an important role in the distribution of nutritional substances and metabolism; however, a high concentrate diet can cause hepatic metabolic disorders and liver injury. Recently, noncoding RNA has been considered as a critical regulator of hepatic disease, however, its role in the bovine liver is limited. In this study, 12 mid-lactating dairy cows were randomly assigned to a control (CON) group (40% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6) and a SARA group (60% concentrate of dry matter, n = 6). After 21 d of treatment, all cows were sacrificed, and liver tissue samples were collected. Three dairy cows were randomly selected from the CON and SARA groups respectively to perform whole transcriptome analysis. More than 20,000 messenger RNA (mRNA), 10,000 long noncoding RNA (lncRNA), 3,500 circular RNA (circRNA) and 1,000 micro RNA (miRNA) were identified. Furthermore, 43 mRNA, 121 lncRNA and 3 miRNA were differentially expressed, whereas no obvious differentially expressed circRNA were detected between the 2 groups. Gene Ontology (GO) annotation revealed that the differentially expressed genes were mainly enriched in oxidoreductase activity, stress, metabolism, the immune response, cell apoptosis, and cell proliferation. Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) enrichment analysis showed that the deferentially expressed genes were highly enriched in the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)-serine/threonine kinase (AKT) signaling pathway (P < 0.05). According to KEGG pathway analysis, the differentially expressed lncRNA (DElncRNA) target genes were mainly related to proteasomes, peroxisomes, and the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 signaling pathway (P < 0.005). Further bioinformatics and integrative analyses revealed that the lncRNA were strongly correlated with mRNA; therefore, it is reasonable to speculate that lncRNA potentially play important roles in the liver dysfunction induced by SARA. Our study provides a valuable resource for future investigations on the mechanisms of SARA to facilitate an understanding of the importance of lncRNA, and offer functional RNA information. (c) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC
Microinvasive Melanoma Cutaneous Pharmacotherapeutic Approaches; Surgical excision is the treatment of choice for primary melanomas and radiation therapy is the accepted alternative for the subset of lesions not amenable to surgery. With the recent rise in melanoma incidence, especially in the elderly, there are a growing number of cases that are neither amenable to surgery nor radiation therapy. In this article, we review pharmacotherapeutic approaches to microinvasive melanoma (invasive radial growth phase melanoma) that might be considered in such circumstances. There are no approved drugs for the treatment of primary melanoma and randomized controlled trials with 5 or more years of follow-up have not been performed. The limited studies and numerous case series in the literature on pharmacologic treatment of primary melanoma have focused on topical therapies. Accordingly, we provide a review of the potential pharmacotherapeutic agents in the treatment of microinvasive melanoma by extrapolating from the available limited literature on the use of fluorouracil, azelaic acid, retinoic acid derivatives, interferon (IFN)-alpha, imiquimod, and other agents for melanoma in situ, invasive melanoma, and epidermotropic melanoma metastases. Our review indicates that topical fluorouracil and tretinoin are not effective as single agents. The efficacy of azelaic acid, tazarotene, cidofovir, and intralesional IFN-alpha, interleulcin-2, and IFN-beta is undefined. Imiquimod is the most studied and promising agent; however, optimal dosage, therapeutic regimen, and survival rates are unknown. In the face of a growing demand for non-surgical treatments, formal clinical trials are needed to ascertain the role of pharmacotherapeutic agents in the treatment of microinvasive melanoma.
Interventions for bullous pemphigoid; Background
Analysis and Comparison of Proteomics of Placental Proteins from Cows Using Different Proteases; Simple Summary As an organ of fetal development, the placenta has many biological functions such as anti-oxidation, anti-tumor, anti-apoptosis, immune regulation, and skin care. It was found that the protein content, trace elements, and amino acid types of bovine placenta were similar to those of human placenta-which has been widely studied, developed, and utilized-and at the same time, the waste of resources caused by the random disposal of placenta was avoided. In this study, we explored and compared the proteome of different proteases following their action on cow placenta based on marker-free mass spectrometry and performed a bioinformatics analysis, which provided valuable reference information for the subsequent proteomic analysis of pregnancy-related diseases in cows, the study of the physiological functions of cow placenta, and the development and utilization of its by-products.Abstract Newly found biochemical characteristics of the placenta can provide new insights for further studies on the possible markers of physiological/pathological pregnancy or the function of the placenta. We compared the proteome of the dairy cow placenta after enzymatic hydrolysis by three different proteases using a label-free mass spectrometry approach. In total, 541, 136, and 86 proteins were identified in the trypsin group (TRY), pepsin group (PEP), and papain group (PAP). By comparing the proteome of the PAP and TRY, PEP and TRY, and PEP and PAP groups, 432, 421, and 136 differentially expressed proteins were identified, respectively. We compared the up-regulated DEPs and down-regulated DEPs of each comparison group. The results show that the proteins identified by papain were mostly derived from the extracellular matrix and collagen, and were enriched in the relaxin signaling pathway and AGE-RAGE signaling pathway in diabetic complications; pepsin digestion was able to identify more muscle-related proteins, which were enriched in the lysosome, platelet activation, cardiac muscle contraction, the bacterial invasion of epithelial cells, and small cell lung cancer; trypsin mainly enzymatically degraded the extracellular matrix, blood particles, and cell-surface proteins that were enriched in arginine and proline metabolism, olfactory transduction proteasome, protein processing in the endoplasmic reticulum, pyruvate metabolism, and arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC). In summary, these results provide insights into the discovery of the physiological functions of dairy cow placenta and the selection of proteases in dairy cow placenta proteomics.
Economic losses due to important diseases of bovines in central India; Aim: To analyze the factors associated with morbidity and mortality rates as well as to evaluate economic losses due to important diseases of bovines, viz. mastitis, hacmorrhagic septicaemia (HS) and surra in Purvanchal Region of Uttar Pradesh.
A randomized multicenter phase II trial on the efficacy of a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide with a low-friction external surface for hand-foot skin reaction caused by sorafenib in patients with renal cell carcinoma; Background: The purpose of this study was to investigate the usefulness of a hydrocolloid dressing containing ceramide for hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) on the soles of the feet in metastatic renal cell carcinoma (RCC) patients treated with sorafenib.
Associations of cereal grains intake with cardiovascular disease and mortality across 21 countries in Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiology study: prospective cohort study; OBJECTIVE
Validation and comparison of quality-of-life measures for topical 5-fluorouracil treatment: results from a randomized controlled trial; BackgroundTopical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) is commonly used for high-risk patients with keratinocyte carcinoma (KC). Skindex and Skin Cancer Index (SCI) are validated instruments to measure quality of life (QoL) of patients with KC and those who have had surgical treatment of KCs.
Effect of feeding maternal colostrum or plasma-derived or colostrum-derived colostrum replacer on passive transfer of immunity, health, and performance of preweaning heifer calves; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of feeding maternal colostrum (MC), a plasma-derived (PDCR) or colostrum-derived colostrum replacer (CDCR) on passive transfer of immunity, health, and performance of preweaning heifer calves. Preplanned contrasts were performed for MC versus CR (PDCR combined with CDCR) and PDCR versus CDCR. At birth, calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatment groups: MC (n = 49), 3.8 L of maternal colostrum; PDCR (n = 49), 550 g (1 dose; 150 g of IgG) of a PDCR; or CDCR (n = 49), 470 g (1 dose; 100 g IgG) of a CDCR. The best total protein cutoff for determining passive transfer was >5.2, 5.6, and 5.1 g/dL for MC, PDCR, and CDCR, respectively. Serum total protein was greater for calves fed MC (mean SE; 6.14 +/- 0.11 g/dL) than for calves fed PDCR (5.29 +/- 0.11 g/dL) and CDCR (5.27 +/- 0.11 g/dL). Serum IgG concentrations were greater for calves fed MC (2,098 +/- 108 g/dL) than for calves fed PDCR (927 107 g/dL) or CDCR (1,139 +/- 108 g/dL). Apparent efficiency of absorption was greater for CDCR than PDCR (38.8 +/- 3.0 vs. 21.6 +/- 3.0%). Adequate passive transfer was greatest for MC (91.8%), followed by CDCR (49%) and PDCR (28.6%). Calves fed MC had greater weaning weights and body weight gain than calves fed CR. Morbidity was lower for calves fed MC (46.9%) than for calves fed PDCR (71.4%) or CDCR (67.3%). Calves fed MC tended to have lower mortality than calves fed CR. Given the conditions of this trial, feeding 3.8 L of MC was superior to feeding one dose of CR. Further research is needed to evaluate calf performance when a higher dose of CR is fed.
The Effects of a Modified High-carbohydrate High-fat Diet on Metabolic Syndrome Parameters in Male Rats; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic abnormalities including central obesity, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A previous study has established that high-carbohydrate high-fat diet (HCHF) can induce MetS in rats. In this study, we modified components of the diet so that it resembled the diet of Southeast Asians. This study aimed to determine the effects of this modified HCHF diet on metabolic parameters in rats. Male Wistar rats (n=14) were randomised into two groups. The normal group was given standard rat chow. The MetS group was given the HCHF diet, comprises of fructose, sweetened condensed milk, ghee, Hubble Mendel and Wakeman salt mixture, and powdered rat food. The diet regimen was assigned for a period of 16 weeks. Metabolic syndrome parameters (abdominal circumference, blood glucose, blood pressure, and lipid profile) were measured at week 0, 8, 12, and 16 of the study. The measurement of whole body composition (fat mass, lean mass, and percentage of fat) was performed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry at week 0, 8, and 16. Our results indicated that the components of MetS were partially developed after 8 weeks of HCHF diet. Systolic blood pressure, triglyceride, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, fat content, and percentage of fat was significantly higher in the HCHF group compared to normal group (p<0.05). After 12 weeks of HCHF diet, the rats showed significant increases in abdominal circumference, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia compared to normal control (p<0.05). In conclusion, MetS is successfully established in male rats induced by the modified HCHF diet after 12 weeks.
Ruxolitinib, a selective JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor for the treatment of myeloproliferative neoplasms and psoriasis; Ruxolitinib (INCB-018424) is a potent, orally available, selective inhibitor of both JAK1 and JAK2 of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway, being developed by Incyte Corp and Novartis AG. Ruxolitinib was initially developed to target the constitutive activation of the JAK-STAT pathway in patients with myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs). Meaningful reductions in spleen size and constitutional symptoms have been noted in patients with myelofibrosis (both primary and post-essential thrombocythemia/polycythemia vera). Data from a phase I/II clinical trial led to ongoing registration trials in the US and Europe. Toxicity (primarily decreased erythropoiesis and thrombocytopoiesis) has been managed by close control of dosing. The inhibition of inflammatory cytokine signaling through JAK1 inhibition has led to intriguing results in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis (using a topical cream formulation). Ruxolitinib is a well tolerated, first-in-class JAK2 inhibitor with various potential clinical indications.
Topical Brimonidine Delays Ultraviolet Radiation-Induced Squamous Cell Carcinoma in Hairless Mice; We investigated whether topical brimonidine delayed or enhanced the development of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) when ultraviolet radiation (UVR) was applied to a well-established murine model. Hairless female mice (n = 125) were randomized into five groups and treated as follows: 1% brimonidine cream before UVR (Group 1), 0.33% brimonidine gel before UVR (Group 2), 1% brimonidine cream after UVR (Group 3), UVR only (control; Group 4) and 1% brimonidine cream only (control; Group 5). For each animal, the first four tumors were recorded and followed until three tumors reached 4 mm or one tumor reached 12 mm in diameter. All animal experiments continued for up to 365 days or until death. Application of 1% brimonidine cream before UVR delayed tumor development relative to control mice treated with UVR alone (P = 0.000006). However, when 0.33% brimonidine gel was applied before UVR (P = 0.313) or 1% brimonidine cream was applied after UVR (P = 0.252), there was no significant delay in tumor development relative to control mice treated with UVR alone. The development of the second and third tumors followed a similar pattern. Topical 1% brimonidine cream applied before UVR exposure delayed SCC development in hairless mice. In contrast, when brimonidine was applied after UVR there was no significant delay in tumor development. These results suggest that the 1% brimonidine cream probably absorbed the UVR, and therefore, a delay in tumor formation was only seen when brimonidine was applied before irradiation. However, there can be multiple reasons for this delay in photocarcinogenesis.
Colorectal Cancer Screening and Prevention; Colorectal cancer is a common cause of morbidity and mortality in the United States. Most colorectal cancers arise from preexisting adenomatous or serrated polyps. The incidence and mortality of colorectal cancer can be reduced with screening of average-risk adults 50 to 75 years of age. Randomized controlled trials show evidence of reduced colorectal cancer specific mortality with guaiac-based fecal occult blood tests and flexible sigmoidoscopy. There are no randomized controlled trials on the effectiveness of colonoscopy to reduce colorectal cancer specific mortality; however, several randomized controlled trials comparing colonoscopy with other strategies are in progress. The best available evidence supporting colonoscopy is from prospective cohort studies that demonstrate decreased incidence of colorectal cancer and colorectal cancer related mortality in individuals undergoing colonoscopy. Other screening options include fecal immunochemical testing, computed tomographic colonography, and multitargeted stool DNA testing combined with fecal immunochemical testing. There is good evidence that aspirin, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors, and hormone therapy decrease the risk of colorectal cancer and adenomatous polyps, but potential harms limit their usefulness. There is good evidence that calcium supplementation, moderate dairy consumption, reduced red meat consumption, increased physical activity, decreased body mass index, and statin use decrease the risk of colorectal cancer and adenomatous polyps. Although increased alcohol intake and tobacco use are associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer, there is no direct evidence that reducing alcohol consumption or smoking cessation decreases the risk. Copyright (C) 2018 American Academy of Family Physicians.
Selection and outcome of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator patients with and without cardiac resynchronization therapy: Comparison of 4384 patients from the German Device Registry to randomized controlled trials; Background Registry data add important information to randomized controlled trials (RCT) on real-life aspects of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) patients with and without cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT-D). This analysis of the prospectively conducted German Device Registry aims at comparing mortality rates, comorbidities, complication rates to results from RCT. Methods The German Device registry (DEVICE) prospectively collected data on ICD and CRT-D first implantations from 50 German centres. Demographic data, details on cardiac disease, electrocardiogram (ECG), medication, and data about procedure, complications, and hospital stay were stored in electronic case report forms. One year after device implantation patients were contacted for follow-up. Results DEVICE included n = 4384 first ICD/CRT-D implantations (29.3% CRT-D devices). We found a strong adherence to guidelines with over 90% of patients being on ss-blocker and ACE-inhibitor medication and adequate QRS width in the majority of CRT-D patients. Patients receiving a CRT-D were older (67.6 +/- 11.0 years vs. 63.9 +/- 13.4 years, p < .001) and had lower ejection fractions (mean 25% vs. 30%, p < .001) compared to ICD patients. Dilated cardiomyopathy was the predominant underlying heart disease in CRT-D (53.3%), coronary artery disease in ICD patients (64.7%). Compared to RCT our DEVICE patients had more comorbidities (17.9% chronic kidney disease [CKD]) and higher 1-year mortality rates (10.7% ICD group, 12.3% CRT group). In multivariate analysis, CKD patients had an almost 2-fold higher risk of 1-year mortality. Conclusion Despite relevant limitations of registry data, DEVICE highlights important differences between RCT and real-world registry data and the impact of comorbidities on mortality of ICD and CRT-D recipients.
Rationale and design of a randomized, controlled multicentre clinical trial to evaluate the effect of bromocriptine on left ventricular function in women with peripartum cardiomyopathy; Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is an idiopathic heart disease that develops in the last month of pregnancy and/or the first months following delivery in previously healthy women and may lead to acute heart failure. A cleaved fragment of the nursing hormone prolactin is considered essential in the pathophysiology of PPCM. To date, no specific therapy has been tested for PPCM in a randomized controlled trial of adequate size.
Randomized controlled trial of live lactobacillus acidophilus plus bifidobacterium bifidum in prophylaxis of diarrhea during radiotherapy in cervical cancer patients; Background: Radiation-induced diarrhea is frequently observed during pelvic radiotherapy. This study was performed to determine the ability of a probiotic containing live lactobacillus acidophilus plus bifidobacterium bifidum to reduce the incidence of radiation-induced diarrhea in locally advanced cervical cancer patients.
Management practices and production performance of camels under organized farming in Abu Dhabi Emirate, United Arab Emirates; There is dearth of systematic studies describing the husbandry aspects and production performance of camels reared under confined farming. In this context, present study was carried out focusing 35 farm units, randomly selected from Al Wafea cluster farms, over a period of one month. Data were recorded through observation of farm activities and interview cum discussion with farm personnel and analyzed for summarizing the major findings. Different species of animals reared in the farms studied were mainly sheep and goats (90.88%), followed by camels (7.09%), cattle (1.97%) and others (0.06%). Male camels were present in most of the farms and the sex ratio was 1: 13. Males above 10 years were only 13.33% indicating adequate replacement of breeding males. Types of camels were mostly Hazmi and Omani being reared in 73.33% and 66.66% of the farms respectively.
Effects of treatment with enrofloxacin or tulathromycin on fecal microbiota composition and genetic function of dairy calves; The increasing concerns with antimicrobial resistance highlights the need for studies evaluating the impacts of antimicrobial use in livestock on antimicrobial resistance using new sequencing technologies. Through shotgun sequencing, we investigated the changes in the fecal microbiome composition and function, with a focus on functions related to antimicrobial resistance, of dairy calves. Heifers 2 to 3 weeks old, which were not treated with antibiotics by the farm before enrollment, were randomly allocated to one of three study groups: control (no treatment), a single treatment of enrofloxacin, or a single treatment of tulathromycin. Fecal samples were collected at days 4, 14, 56 and 112 days after enrollment, and DNA extraction and sequencing was conducted. The effect of antibiotic treatment on each taxon and genetic functional level by time (including Day 0 as a covariate) revealed few changes in the microbiota. At the genus level, enrofloxacin group had higher relative abundance of Blautia, Coprococcus and Desulfovibrio and lower abundance of Bacteroides when compared to other study groups. The SEED database was used for genetic functional analyses, which showed that calves in the enrofloxacin group started with a higher relative abundance of "Resistance to antibiotics and toxic compounds" function on Day 0, however an increase in antibiotic resistance genes after treatment with enrofloxacin was not observed. "Resistance to Fluoroquinolones" and "Erythromycin resistance", of relevance given the study groups, were not statistically different in relative abundance between study groups. "Resistance to fluoroquinolones" increased during the study period regardless of study group. Despite small differences over the first weeks between study groups, at Day 112 the microbiota composition and genetic functional profile was similar among all study groups. In our study, enrofloxacin or tulathromycin had minimal impacts on the microbial composition and genetic functional microbiota of calves over the study period.
A Simple Method Minimizes Chylothorax after Minimally Invasive Esophagectomy; BACKGROUND: Postoperative chylothorax is a rare, but potentially fatal complication after esophagectomy. Preventive measures aimed at decreasing the incidence of chyle leakage after minimally invasive esophagectomy (MIE) could potentially reduce the high postoperative mortality associated with this complication. However, previous techniques are traumatic and time consuming. We present a simple method in the prophylaxis of chylothorax after MIE.
Nutritional Prevention of Urological Tumours; Through the last decade considerations on the role of vitamins and antioxidants in the primary prevention of genitourinary tumors have changed dramatically. In spite of all efforts, the efficacy of a specific compound has not been proven so far. In consequence, recommendations to use vitamins or other supplements for the primary prevention of urological tumors should be avoided. However, there is some evidence that moderate food consumption, reduction of dairy products and an Asian or Mediterranean diet may not only prevent prostate cancer (PCA) but also harbour additional beneficial effects on general health. Although quantification of these findings may be difficult, it becomes evident that these measures will have additional synergistic effects on cardiovascular diseases. Considering the large number of PCA patients dying not cancer-related but from concomitant diseases, primary prevention in particular of PCA should always also consider the general health of the target population. More recent studies suggest a potential effect of nutritional compounds on biochemical tumour recurrence in PCA patients after definite therapy. These observations may serve as a starting point for validation within controlled clinical trials.
Interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer; Background
Pretreatment with 5-Fluorouracil Cream Enhances the Efficacy of Daylight-mediated Photodynamic Therapy for Actinic Keratosis; The efficacy of photodynamic therapy (PDT) with methyl aminolevulinate is reduced when treating actinic keratosis (AK) on the extremities in comparison with the face and scalp. Studies indicate that PDT efficacy can be improved by combining PDT with other treatment modalities. This randomized intra-individual study investigated whether pretreatment with topical 5% 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) enhanced the treatment efficacy of daylight-mediated PDT in 24 patients with AKs on the hands. One hand of each patient was given 7 days of pretreatment with 5-FU twice daily before day-light- PDT, whereas the other hand was treated with daylight-PDT alone. At 3-month follow-up the overall lesion response rate was significantly higher for the combination of 5-FU and daylight-PDT (62.7%) than for daylight-PDT alone (51.8%) (p = 0.001). Furthermore, pain and erythema in relation to treatment were similar in the 2 groups (p = 1.0 and p = 0.2, respectively). Combination therapy is a safe and effective method to improve daylight-PDT for acral AKs.
New Moms Wellness Study: the randomized controlled trial study protocol for an intervention study to increase fruit and vegetable intake and lower breast cancer risk through weekly counseling and supplemental fruit and vegetable box delivery in breastfeeding women; Background: Laboratory studies indicate that chemicals in fruits and vegetables have anti-carcinogenic and anti-inflammatory activities that can lower breast cancer risk. However, epidemiologic studies of the association between fruit and vegetable intake and breast cancer risk have produced mixed results. Measurement error, confounding, and an emphasis on diet in later adulthood may contribute to weak associations. This paper describes a randomized controlled diet intervention trial in breastfeeding women to examine the effect of high fruit and vegetable intake on breast cancer risk factors, including weight, DNA methylation and inflammatory markers.
Prevention of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia with an antiperspirant in breast cancer patients treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (SAKK 92/08); Background: Elevated concentrations of doxorubicin are found in eccrine sweat glands of the palms and soles. We therefore evaluated an antiperspirant as preventive treatment for palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (hand-foot syndrome) in patients with metastatic breast cancer treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin.
Do topical anesthetics reduce periareolar injectional pain before sentinel lymph node biopsy?; BACKGROUND: Topical anesthetics have been used in various procedures. The purpose of this study was to evaluate efficacy of lidocaine/prilocaine cream in decreasing the pain of injection for sentinel lymph node biopsy.
Photobiomodulation in the treatment of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia: a randomised controlled clinical study protocol; Introduction Hand-foot syndrome, also known as palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE), is a complication caused by chemotherapy. Clinically, it manifests as erythema and oedema on the palms of the hands and feet, dry and scaly skin, accompanied by a sensation of tightness and pain. Extreme cases have blisters and ulcerations that may require hospitalisation and/or pause in cancer treatment. It can also be accompanied by paraesthesia. Considering the characteristics, photobiomodulation (PBM) may reduce the PPE effects. The objective of this protocol will be to evaluate the efficacy of PBM in reducing PPE induced by capecitabine and 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy. Methods and analysis This will be a randomised controlled, double-blind, double-centre clinical trial (Centro Asistencial del Sindicato M & eacute;dico del Uruguay and Instituto Nacional del C & aacute;ncer from Uruguay). The sample population (40 individuals) will be divided into two groups: group 1 will receive moisturising cream plus PBM treatment and group 2 moisturising cream plus PBM sham treatment, at the ratio of 1:1. PBM will be performed at 630 nm two times per week in palmoplantar areas of the hands and feet (4 J/cm(2)), for 4 weeks. The PPE degree and the data referring to the chemotherapy treatment plan will be measured, prior to the start of treatment in the middle and at the end of it. Quality of life questionnaires will be applied at the beginning of the trial and at the end of treatment. The data will be analysed based on the intention-to-treat analysis and alpha<0.05 will be considered statistically significant. Ethics and dissemination The protocol was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Universidad Cat & oacute;lica del Uruguay (220316b), of Centro Asistencial del Sindicato M & eacute;dico del Uruguay (221989) and of Instituto Nacional del C & aacute;ncer (2023-04). The recruitment has already started (March 2023). Protocol version: V.2, 27 October 2023.
Effect of alfalfa hay and starter feed supplementation on caecal microbiota and fermentation, growth, and health of yak calves; The caecum is the primary site where microbial fermentation and acidosis occurred. The supplementation of starter feed and alfalfa hay has the potential to influence caecal microbiota and then affect caecal fermentation. This study aims to investigate the effect of starter feed and alfalfa hay supplementation on caecal microbiota, immune homeostasis, and growth of preweaning yaks. Twenty 30-day-old male yak calves were randomly assigned to four groups, which separately fed with milk replacer (CON group), milk replacer with alfalfa hay (A group), milk replacer with starter feed (S group), and milk replacer with starter feed plus alfalfa hay (SA group) throughout the trial. Growth performance and plasma physiological and biochemical indicators were measured every 30 days. Calves were sacrificed at 120 days of age. The caecal contents were collected for measuring pH and contents of volatile fatty acids (VFAs) and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and for characterizing caecal microbiota. The results indicated that individual or simultaneous supplementation with alfalfa hay and starter feed all significantly increased the BW, body height, body length, and chest girth of yak calves. However, supplementation with starter feed significantly increased plasma cortisol, nitric oxide, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interferon-gamma. concentrations and the ratio of aspartate aminotransferase to alanine aminotransferase of yak calves when compared with the control and alfalfa hay feeding groups, while the co-supplementation of starter feed and alfalfa hay could significantly decrease these inflammation-related indices when compared with the starter feeding group. Sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene showed that starter feed and alfalfa hay separately stimulated the proliferation of starch-decomposing and cellulose- or hemicellulose-decomposing bacteria. This also significantly increased the levels of acetate, propionate, butyrate, valerate, isobutyrate, and isovalerate in the caecal contents. Furthermore, compared with the S and CON groups, the significantly increased genera of Desulfobulbus, Olsenella, Pseudoflavonifractor, and Stomatobaculum in the SA and A groups were beneficial to the immune homeostasis, and the significantly decreased Blautia, Clostridium IV, Bacteroides, Eubacterium, Clostridium XVIII, and Mogibacterium in the SA and A groups were related to the reduced caecal lactate and LPS contents, the decreased inflammatory reaction, and the improved healthy hepatic condition of yak calves. In conclusion, milk replacer supplemented with alfalfa hay and starter feed is recommended during preweaning to improve yak calf health and growth because this regimen promotes the growth and maintains the immune homeostasis of yak calves. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The Animal Consortium.
Effects of n-3 fatty acid supplementation from flax oil on growth performance, ruminal fermentation, and immune response in Holstein dairy calves fed either coarsely ground or steam-flaked corn grain; The current study evaluated the effect of corn grain processing method (ground corn: GC vs. steam flaked corn: SFC) with or without calcium salt of alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) from flax oil on growth performance, ruminal fermentation parameters, and inflammatory markers in Holstein dairy calves. Forty-eight female dairy calves (averaging 3 d old and 40.1 kg body weight) in a completely randomized design as following treatments; 1) GC with no n-3 FA supplementation (GC-NALA), 2) GC with 30 g/kg n-3 FA source (GC-ALA), 3) SFC with no n-3 FA supplementation (SFC-NALA), and 4) SFC with 30 g/kg n-3 FA source (SFC-ALA). The calves were weaned on d 53 but the study finished 20 d after weaning (d 73 of experiment). Results showed that when calves received SFC with n-3 FA supplementation (SFC-ALA), average daily gain (ADG) improved at preweaning; (P = 0.04) and entire period (P = 0.05). Furthermore, calves fed SFC-ALA diet had greater (P = 0.05) blood glucose concentration at pre-weaning period and OM digestibility compared to other groups. The greater (P = 0.04) blood concentrations of tumor necrosis factoralpha (TNF-alpha) and serum amyloid A (SAA; tendency; P = 0.07) at pre-weaning period were observed in calves received SFC-NALA diet than other experimental groups. Regarding the corn processing method, the ADG (post-weaning; P = 0.04), hip height (post-weaning; P = 0.04), ruminal concentration of total volatile fatty acids, and butyrate proportion (P = 0.04) increased, but ruminal acetate proportion (P = 0.02) reduced when calves received SFC compared to GC diets during pre-weaning period. Blood concentrations of TNF-alpha (P = 0.01) and SAA (P = 0.04) during pre-weaning period were lower in calves fed diets containing ALA than those fed diets without ALA. According to these results, supplemental n-3 FA improved growth performance when calves received SFC which could be related to reducing inflammatory responses.
Treatment of face and scalp solar (actinic) keratosis with daylight-mediated photodynamic therapy is possible throughout the year in Australia: Evidence from a clinical and meteorological study; Background/Objectives: Solar (actinic) keratosis (AK) is an emergent concern worldwide and is associated with an increased risk of development of non-melanoma skin cancer, especially squamous cell carcinoma. Daylight-mediated photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) using methyl aminolaevulinate cream has proved to be an effective, nearly painless, and more convenient alternative to conventional PDT for the treatment of AK. In a phase III, randomised, controlled trial performed in Australia, the mean irradiance (light intensity) received by patients during DL-PDT treatment, assessed via a spectroradiometer, was 305 W/m(2) (min. 40 to max. 585 W/m(2)) with similar efficacy irrespective of intensity or dose. The objective of the present meteorological study was to assess the suitability of natural daylight to perform DL-PDT for the treatment of face and scalp AK during different periods of the year and different geographical locations and latitudes across Australia.
Effects of silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation on reproductive performance, milk composition and haematological parameters in sows; Silymarin has been shown to be a multiple-functional plant extract having antioxidant, hepatoprotective, hypolipidemic, antihypertensive, antidiabetic and anti-obesity effects. In recent years, the galactagogue effects of silymarin in animals and humans have also been revealed. This research was conducted to test whether dietary inclusion of silymarin during transition and lactation could impact reproductive performance of sows and to explore the underlying mechanisms. From day 108 of gestation to weaning, sows were randomly assigned to receive dietary treatment of silymarin (40 g/day) or not and were designated as control group (CGP,n = 55) or treatment group (TGP,n = 55). The results showed that piglets' average daily gain and average weaning weight were higher in TGP than CGP sows. In comparison with the CGP sows, the TGP sows had higher serum concentrations of catalase (CAT) on day 18 of lactation and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) on day 7 of lactation. The TGP sows had lower concentration of TNF-alpha on day 7 of lactation and significantly lower concentration of IL-1 beta on day 18 of lactation than CGP sows. There was significantly higher serum concentration of PRL on day 7 of lactation in sows consuming silymarin than sows from the CGP group. On day 18 of lactation, the protein and urea contents in milk were significantly increased while the serum urea concentration was significantly decreased in TGP sows. In summary, our results indicate that silymarin supplementation during transition and lactation can increase circulating concentrations of PRL transiently, reduce oxidative stress, increase feed intake and enhance protein metabolism, thereby significantly increasing milk yield of sows and subsequently improving growth performance of their offsprings.
A phase III randomized, placebo-controlled study of topical amitriptyline and ketamine for chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN): a University of Rochester CCOP study of 462 cancer survivors; Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) occurs in as high as 70 % of patients receiving certain types of chemotherapy agents. The FDA has yet to approve a therapy for CIPN. The aim of this multicenter, phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was to investigate the efficacy of 2 % ketamine plus 4 % amitriptyline (KA) cream for reducing CIPN.
Milk thistle (<i>Silybum marianum</i>): A concise overview on its chemistry, pharmacological, and nutraceutical uses in liver diseases; Milk thistle (MT; Silybum marianum), a member of the Asteraceae family, is a therapeutic herb with a 2,000-year history of use. MT fruits contain a mixture of flavonolignans collectively known as silymarin, being silybin (also named silibinin) the main component. This article reviews the chemistry of MT, the pharmacokinetics and bioavailability, the pharmacologically relevant actions for liver diseases (e.g., anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating, antifibrotic, antioxidant, and liver-regenerating properties) as well as the clinical potential in patients with alcoholic liver disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, viral hepatitis, drug-induced liver injury, and mushroom poisoning. Overall, literature data suggest that, despite encouraging preclinical data, further well-designed randomized clinical trials are needed to fully substantiate the real value of MT preparations in liver diseases.
Topical simvastatin-cholesterol for disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis: An open-label, split-body clinical trial; Background/Objectives: Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis (DSAP) is a porokeratosis variant that is cosmetically disfiguring and may be associated with squamous cell carcinoma. It is an autosomal dominant condition caused by germline mutations in mevalonate pathway genes involved in cholesterol synthesis. Lesions are precipitated by ultraviolet radiation-induced second-hit mutations. Modulation of this pathway by topical simvastatin-cholesterol may lead to improvement.
Dietary supplementation of laminarin improves the reproductive performance of sows and the growth of suckling piglets; Background Maternal nutrition is essential in keeping a highly efficient production system in the pig industry. Laminarin has been shown to improve antioxidant capacity, reduce the inflammatory response, and favor the homeostasis of intestinal microbiota. However, the effect of dietary supplementation of laminarin on the reproductive performance of sows and the growth of suckling offspring remains unknown.
Can routinely recorded reproductive events be used as indicators of disease emergence in dairy cattle? An evaluation of 5 indicators during the emergence of bluetongue virus in France in 2007 and 2008; In response to increasing risks of emerging infectious diseases, syndromic surveillance can be a suitable approach to detect outbreaks of such diseases across a large territory in an early phase. To implement a syndromic surveillance system, the primary challenge is to find appropriate health-related data. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether routinely collected dates of reproductive events in dairy cattle could be used to build indicators of health anomalies for syndromic surveillance. The evaluation was performed on data collected in France between 2003 and 2009. First, a set of 5 indicators was proposed to assess several types of reproductive disorders. For each indicator, the demographic coverage over the total number of cattle at risk was analyzed in time and space. Second, the ability to detect an emerging disease in an early phase was retrospectively evaluated during epidemics of bluetongue serotypes 1 and 8 (BTV-1, BTV-8) in France in 2007 and 2008. Reproductive indicators were analyzed weekly during these epidemics for each indicator in each infected French district (16 in 2007 and 50 in 2008 out of 94 districts). The indicators were able to detect the BTV epidemics despite their low demographic coverage on a weekly basis relatively to total number of cattle (median = 1.21%; range = 0-11.7%). Four indicators related to abortions, late embryonic death, and short gestations were abnormally elevated during both BTV epidemics. Median times to abnormal elevations in these indicators were 20 to 71 d after the first notification of clinical signs of BTV by veterinarians. These results demonstrate that reproduction data can be used as indicators of disease emergences, whereas in the specific case of these BTV epidemics, detection via these indicators was later than clinical detection by veterinarians. The emergence of bluetongue in 2007 in France was associated with gestations that were a few days shorter than expected. A short gestation indicator underwent high elevations relative to prior random fluctuations and was the earliest (out of the 4 indicators) to show abnormal elevations, making it possible to detect this emergence.
Vehicle-controlled, randomized, double-blind study to assess safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream applied once daily 3 days per week in one or two courses of treatment of actinic keratoses on the head; Background Imiquimod has been investigated as a safe and effective therapeutic option for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK).
Systematic review of antimicrobial treatments for diabetic foot ulcers; Background Foot ulcers in diabetes are associated with increased mortality, and reduced quality of life. Ulcer infection impairs healing and antimicrobial interventions may cure infection, aid healing and reduce amputation rates.
Effect on the growth rate and immune status in neonatal camel calves under different feeding practices; The present study was conducted in 18 newly born camel calves, which were maintained under colostrum feeding for first 3-4 days and later on milk from their respective dams ad lib until 3 months of age. The calves were divided randomly into 3 groups of 6 each. The group I and III calves were fed on colostrum and milk by natural Sucking method of all the 4 teats. Group II calves were maintained by natural sucking method but On Only One lateral side. The Group Ill (treated group) received an herbal immunomodulator (trade name: RESTOBAL*) (c) 20ml per os daily for 5 days at 45 days of age. The immune status was measured in the neonatal camel calves immediately after birth, at 12 hourly intervals till 3 days, at weekly intervals till 4(th) week and fortnightly intervals till 3 months. The body weight in the camel calves was recorded immediately after birth, 3 days and later on as per the periods mentioned above. The results indicated improvement in immune status and average growth rate (based on improvement in body weight) in treated calves from 2 to 3 months of age compared to group I and II. This suggests that apart from feeding milk alone to camel calves till 3 months of age some supplements/immunomodulators must be given for better growth rate and the camel calves should be made to suckle all the 4 teats.
Effects of milk product intake on thigh muscle strength and <i>NFKB</i> gene methylation during home-based interval walking training in older women: A randomized, controlled pilot study; Background
A Single Meal Containing Raw, Crushed Garlic Influences Expression of Immunity- and Cancer-Related Genes in Whole Blood of Humans; Background: Preclinical and epidemiologic studies suggest that garlic intake is inversely associated with the progression of cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Silver Clear Nylon Dressing is Effective in Preventing Radiation-Induced Dermatitis in Patients With Lower Gastrointestinal Cancer: Results From a Phase III Study; Purpose: For patients with anal canal and advanced rectal cancer, chemoradiation therapy is a curative modality or an important adjunct to surgery. Nearly all patients treated with chemoradiation experience some degree of radiation-induced dermatitis (RID). Prevention and effective treatment of RID, therefore, is of considerable clinical relevance. The present phase III randomized trial compared the efficacy of silver clear nylon dressing (SCND) with that of standard skin care for these patients.
Use of Topical Calcipotriol Plus 5-Fluorouracil in the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis: A Systematic Review; Background: Actinic Keratosis (AK) is a premalignant lesion that can progress to cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). Topical 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) and imiquimod have been used for field-directed therapy for AK; however, their use is limited by intolerable skin reactions and long treatment durations.
Intramammary infusion of lipopolysaccharide promotes inflammation and alters endometrial gene expression in lactating Holstein cows; The objective of the current study was to evaluate the effects of 2 intramammary infusions of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) on inflammatory and reproductive parameters and endometrial gene expression of lactating Holstein cows. At 35 perpendicular to 7 d in milk, 20 cows were submitted to a Double Ovsynch program and randomly assigned to control (n = 11) and LPS (n = 9) treatments. Cows from the LPS treatment received 2 intramammary infusions of 25 mu g of LPS after morning milking on d 5 and 10 post-AI, whereas control cows were infused with only saline. Blood samples were taken and ultrasound scanning of the ovaries was performed during the entire study before and after AI to determine haptoglobin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and progesterone concentrations as well as response to the hormonal protocol and corpus luteum diameter. Milk yield was evaluated and samples were taken for somatic cell count at 0, 10, 24, 34, and 96 h relative to each infusion. Rumen-reticular temperature was recorded using a rumen-reticular bolus logger and summarized hourly. On d 15 post-AI, uterine flushing for conceptus recovery and endometrial biopsies were performed. Samples of endometrium from cows with positive embryo recovery (control = 5; LPS = 6) were submitted to mRNA extraction and quantitative reverse-transcription PCR analysis of 96 target genes. Haptoglobin concentrations in plasma were greater for LPS treatment (control = 0.24 perpendicular to 0.07, LPS = 0.89 perpendicular to 0.06 optical density), but tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were similar (control = 0.67 perpendicular to 0.11, LPS = 0.46 perpendicular to 0.11 ng/mL) between treatments. Lipopolysaccharide reduced milk yield after treatment (control = 34.3 perpendicular to 1.5, LPS = 29.4 perpendicular to 1.6 kg/d), whereas somatic cell count (log) was greater in LPS-treated cows until 34 h after infusions (control = 2.3 perpendicular to 0.1, LPS = 3.3 perpendicular to 0.1 cells/mL of milk). Rumen-reticular temperature of LPS cows was elevated between 5 and 10 h after each infusion compared with control cows (control = 39.5 +/- 0.1, LPS = 40.1 +/- 0.1 degrees C). Progesterone concentration after AI was unaffected by treatment or pregnancy status as well as corpus luteum diameter and conceptus length on d 15. Lipopolysaccharide treatment altered the expression of 13 key genes in the endometrium (mostly upregulated), whereas another 17 tended to be modulated. Modified gene expression included genes related to immune response (PTX3 = 2.34-fold increase; IL6 = 3.42-fold increase; and TCN1 = 2.52-fold increase), adhesion molecules (CADM3 = 1.93-fold increase; MMP19 = 1.49-fold increase; EMMPRIN = 1.20-fold increase; SELL = 1.91-fold increase), Wnt signaling pathway (WNT2, FZD4, and FZD7, all < 1.5-fold increase), and interferon-stimulated genes (BMP15 = 0.27-fold decrease; ISG15 = 2.17-fold increase, and MX2 = 2.23-fold increase). In summary, intramammary infusions of LPS were able to trigger an inflammatory response with no effect on corpus luteum diameter and concentration of progesterone in plasma. However, a limited but important set of modulations in the endometrium gene expression at d 15 of gestation was found.
DIETARY INTERVENTION IN BREAST-CANCER PATIENTS - EFFECTS ON FOOD CHOICE; Effects of dietary intervention on food choice were studied in 240 women aged 50-65 years who had been operated for a stage I-II breast cancer. Following surgery, the women participated in a dietary history interview and were then randomized to one of two groups. The intervention group (n=121) received individual dietary counselling aimed at reducing dietary fat intake to 20-25% energy (E%), whereas no dietary advice was given to women in the control group (n=119). For the 52% of the women in the intervention group that completed the study the total fat intake decreased from 36 to 23 E% (P less-than-or-equal-to 0.01) and from 37 to 34 E% (P less-than-or-equal-to 0.01) for the control group. There were significant reductions in the intake of table fat, high-fat milk products, pork and sausages (containing > 11% fat), eggs, rice, pasta, cakes and chocolate for the intervention group. Concurrently the intake of vegetables, fruits, potatoes, bread, cereals, low-fat milk products, low-fat meat, sausages and fish increased significantly. For the control group there was a significant decrease in the consumption of total milk products, total meats, rice, pasta, cakes, and butter intake while the consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals and fish increased (P less-than-or-equal-to 0.01). Reduction of high-fat foods and increases of carbohydrate-rich foods were more prounounced for the intervention group than for the control group. Formal education influenced dietary changes, and dietary counselling should therefore ideally be adapted to education level. This study showed that dietary counselling can bring about significant changes in consumption of high-fat foods for at least a 2-year period for women operated for breast cancer.
Dietary milk fat globule membrane supplementation during late gestation increased the growth of neonatal piglets by improving their plasma parameters, intestinal barriers, and fecal microbiota; Milk fat globule membrane (MFGM), mainly comprising protein and fat, has been reported to have multiple biological functions for relieving intestinal inflammation and enhancing growth performance. We hypothesized that MFGM supplementation into sows' diet during late gestation can have a positive impact on the intestinal microecology of sows and their piglets, as well as on the growth of neonates. Therefore, the present study was conducted to investigate such effects and their potential mechanisms. Twenty-two pregnant sows were selected and randomly divided into the CON group (basal diet) and MFGM group (basal diet supplemented with 9.9 g per day MFGM). The feeding period began from d 85 of gestation and until farrowing. The concentrations of albumin (ALB), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) in plasma and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces of sows from the MFGM group were determined. The concentrations of growth hormone (GH), immunoglobulin A (IgA), glucose (GLU), and NEFA in the umbilical cord blood in the MFGM group were significantly higher than those in the CON group. Piglets from the MFGM group showed improved growth performance, increased villus height in the jejunum, decreased crypt depth in the duodenum and jejunum, upregulated mRNA expressions of tight junctions (namely, Occludin; Claudin-1, Claudin-2, and Claudin-4; zonulin-1 (ZO-1)); mucins such as Mucin 2, Mucin 4, Mucin 13, and Mucin 20; and immune-related genes, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interferon-gamma (INF-gamma), interleukin-22 (IL-22), toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2), and toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). In addition, the abundance of Prevotella in the feces of sows at farrowing and the abundance of Christensenellaceae_R-7_group in the feces of 21 day-old piglets from the MFGM group were significantly higher. Further correlation analysis revealed that the Christensenellaceae_R-7_group was positively correlated with the relative mRNA expressions of Occludin, Claudin-1, Claudin-2, Claudin-4, Mucin 13, TLR2, and TLR4. In conclusion, MFGM supplementation during late gestation improved the physiological status of sows by improving their plasma parameters and intestinal microecology. The improved provision of nutrients through the umbilical cord blood and optimized microbiota colonization in neonatal piglets were beneficial to the intestinal morphological structure and barrier functions, consequently improving the growth performance of neonates during lactation. These findings provide insights into the future applications of MFGM with regard to maternal-fetal nutrition and a new option for nutritional intervention of neonates through maternal dietary manipulation.
EXPOSURE TO BREAST-MILK IN INFANCY AND THE RISK OF BREAST-CANCER; Early childhood nutrition may affect the subsequent risk of breast cancer in adulthood. We examined the association of having been breastfed with risk of breast cancer in a case-control study of women age 40-85 years in western New York. Cases (N = 528) had newly diagnosed primary, pathologically confirmed breast cancer; controls (N = 602) were randomly selected from the same community and were frequency matched on age. Having been breastfed was associated with decreased risk. The multivariate adjusted odds ratio was 0.74, and the 95% confidence interval was 0.56-0.99. We found little difference in the association for pre- and post-menopausal women despite a much higher frequency of breastfeeding among the older women. These findings indicate that early nutriture in general and bottle feeding in particular may relate to breast cancer development in adulthood.
Cholecalciferol Plus Calcium Suppresses Abnormal PBMC Reactivity in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis; Context: The active metabolite of vitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25(OH)(2)D], is a potent modulator of immune cells in vitro.
Pharmacoeconomic evaluation of calcipotriol (Daivonex®/Dovonex®) and UVB phototherapy in the treatment of psoriasis:: A Markov model for the Netherlands; Background: The high prevalence and chronic nature of psoriasis leads to high costs in relation to the treatment and control of the disease. A number of clinical trials have shown that a combination therapy of calcipotriol cream (Daivonex(R)/Dovonex(R), Leo Pharmaceutical Products) and ultraviolet B phototherapy (UVB) decreases the total number of UVB exposures required compared to UVB treatment alone. From a societal point of view, the addition of calcipotriol to UVB therapy could achieve cost savings due to the fewer UVB treatments needed and the reduced travelling and time off work for patients. Fewer UVB exposures may also have other beneficial effects, i.e., shortened waiting lists and less risk to patients of developing cancer or photoaging of the skin. Objective: To compare the cost-effectiveness of treating psoriatic patients in the Netherlands with calcipotriol cream used daily combined with twice weekly UVB treatments to emollient used daily combined with UVB given 3 times weekly. Methods: Based on the clinical results from a Canadian trial, a decision-analytical model was constructed to simulate treatment outcomes and estimate the costs of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a period of 20 weeks from initiation of therapy. Unit costs and details of standard treatment protocols were collected from Dutch dermatology centres in hospitals and the community for use in the model. Other therapies, such as topical corticosteroids, tar or dithranol were not investigated in this analysis. Results: The total cost of managing psoriatic patients in the Netherlands over a 20-week period is estimated as EUR 1,175.90 for those treated with calcipotriol and UVB and EUR 1,212.14 for patients treated with emollient and UVB. Thus, the former treatment, adding calcipotriol to UVB phototherapy, provides a minor cost saving of EUR 36.24 (3%) compared to the cost of UVB treatment alone. Sensitivity analyses demonstrated that these results are sensitive to changes in the cost of UVB treatment. Conclusion: Calcipotriol treatment combined with UVB phototherapy is a cost-neutral alternative to UVB phototherapy used with an emollient. The patients achieve treatment success in the same time on both treatments but the former, with calcipotriol, requires less exposure to UVB radiation. The additional drug costs from using calcipotriol are offset by savings from the fewer UVB sessions required. Essential beneficial effects for patients are less inconvenience, less risk of developing photoaging of the skin and less exposure to potentially carcinogenic radiations. Copyright (C) 2001 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Interaction of human lactoferrin with cell adhesion molecules through RGD motif elucidated by lactoferrin-binding epitopes; Lactoferrin (LF) is an iron-binding secretory protein, which is distributed in the secondary granules of polynuclear lymphocytes as well as in the milk produced by female mammals. Although it has multiple functions, for example antimicrobial, immunomodulatory, antiviral, and anti-tumor metastasis activities, the receptors responsible for these activities are not fully understood. In this study, the binding epitopes for human LF were first isolated from a hexameric random peptide library displayed on T7 phage. Interestingly, two of the four isolated peptides had a representative cell adhesion motif, Arg-Gly-Asp (RGD), implying that human LF interacts with proteins with the RGD motif. We found that human LF bound to the RGD-containing human extracellular matrix proteins, fibronectin and vitronectin. Furthermore, human LF inhibited cell adhesion to these matrix proteins in a concentration-dependent manner but not to the RGD-independent cell adhesion molecule like laminin or collagen. These results indicate that a function of human LF is to block the various interactions between the cell surface and adhesion molecules. This may explain the multifunctionality of LF.
Performance of commercial broilers when fed various levels of rendered whole-hen meal; In each of two experiments, approximately 1200 straight-run broiler chicks were fed 0, 4, 8, or 12% rendered whole hen meal (RHM) to determine its effectiveness and acceptability as a nutrient source from hatch to 6 wk of age. Approximately 2,275 kg of commercial laying hen mortality losses were collected, frozen, and stored over a 3-wk period. The birds were rendered at a commercial facility, stabilized, sampled, analyzed, dried, and stored again by freezing. Based on sample analysis and moisture content, diets were computer-formulated to be isocaloric and equivalent in as many nutrients as possible. Fat, fiber, arginine, and tryptophan levels varied slightly within age-related diet groups. The diets were consumed ad libitum from hatch to either 41 (Experiment 1) or 42 (Experiment 2) d.
Cost-effectiveness of topical imiquimod and fluorouracil vs. photodynamic therapy for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma; Background A recent noninferiority randomized trial showed that in terms of clinical effectiveness imiquimod was superior and topical fluorouracil noninferior to methylaminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) for treatment of superficial basal-cell carcinoma (sBCC). Although it was expected that MAL-PDT would be more costly than either cream, a full cost-effectiveness analysis is necessary to determine the balance between effectiveness and costs.
Dietary Patterns in Relation to Low Bone Mineral Density and Fracture Risk: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Low bone mineral density (BMD) and osteoporosis-related fractures constitute a considerable public health burden. Several studies have demonstrated the association between diet and bone health. We performed a systematic review to provide an estimate of the association between different dietary patterns defined through the use of a posteriori methods and fracture or low BMD risk. A literature search on PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases, up toMarch 2018, was performed to identify all eligible case-control, prospective, or cross-sectional studies involving subjects of both sexes and any age. Random-effects models were used. Heterogeneity and publication bias were evaluated. Stratified analyses were conducted on study characteristics. The meta-analysis includes 20 studies and identifies 3 prevalent dietary patterns: "Healthy," "Milk/dairy," and "Meat/Western." From the 10 studies on fracture, adherence to the "Healthy" pattern reduced the risk, particularly in older people (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.95; P = 0.011) and in Eastern countries (OR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.97; P = 0.037), whereas the risk increased with the " Meat/Western" pattern, especially for older people (OR: 1.11; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.18, P = 0.001), in those with hip fractures (OR: 1.15; 95% CI: 1.05, 1.25; P= 0.002), and in Western countries (OR: 1.10; 95% CI: 1.07, 1.14; P < 0.0001). Analyses on low BMD showed a reduced risk in the "Healthy" pattern, particularly for younger people (OR: 0.62; 95% CI: 0.44, 0.89; P = 0.009). The "Meat/Western" pattern increased low BMD risk, especially in older people (OR: 1.31; 95% CI: 1.05, 1.64; P= 0.015). The "Milk/dairy" pattern resulted in the strongest reduction in low BMD risk; when stratifying, this effect remained significant (e.g., older women-OR: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.46, 0.70; P < 0.0001). Nutrition is an important modifiable factor affecting bone health. The "Healthy" and "Milk/dairy" patterns are associated with a reduced risk of low BMD and fracture. In contrast, the "Western" pattern is inversely associated.
The Overall Number of Actinic Keratosis Lesions Is Not Predictable by the Number of Visible Lesions: Consequences for Field-Directed Therapies; Actinic keratoses are keratotic lesions occurring on skin areas extensively damaged by sunlight. Using data from a previously published Phase III randomized, controlled clinical trial in patients with at least 5 actinic keratoses, we explored the potential link between the number of visible actinic keratosis lesions before any treatment and the total number of lesions of the field cancerization as revealed by 5-fluorouracil cream. Our analysis suggests that the baseline number of visible actinic keratoses is a poor indicator of the real number of lesions in the field of cancerization, reinforcing the need to explain the field cancerization concept to patients. (C) 2022 Elsevier HS Journals, Inc. (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc.
Exploring the effects of added sugar labels on food purchasing behaviour in Australian parents: An online randomised controlled trial; Background
Evaluation of some etiological factors predisposing to diarrhoea in lambs in "La Serena" (Southwest Spain); This study compares some etiological factors involved in the naturally occurrence of lamb scours in 18 Merino sheep farms randomly selected in the area of "La Serena" (Southwest Spain).
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Prebiotics supplementation modulates pre-weaning stress in male cattle calves by improving growth performance, health scores and serum biomarkers; Neonatal calves are prone to gastrointestinal infections and microbial dysbiosis that lead to high morbidity and mortality. Prebiotics can be used to mitigate the adverse effects of gut diseases and microbial dysbiosis. Forty male Holstein-Friesian calves (2 +/- 1 day old) were divided into four dietary treatments: control (milk without prebiotics), YCW-2, YCW-4 (milk containing 2 or 4 g/day/calf of yeast cell wall, respectively), and cMOS (milk containing commercial mannan-oligosaccharides 4 g/day/calf). Milk intake, feed intake, and health scores were recorded daily, whereas body weight, dry matter intake (DMI), and body measurements were recorded weekly. Feed efficiency (FE) was determined at the end of the trial (eight weeks). Cell-mediated immunity (CMI) was assessed by the topical application of dinitrochlorobenzene. Blood samples were collected fortnightly to determine glucose, non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), and beta-hydroxybutyric acid (3HBA). Cell wall supplemented calves had significantly higher (P < 0.05) final body weights, DMI, and body measurements along with improved (P < 0.05) faecal scores. Feed intake was higher (P < 0.05) in both the YCW-supplemented calves. Glucose was lower (P < 0.001), whereas BUN and 3HBA were significantly higher in the YCW-2 animals. No differences were observed in FE, CMI, and NEFA between all the experimental animals. The yeast cell wall (2 g) may have the potential to improve the growth performance and health status of neonatal calves.
Effects of group size on the behaviour, heart rate, immunity, and growth of Holstein dairy calves; This study investigated the effect of group size on the behaviour, heart rate, immunity, and growth of Holstein calves. A total of 132 calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatments from birth to 46 days of age. These included single housed (S) or group housed with three (G3), six (G6), or twelve calves (G12) with six replicates for each. Behavioural responses were observed at 15, 30, and 45 days of age, and then physiological activities, including heart rate (HR) and saliva secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA) levels, were measured. The serum immune indices of interleukin-2 (IL-2), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and growth were measured at 16, 31, and 46 days of age. Group-housed calves exhibited significantly increased self-grooming, allogrooming, locomotive play, social play, exploration, standing, and walking behaviours and decreased lying behaviour (P < 0.05). In contrast, S calves exhibited increased tongue-rolling behaviour than group-housed calves (P < 0.05). However, there was no significant HR difference among the treatments, except for G12 calves at 15 days of age, which yielded the highest HR (118.13 +/- 10.73 times/min; P < 0.05) level. Levels of saliva secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA) were highest in G12 calves (28.69 +/- 1.58 ng/mL), which first decreased and then considerably increased as the S calves (27.41 +/- 1.09, 20.60 +/- 1.36, and 26.79 +/- 1.31 ng/mL; P < 0.05) increased in age. Concentrations of serum IL-2, IL-6, and TNT-alpha in the group-housed calves were higher than those in the S group (P < 0.05). Body weight (BW) in G12 calves was lower than that of other groups (57.25 +/- 1.50 kg; P < 0.05). S calves displayed lower voluntary solid feed intake (VFI) and higher body length (BL) than grouped calves (2.02 +/- 0.20 kg, 84.32 +/- 0.83 cm; P < 0.05). The withers height (WH) was higher in S and G3 calves than G6 and G12 calves at 46 days of age (90.23 +/- 2.21, 89.65 +/- 2.18 cm vs 87.88 +/- 1.59, 87.25 +/- 1.53 cm; P < 0.05). Taken together, our study suggests that before weaning, group-housed calves exhibit more natural behaviours, higher levels of immunity, and solid feed intake than solitary calves.
A Randomized Trial of Mometasone Furoate 0.1% to Reduce High-Grade Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients Receiving Postmastectomy Radiation; Purpose: A 2-arm, double-blinded randomized trial was conducted to evaluate the efficacy of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MF) versus Eucerin Original (E) cream in preventing the development of moderate to severe acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in breast cancer patients receiving postmastectomy radiation (PMRT).
<i>Short communication</i>: Investigation of antibiotic alternatives to improve health and growth of veal calves; The inherent disease susceptibility of veal calves results in frequent antimicrobial use. Improvements in antimicrobial stewardship necessitate alternative therapies to improve calf health and growth, while reducing the need for antimicrobials important to human health. This study investigated the effect of 2 alternative therapies, lactoferrin (an iron-binding protein found in colostrum) and cinnamaldehyde (an essential oil of the cinnamon plant) on growth, disease incidence, and mortality risk in special-fed veal calves. On the day of arrival to the growing facility (3 to 7 d of age), calves (n = 80 per treatment) were randomized to 1 of 3 treatments: (1) control (no supplement), (2) lactoferrin (1 g/d in milk replacer for 7 d), or (3) cinnamaldehyde (1 g/d in milk replacer for 21 d). Body weight was measured on the day of arrival (d 0), 21, and 42 d postarrival. Health assessments were performed twice weekly through 21 d, and mortality records were obtained through 6 wk postarrival. A repeated-measures ANOVA was used to compare growth between treatment groups, and a Poisson regression model (PROC GENMOD, SAS v. 9.4, SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC) was used to test differences between groups in the incidence of diarrhea (fecal score >= 2 with and without depression and temperature) and disease through 3 wk postarrival. Body weight and average daily gain were similar between treatments. Neither lactoferrin nor cinnamaldehyde had an effect on diarrhea incidence. However, the risk of navel inflammation was significantly lower for calves that received cinnamaldehyde compared with calves in the control group. Mortality through 6 wk postarrival was low, with 4, 1, and 0 deaths from the control, lactoferrin, and cinnamaldehyde treatment groups, respectively. Additional research is needed to investigate various doses of these alternative therapies on calf health and growth, in addition to different routes of administration.
Efficacy of Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate in Preventing Dermatitis in Patients With Breast Cancer Receiving Postoperative Radiotherapy A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Safe and effective prophylactic therapies for radiation-induced dermatitis (RID) remain an unmet need.
Efficacy of heparinoid moisturizer as a prophylactic agent for radiation dermatitis following radiotherapy after breast-conserving surgery: a randomized controlled trial; Background: The application of heparinoid moisturizer for 2 weeks following whole-breast radiotherapy (WBRT) was previously reported to significantly increase skin water content (WC) and help improve skin dryness and desquamation. The prospective open-label, randomized trial included an exploratory arm to investigate the preventive efficacy of heparinoid moisturizer for acute radiation dermatitis (ARD).
Management of superficial basal cell carcinoma: focus on imiquimod; Superficial basal cell carcinoma comprise up to 25% of all histological sub-types. They are more likely to occur on younger persons and females and although generally more common on the trunk, also occur frequently on the exposed areas of the head and neck especially in areas of high sun exposure. In the last decade, new treatment options such as topical applications that modify the immune response have been trialed for effectiveness in treating these lesions. Imiquimod 5% cream has been shown to stimulate the innate and cell mediated immune system. The short-term success of imiquimod 5% cream in randomized controlled trials comparing different treatment regimes and dosing as a treatment for small superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC) not on the face or neck is in the range of 82%for 5 times per week application. A high proportion of participants with good response rates to topical treatment (58%-92%) experience local side effects such as itching and burning, less commonly erosion and ulceration, but the proportion of participants ceasing treatment has not been high. To date one long-term study indicates a treatment success rate of 78%-81% and that initial response is a predictor of long-term outcome. Recurrences tend to occur within the first year after treatment. Future research will compare this preparation to the gold standard treatment for superficial BCC-surgical excision.
Efficacy and safety of Chinese medicine injections in combination with docetaxel and cisplatin for non-small cell lung cancer: a network meta-analysis; Background: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) poses a serious threat to human health. Several clinical studies have reported the benefits of Chinese herbal injections (CHIs) in combination with docetaxel and cisplatin (DP). This multidimensional network meta-analysis aimed to investigate the preferred regimen of CHIs in combination with DP for the treatment of NSCLC.Methods: Multiple databases were searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of CHIs for NSCLC from the database inception to 30 April 2023. Studies that met the inclusion criteria and exhibited good methodological quality were included. Data analysis was conducted using Stata 15.0 and R 4.2.1 software. An odds ratio (OR) was used as the effect size, and the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SCURA) was employed to rank the evaluated treatments.Results: The network meta-analysis included 85 eligible RCTs, encompassing 6,580 patients and 11 CHIs. Astragalus Injection combined with DP was identified as the most effective regimen for improving the response rate (SUCRAs: 90.25%). Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection combined with DP proved most effective in ameliorating the quality of life (SUCRAs: 76.89%). Shenfu Injection combined with DP emerged as the most effective for enhancing CD3+ and CD4+ (SUCRAs: 93.75%, 88.50%). Kanglaite Injection combined with DP exhibited the best efficacy in improving CD8+ (SUCRAs: 88.96%). Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection combined with DP was the most potent regimen for enhancing CD4+/CD8+ (SUCRAs: 93.13%).Conclusion: CHIs in combination with DP outperformed DP alone in NSCLC patients. Astragalus Injection plus DP, Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection plus DP, Shenfu Injection plus DP, Kanglaite Injection plus DP, and Brucea Javanica Oil Milk Injection plus DP were significantly effective. However, further multicenter and well-designed RCTs are required to validate our findings.
Bovine hepatic and adipose retinol-binding protein gene expression and relationship with tumor necrosis factor-α; Retinol-binding protein (RBP) is the main transport system for retinol in circulation, is a relatively small protein with one binding site for retinol in the all-trans form, and is bound to transthyretin. The objectives of this study were to characterize the temporal pattern of bovine hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period and to determine if a relationship exists between the expression of RBP and that of tumor necrosis factor ( TNF)-alpha in dairy cows. In experiment 1, we assessed hepatic mRNA expression of RBP during the periparturient period. Liver tissues were sampled from periparturient dairy cows (n = 9) at 21, 4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition and frozen in liquid N-2. Total RNA was extracted from each tissue sample and cDNA was generated. Gene expressions of RBP and beta-actin (as a housekeeping gene) were measured as relative quantity using reverse transcription-PCR. Data were analyzed using cycle threshold values, adjusted to (beta-actin, and significance was determined at P < 0.05. Serum samples (-21, -4, +1, +7, and +21 relative to parturition) were analyzed for retinol concentration using a standard HPLC-based method. Cows had variable expression of hepatic RBP and serum retinol over the transition period, with a decline near parturition and a rebound toward prepartum levels later in lactation. In experiment 2, liver and visceral (intestinal) adipose tissues were sampled from dairy cows (n = 28) at slaughter. Expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was detected in all samples and variations among cows were highly significant for both genes. Across tissues, expression of RBP was positively correlated with that of TNF-alpha (r = 0.60). Within adipose tissue, expression of RBP and TNF-alpha was weakly correlated (r = 0.23), whereas in hepatic tissue, expression was strongly correlated (r = 0.62). In experiment 3, late-lactation dairy Holstein cows were blocked by parity and feed intake, and randomly assigned to control, recombinant bovine (rb)TNF challenge, or pair-fed control treatment (n = 5/treatment). Cows were injected with either rbTNF (subcutaneous injection of 2 mu g/kg of body weight in saline) or sterile saline (control and pair-fed control animals) once daily for 7 d. Liver biopsy was performed on d 7 and samples were processed for expression of RBP and TNF-alpha. Although TNF challenge caused an upregulation of hepatic TNF-alpha expression, as expected, it did not alter hepatic RBP expression. Overall, the temporal pattern of hepatic RBP gene expression during the periparturient period followed, to a great extent, that of plasma retinol. Although a strong positive correlation was previously detected between bovine hepatic RBP and TNF-alpha transcripts, rbTNF challenge did not cause alter RBP expression. These observations collectively imply that regulation of RBP at the transcription level is influenced by physiological state but may be independent from that of transthyretin, which is altered by proinflammatory stimuli (such as TNF-alpha) via induction of transcription factor nuclear factor-interleukin 6.
THE EFFECT OF REGULAR SUNSCREEN USE ON VITAMIN-D LEVELS IN AN AUSTRALIAN POPULATION - RESULTS OF A RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIAL; Background end Design: Studies published have suggested a possibility that regular use of sunscreen to prevent skin cancer may put the population, particularly elderly people, at risk of vitamin D deficiency. We aimed to determine whether regular use of sunscreens in the normal adult population, as recommended by public health authorities for the prevention of skin cancer, may put individuals at risk of vitamin D deficiency. A randomized double-blind control trial of the daily use of a broad-spectrum sunscreen (sun protection factor [SPF] 17) vs placebo cream over a summer period in Australia was conducted in 113 people aged 40 years and over, with sampling stratified by age. All participants had at least one solar keratosis. Serum samples taken at the beginning and at the end of the study were analyzed for 25-hydroxyvitamin D-3 and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3.
The Effect of Diet on Breast Cancer Recurrence: The DIANA-5 Randomized Trial; Purpose: The DIANA-5 randomized controlled trial assessed the effectiveness of a diet based on Mediterranean and macrobiotic traditions (macro-Mediterranean diet) in reducing breast cancer recurrence.Patients and Methods: The DIANA-5 study involved 1,542 patients with breast cancer at high risk of recurrence because of estrogen receptor-negative cancer, or metabolic syndrome, or high plasma levels of insulin or testosterone. Women were randomly assigned to an active dietary intervention (IG) or a control group (CG). Both groups received the 2007 American Institute for Cancer Research/World Cancer Research Fund recommendations for cancer prevention. The intervention consisted of meetings with kitchen classes, community meals, and dietary recommendations. Recommended foods included whole grain cereals, legumes, soy products, vegetables, fruit, nuts, olive oil, and fish. Foods to be avoided were refined products, potatoes, sugar and desserts, red and processed meat, dairy products, and alcoholic drinks. A compliance Dietary Index was defined by the difference between recommended and discouraged foods.Results: Over the 5 years of follow-up, 95 patients of the IG and 98 of the CG developed breast cancer recurrence [HR = 0.99; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.69-1.40]. The analysis by compliance to the dietary recommendations (IG and CG together) showed that the women in the upper tertile of Dietary Index change had an HR of recurrence of 0.59 (95% CI: 0.36-0.92) compared with women in the lower tertile.Conclusions: The DIANA-5 dietary intervention trial failed to show a reduction in breast cancer recurrence, although self-reported diet at year 1 in IG and CG combined showed a protective association with the higher Dietary Index change. See related commentary by McTiernan, p. 931Conclusions: The DIANA-5 dietary intervention trial failed to show a reduction in breast cancer recurrence, although self-reported diet at year 1 in IG and CG combined showed a protective association with the higher Dietary Index change. See related commentary by McTiernan, p. 931
Intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fatty acids and risk of all cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; OBJECTIVE
Dietary Acid Load and Predialysis Serum Bicarbonate Levels in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease; Objectives: Maintaining the predialysis serum bicarbonate at a recommended level is critical in patients undergoing hemodialysis. Therefore, the present study investigated the association between dietary acid load (DAL) and serum predialysis bicarbonate levels in patients with end-stage renal disease.Methods: Adult patients undergoing hemodialysis were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. Diet was assessed using a semiquan-titative food frequency questionnaire. DAL was calculated with 2 validated indices: potential renal acid load (PRAL) and net endogenous acid production (NEAP). Values regarding predialysis serum bicarbonate level and serum electrolytes were obtained from the partici-pant's medical records. The multiple linear regression analysis was used to determine the association between DAL indices and pre -dialysis serum bicarbonate level.Results: The number of hemodialysis patients eligible for this study was 122. The participants' mean age and body mass index was 57.14 +/- 3.8 years and 25.2 +/- 4.9 kg/m2, respectively. About 65.6% of participants were male. The mean serum levels of predialysis bicarbonate were 21.59 +/- 3.1 mEq/L. Also, 47.5% of patients had predialysis serum bicarbonate levels below the recommended value. The mean values of PRAL and NEAP were -2.8 +/- 7.48 and 42.7 +/- 10.1 mEq/day, respectively. PRAL significantly and inversely pre-dicted predialysis serum bicarbonate level independent of covariates (standardized b = -0.38; P < .001). Also, NEAP was indepen-dently and inversely associated with predialysis bicarbonate level (standardized b = -0.40; P < .001). Consuming vegetables such as lettuce, tomato, cucumber, spinach, and dried fruits as well as low-fat milk, plain yogurt, and cream cheese were positively correlated to predialysis serum bicarbonate level. However, the canned tuna had a negative correlation with the predialysis serum bicarbonate.Conclusions: The study's findings showed that the lower DAL was associated with higher predialysis serum bicarbonate levels in patients with end-stage renal disease. Due to the cross-sectional nature of the present study, prospective cohorts or well-controlled clinical trials are needed to confirm our result.
Placebo-Controlled Trial to Determine the Effectiveness of a Urea/Lactic Acid-Based Topical Keratolytic Agent for Prevention of Capecitabine-Induced Hand-Foot Syndrome: North Central Cancer Treatment Group Study N05C5; Purpose
Probiotics: Functionality and commercial status; Probiotics in the form of fermented milk products have been consumed for centuries. In this century various health benefits have been purported to result from consumption of foods containing live microorganisms, particularly lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Probiotics can provide relief for lactose intolerant individuals and reduce bouts of diarrhea. Evidence for other claims such as lowering serum cholesterol, suppressing cancer and stimulating the immune system remains to be clearly established by conducting well-controlled, statistically-valid clinical trials. Although the benefits to healthy individuals are uncertain, many consumers especially in Japan and Europe, perceive probiotic products to be healthful, and sales are robust. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
Early Neonatal Feeding Is Common and Associated with Subsequent Breastfeeding Behavior in Rural Bangladesh; Exclusive breastfeeding of newborns, a practice recommended by WHO, is hindered in many countries by practices such as prelacteal feeding (feeding other foods before breast milk is fed to infants). This paper describes maternal and infant characteristics and trends over time associated with early neonatal feeding (ENF) in Bangladesh. The analysis used data from 24,992 participants in randomized controlled trial supplementing vitamin A and beta-carotene to women in northwestern rural Bangladesh. A majority of newborns (89.2%) were fed substances other than breast milk in the first 3 d of life. Early neonatal feeding practices were found to be significantly associated with lower maternal education, higher gravidity, lower socioeconomic status, and younger maternal age. A perceived inability to suckle normally after birth was closely related to the risk of an infant being fed a food other than breast milk in the first 3 d of life [OR = 0.09 (95% CI: 0.08, 0.11)]. Only 18.8% of newborns fed an early neonatal food were exclusively breastfed between 3d and 3 mo postpartum compared with 70.6% of those not fed an early neonatal food during this period (P < 0.05). Early neonatal feeding practices should be addressed when scaling-up exclusive breastfeeding in South Asia. Maternal education, antenatal care, and support during labor and delivery may help reduce ENF and promote exclusive breastfeeding.
EXPANDING INDICATIONS FOR THE USE OF CLASS-III AGENTS IN PATIENTS AT HIGH-RISK FOR SUDDEN-DEATH; The evidence that antiarrhythmic compounds that act by slowing conduction velocity increase mortality in patients with cardiac disease is now compelling. Emphasis is now shifting to agents that act by lengthening repolarization and have additional antiadrenergic properties. There is preliminary evidence that pure Class III agents devoid of antisympathetic activity may also increase rather than decrease mortality in certain patients. Thus, in recent years, sotalol and amiodarone have emerged as the preferred agents for the control of most ventricular arrhythmias occurring in the setting of significant heart disease. Sotalol has not been widely studied in postinfarct patients; one trial indicated that the drug did reduce total mortality but the difference did not reach statistical significance. A number of studies with amiodarone in the postmyocardial infarction patients have revealed benefit, but these were from nonblinded studies. Two blinded, placebo-controlled studies are currently ongoing. A potential new indication of amiodarone is in patients with arrhythmias in heart failure in whom amiodarone markedly increased left ventricular ejection fraction, with a pronounced suppressant effect on premature ventricular complexes and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia and a trend for a decrease in mortality in patients with nonischemic cardiomyopathy. The most promising indication of amiodarone in low doses is in the maintenance of sinus rhythm in patients with atrial butter and fibrillation. For the present, amiodarone appears to be the-best prototype of a desirable complex antiarrhythmic compound, if its variegated side effect profile can be favorably modified from knowledge of structure-activity relationships.
Integrated control of <i>Boophilus microplus</i> ticks in Cuba based on vaccination with the anti-tick vaccine Gavac™; Boophilus microphis has developed resistance against a range of chemical acaricides which has stimulated the development of alternative methods such as vaccination against ticks. In Cuba, the Bm86-based recombinant vaccine Gavac (TM) has been successfully used in a number of controlled laboratory and field trials in cattle against B. microplus. In this paper, we have evaluated Gava (TM) in a large scale field trial wherein 588,573 dairy cattle were vaccinated with the aim to reduce the number of acaricidal treatments. It was found that the number or acaricidal treatments could be reduced by 87% over a period of 8 years (1995-2003). Prior to the introduction of the vaccine, 54 clinical cases of babesiosis and six fatal cases were reported per 1000 animals. Six years later, the incidence of babesiosis was reduced to 1.9 cases per 1000 cattle and mortality reduced to 0.18 per 1000. The national consumption of acaricides in Cuba could be reduced by 82% after the implementation of the integrated anti-B. microphis control program.
Cytomegalovirus; Purpose of review To identify recent developments in the management of congenital cytomegalovirus infection which continues to exact a heavy toll on the developing central nervous system
The role of nanomagnetic beads in diagnosis of early breast cancer by ductoscopy combined with CEA expression of tumor marker; In this study, nipple discharge patients were selected as subjects to evaluate the diagnostic value of ductoscopy and the tumor marker CEA expression in early occulted breast cancer. A retrospective analysis was performed on 121 pathological nipple discharge patients who received treatment in our hospital. Thirty-two parturients who delivered normally in our hospital during the same period were randomly selected to be included in the control group. Samples of the subjects' milk and nipple discharge were collected. The contents of tumor markers CEA, CA153, and CA125 were measured in the nipple discharge and milk using nanomagnetic beads combined with chemiluminescence immunoassay (CLIA). The findings from ductoscopy were documented and compared to the pathological results obtained after surgery. Nanomagnetic beads combined with CLIA can enhance the efficiency and stability of detection. CEA and CA125 levels increased in the group with breast lesions, and reached their highest levels in the group with malignant breast diseases. The positive prediction rates of CA153 and CEA in breast cancer were significantly higher than in the benign lesion group (P < 0005). Univariate analysis showed that bloody nipple discharge or III similar to IV breast duct lesions identified as high-risk factors associated with breast cancer. The sensitivity of endoscopy for diagnosing malignant lesions was 90.70%, while the sensitivity of CEA+ endoscopy was 95.35%. Ductoscopy has high sensitivity in the diagnosis of early occult breast cancer. The sensitivity and specificity of diagnosis could be significantly improved by combining tumor marker CEA expression with ductoscopy.
Bacterial translocation and intestinal injury in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis model; Objective: To study the occurrence of bacterial translocation and to assess the impact of breasffeeding on bacterial translocation in the animal model of necrotizing enterocolitis.
Effect of multiple micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy on inflammatory markers in Nepalese women; Background: Multiple micronutrient supplementation of Nepalese women during pregnancy is associated with a significant increase in birth weight.
Rationale, challenges, and participants in a Phase II trial of a botanical product for chronic hepatitis C; Background Chronic hepatitis C is associated with significant morbidity and mortality as a consequence of progression to cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, and liver failure. Current treatment for chronic hepatitis C with pegylated interferon (IFN) and ribavirin is associated with suboptimal responses and numerous adverse effects. A number of botanical products have been used to treat hepatic disorders. Silymarin, extracted from the milk thistle plant, Silybum marianum (L) Gaertn. (Asteraceae), has been most widely used for various liver disorders, including chronic hepatitis C, B, and alcoholic liver disease. However, the safety and efficacy of silymarin have not been studied systematically in chronic hepatitis C.
THE EFFICACY OF A LIVE LISTERIA-MONOCYTOGENES VACCINE CONTAINING SEROTYPE-1/2A AND SEROTYPE-4B IN SHEEP; In two experiments, sheep and lambs were vaccinated subcutaneously with a vaccine containing live serotypes 1/2a and 4b of Listeria monocytogenes and challenged 16 days later with a mixture of homologous wild strains.  The mortality rate of vaccinated sheep was 28.1% and that of controls 71.9%; 25% of lambs died.  In addition, two field trials were conducted in listeria infected flocks in which primiparous pregnant ewes were vaccinated.  In the first, 3 lambs, born of 564 vaccinated ewes, died of listeriosis compared with 110 born of 3345 unvaccinated ewes.  In the second, the perinatal mortality rate of lambs born of vaccinated ewes was offspring of control ewes and the mean birth weights were 2.2 and 1.8 kg, respectively.  The mean milk yields were 106 l and 83 l.  Listeria was not isolated from milk samples from vaccinated ewes, whilst 31,9% of milk from controls yielded Listeria.  It was concluded that the vaccine is efficacious in sheep.
Structured antedependence models for genetic analysis of repeated measures on multiple quantitative traits; Simultaneous analysis of correlated traits that change with time is an important issue in genetic analyses. Several methodologies have already been proposed for the genetic analysis of longitudinal data on single traits, in particular random regression and character process models. Although the latter proved, in most cases, to compare favourably to alternative approaches for analysis of single function-valued traits, they do not allow a straightforward extension to the multivariate case. In this paper, another methodology (structured antedependence models) is proposed, and methods are derived for the genetic analysis of two or more correlated function-valued traits. Multivariate analyses are presented of fertility and mortality in Drosophila and of milk, fat and protein yields in dairy cattle. These models offer a substantial flexibility for the correlation structure, even in the case of complex non-stationary patterns, and perform better than multivariate random regression models, with fewer parameters.
Interventions for melanoma in situ, including lentigo maligna; Background
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Evaluating the Effect of Topical Urea for Secondary Prophylaxis of Hand Foot Skin Reaction in Renal Cell Cancer Patients on Sunitinib Therapy; Introduction: Hand foot skin reaction (HFSR) is a common dose-limiting adverse effect of multi kinase inhibitors (MKI) whose mechanism is not fully understood, and the prophylaxis is inadequate. Objective: In this pilot study, a double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effect of topical urea in secondary prevention of sunitinib-induced HFSR in renal cell cancer patients. Methods: Out of 55 screened patients, 14 were randomized to receive topical urea or placebo for four weeks. The association of HFSR with drug levels of sunitinib and its metabolite (n-desethyl sunitinib), genetic polymorphism of VEGFR2 gene, quality of life (QOL) and biochemical markers was also assessed. Results: The results showed that urea-based cream was not superior to placebo (P = .075). There was no change in the QOL in both the groups. Single nucleotide polymorphism was checked for two nucleotides rs1870377 and rs2305948 located in VEGFR2 gene on chromosome 4. SNP (variant T > A) at rs1870377 was associated with appearance of new HFSR as compared to the wild type, although the association was not statistically significant (OR 0.714). There was no statistically significant difference between mean plasma levels of sunitinib and N-desethyl sunitinib in urea arm as compared to placebo arm as compared to placebo. The best fit population pharmacokinetic model for sunitinib was one compartment model with first order absorption and linear elimination. The median (IQR) of population parameters calculated from the population pharmacokinetics model for Ka, V and Cl was 0.22 (0.21-0.24) h-1, 4.4 (4.09-4.47) L, 0.049 (0.042-0.12) L/hr, respectively. Conclusion: The study suggested that the urea-based cream was not superior to placebo in decreasing the appearance of new HFSR in renal cancer patients receiving 4:2 regimen of sunitinib.
Effect of vitamin D source and amount on vitamin D status and response to endotoxin challenge; The objectives were to test the effects of dietary vitamin D3 [cholecalciferol (CHOL)] compared with 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 [calcidiol (CAL)] on vitamin D status and response to an endotoxin challenge. Forty-five Holstein bull calves (5 & PLUSMN; 2 d of age) were blocked into weekly cohorts, fed a basal diet that provided 0.25 & mu;g/kg body weight (BW) CHOL, and assigned randomly to 1 of 5 treatments: control [(CON) no ad-ditional vitamin D], 1.5 & mu;g/kg BW CHOL (CHOL1.5), 3 & mu;g/kg BW CHOL (CHOL3), 1.5 & mu;g/kg BW CAL (CAL1.5), or 3 & mu;g/kg BW CAL (CAL3). Calves were fed milk replacer until weaning at 56 d of age and had ad libitum access to water and starter grain throughout the experiment. Treatments were added daily to the diet of milk replacer until weaning and starter grain after weaning. Measures of growth, dry matter intake, and serum concentrations of vitamin D, Ca, Mg, and P were collected from 0 to 91 d of the experiment. At 91 d of the experiment, calves received an intra-venous injection of 0.1 & mu;g/kg BW lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Clinical and physiological responses were mea -sured from 0 to 72 h relative to LPS injection. Data were analyzed with mixed models that included fixed effects of treatment and time, and random effect of block. Orthogonal contrasts evaluated the effects of (1) source (CAL vs. CHOL), (2) dose (1.5 vs. 3.0 & mu;g/ kg BW), (3) interaction between source and dose, and (4) supplementation (CON vs. all other treatments) of vitamin D. From 21 to 91 d of the experiment, mean BW of supplemented calves was less compared with CON calves, but the effect was predominantly a result of the CHOL calves, which tended to weigh less than the CAL calves. Supplementing vitamin D increased concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in serum com-pared with CON, but the increment from increasing the dose from 1.5 to 3.0 & mu;g/kg BW was greater for CAL compared with CHOL (CON = 18.9, CHOL = 24.7 and 29.6, CAL = 35.6 and 65.7 & PLUSMN; 3.2 ng/mL, respectively). Feeding CAL also increased serum Ca and P compared with CHOL. An interaction between source and dose of treatment was observed for rectal temperature and derivatives of reactive metabolites after LPS challenge because calves receiving CHOL3 and CAL1.5 had lower rectal temperatures and plasma derivatives of reactive metabolites compared with calves receiving CHOL1.5 and CAL3. Supplementing vitamin D increased plasma P concentrations post-LPS challenge compared with CON, but plasma concentrations of Ca, Mg, fatty acids, glucose, & beta;-hydroxybutyrate, haptoglobin, tumor necrosis factor-& alpha;, and antioxidant potential did not dif-fer among treatments post-LPS challenge. Last, supple-menting vitamin D increased granulocytes as a percent-age of blood leukocytes post-LPS challenge compared with CON. Supplementing CAL as a source of vitamin D to dairy calves was more effective at increasing se-rum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, Ca, and P concentrations compared with feeding CHOL. Supplemental source and dose of vitamin D also influenced responses to the LPS challenge.
IMMUNOBIOLOGY OF HEMATOPOIETIC COLONY-STIMULATING FACTORS - POTENTIAL APPLICATION TO DISEASE PREVENTION IN THE BOVINE; Colony-stimulating factors are a family of glycoproteins instrumental in regulation of hematopoiesis and inflammation. Clinical effects of various colony-stimulating factors have been reported in murine and human hosts. This review summarizes findings from some clinical trial evaluations of macrophage colony-stimulating factor, granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor, granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, interleukin-1, interleukin-3, interleukin-4, interleukin-5, interleukin-6, and interleukin-7 administration to other species. These factors stimulate clonal expansion of progenitor cells in the bone marrow, induce differentiation of various cell lineages to a mature phenotype, and, in some cases, enhance the effector activities of immune cells. Each colony-stimulating factor has distinct lineages of bone marrow cells upon which they act, although there is some overlap in lineage activity and synergy between colony-stimulating factors. The close relationship in biological activity among different colony-stimulating factors is also reflected at the genomic level at which genes for some hematopoietic growth factors have been mapped to a region of human chromosome 5. Recently, colony-stimulating factor administration to cattle and its potential application to disease control in bovine preventive medicine programs has been investigated. Data from recent hematological, immunological, and intramammary bacterial (Staphylococcus aureus and Klebsiella pneumoniae) challenge studies in dairy cows are reviewed. These studies, with limited numbers of cows, found that rate of new infections, as well as duration and severity of infection, were reduced by pretreatment of cows with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor. The dose-dependent hematological and immunomodulatory effects of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor administration may explain reduced severity and incidence of mastitis in dairy cows given granulocyte colony-stimulating factor.
The Dietary Supplementation of Copper and Zinc Nanoparticles Improves Health Condition of Young Dairy Calves by Reducing the Incidence of Diarrhoea and Boosting Immune Function and Antioxidant Activity; This study was conducted to evaluate the effect of nano copper (nano Cu) and nano zinc (nano Zn) supplementation on the biomarkers of immunity and antioxidant and health status attributes in young dairy calves. Twenty-four young cattle calves were randomly assigned into four groups (6 calves per group) on a body weight and age basis for a period of 120 days. The feeding regimen was the same in all the groups except that these were supplemented with 0.0 mg nano Cu and nano Zn (control), 10 mg nano Cu (Cu-nano(10)), 32 mg nano Zn (nanoZn(32)), and a combination of nano Cu and nano Zn (Cu-nano(10 )+ Zn-nano(32)) per kg dry matter (DM) basis in four respective groups. Supplementation of nano Cu along with nano Zn improves immune response which was evidenced from higher immunoglobulin G (IgG), immunoglobulin M (IgM), immunoglobulin A (IgA), total immunoglobulin (TIg), and Zn sulphate turbidity (ZST) units and lower plasma concentrations of tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and cortisol in the nanoCu10 + nanoZn32 group. There was no effect of treatment on the plasma concentrations of immunoglobulin E (IgE) and interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma). Antioxidant status was also better in the nanoCu10 + nanoZn32 group as evidenced by lower concentrations of malondialdehyde (MDA) and higher activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), ceruloplasmin (Cp), and total antioxidant status (TAS). However, treatment did not exert any effect on catalase (CAT) activity. Although the nano Cu or nano Zn supplementation, either alone or in combination, did not exert any effect on growth performance or body condition score (BCS), the frequency of diarrhoea and incidence of diarrhoea were lower, while faecal consistency score (FCS) and attitude score were better in the Cu-nano(10) + Zn-nano(32) groups. In the control group, one calf was found affected with joint illness and two calves were found affected with navel illness. During the experimental period, none of the calves in all four groups were found to be affected by pneumonia. The findings of this study revealed that dietary supplementation of nano Cu in combination with nano Zn improved the health status of young dairy calves by improving immunity and antioxidant status.
Surgery combined with photodynamic therapy versus surgery alone for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and actinic keratosis: A retrospective cohort study; Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an effective treatment for some non-melanoma skin cancers (NMSC) and actinic keratosis. To compare recurrence-free survival (RFS) rates between surgery alone and surgery with postoperative PDT in patients with NMSC in China. This retrospective cohort study included patients with pathologically confirmed NMSC or actinic keratosis treated by surgical excision with/without PDT. A total of 125 patients were included, including 72 patients (43 females) aged 57-75 years in the surgery alone group and 53 patients (32 females) aged 61-76 years in the surgery+PDT group. The most common NMSC types were squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma, the most common lesion site was the head and neck, and the vast majority of patients had a primary disease and solitary lesions. There were no significant differences between groups in baseline characteristics. RFS rates in the surgery alone and surgery+PDT groups were, respectively, 100.0% and 98.1% at 1 week, 98.6% and 98.1% at 4 weeks, 97.2% and 98.1% at 8 weeks, 97.2% and 98.1% at 12 weeks, and 90.3% and 90.4% at 24 weeks, with no significant differences between groups. Adjuvant PDT after surgical excision of NMSC or actinic keratosis does not provide short-term improvement in RFS, but the results need to be confirmed by a formal randomized controlled trial.
Efficacy of halofuginone products to prevent or treat cryptosporidiosis in bovine calves: a systematic review and meta-analyses; A prior systematic review on the efficacy of halofuginone (HFG) treatment to prevent or treat cryptosporidiosis in bovine calves was inconclusive. We undertook an updated synthesis and meta-analyses on key outcomes for the treatment of calves with HFG. Evaluated outcomes were oocyst shedding, diarrhoea, mortality and weight gain. Experiments had to describe results for same age animals in contemporary arms. Most doses were 100-150 mcg kg(-1) day(-1). Results were subgrouped by study design, experiments with the lowest risk of bias and lack of industry funding. Eighteen articles were found that described 25 experiments. Most evidence came from randomized controlled trials in Europe. Significantly lower incidence of oocyst shedding, diarrhoea burden and mortality was reported when treatment started before calves were 5 days old. Most studies reported on outcomes for animals up to at least 28 days old. Publication bias was possible in all outcomes and seemed especially likely for diarrhoea outcomes. Beneficial results when HFG treatment was initiated in calves older than 5 days were also found. Prophylactic treatment to prevent cryptosporidiosis is effective in preventing multiple negative outcomes and is beneficial to calf health and will result in a reduction of environmental contamination by Cryptosporidium oocysts.
Effect of the oral intake of yogurt containing <i>Bifidobacterium longum</i> BB536 on the cell numbers of enterotoxigenic <i>Bacteroides fragilis</i> in microbiota; Enterotoxigenic Bacteroides fragilis (ETBF) strains have been suggested to be associated with acute and persistent diarrheal disease, inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal cancer, although further epidemiological studies are needed for clarification. Here, a pilot study was performed to examine the effect of the oral administration of yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain on the cell numbers of fecal ETBF in a healthy population. Among 420 healthy adults, 38 subjects were found to be ETBF carriers, giving a prevalence of approximately 9%. Among them, 32 subjects were enrolled in an open, randomized, parallel-group study to ingest yogurt supplemented with a probiotic strain, Bifidobacterium longum BB536 (BB536Y group), for 8 weeks, with milk provided to the control group (milk group). The cell numbers of ETBF and the dominant species of the B. fragilis group were measured by a quantitative PCR method. Compared with the baseline values, there was a significant decrease in the cell number of ETBF at week 8 in the BB536Y group but not in the milk group. Linear mixed models analysis for longitudinal data revealed a significant difference in the changes of ETBF cell number between the two groups during the intervention phase. These results imply the potential of probiotic yogurt for eliminating ETBF in the microbiota, but its clinical significance needs to be evaluated in the future. This is the first report of a possible effect of probiotic intake on ETBF in the microbiota. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Dietary calcium and health; Calcium is an essential nutrient as all living cells require calcium to remain viable; calcium is also required for a number of specific roles in the body. The majority (-99%) of calcium present in the body is found in bone, with a smaller amount found in teeth. The remainder ( <1%) is found in soft tissues and body fluids. The average adult skeleton contains 1200 g of calcium, present in the form of hydroxyapatite, an inorganic crystalline structure made up of calcium and phosphorus [Ca-10(PO4)(6)(OH)(2)], which provides rigidity. Calcium is essential for bone growth as it is required for the mineralisation (impregnation of the bone matrix with minerals) of bone; the rate of calcium deposition in bone is proportional to rate of growth. An adequate intake of calcium is one of a number of factors which are important for acquiring bone mass and attaining peak bone mass (PBM). Diets containing insufficient amounts of calcium may lead to a low bone mineral density, which may have implications for bone health, notably risk of osteoporosis, in later life.
Treatment of palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) with topical sildenafil: a pilot study; Palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) is a common chemotherapy and anti-VEGF multi-kinase inhibitor class-related toxicity that often results in debilitating skin changes and often limits the use of active anti-cancer regimens. Mechanistic and anecdotal clinical evidence suggested that topical application of sildenafil cream may help reduce the severity of PPE. Therefore, we conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study to evaluate the feasibility, safety and efficacy of topical sildenafil cream for the treatment of PPE.
Treating where it hurts-a randomized comparative trial of vestibule estradiol for postmenopausal dyspareunia; ObjectiveTo compare efficacies of two strengths of estradiol cream applied to the vulvar vestibule and use of silicone lubricant to reduce intercourse pain scores in postmenopausal women with moderate/severe dyspareunia.MethodsThis pilot randomized comparative trial assigned 50 women to nightly applications of estradiol cream, 50 or 100 mu g, for 12 weeks. We asked women to have lubricated penetration twice weekly, with intercourse or performing a tampon test. Pain, recorded in dairies, was rated using the 0-10 Numerical Rating Scale. We assessed biopsychosocial outcomes, urinary symptoms, and measured serum estradiol levels and endometrial stripe thicknesses. We performed physical examinations to determine tenderness levels of the vestibule, vagina, pelvic floor muscles, bladder, uterus, and adnexa. Comparisons were made using two-sample t test, Wilcoxon rank-sum test, or chi(2)/Fisher's exact test.ResultsForty-seven women (94%), with a mean age of 59.7 years, completed the trial. The baseline median intercourse pain score was 8/10 (interquartile range, 6, 8). After 12 weeks, we measured no statistically significant difference between groups in the primary outcome, intercourse pain score, or any secondary outcome measure. For both groups together, the median intercourse pain score diminished by 50% after 4 weeks and 75% after 12 weeks (P < 0.001). The most tender anatomic area, the vulvar vestibule, improved by 82% to 100% (P < 0.001) with therapy. We did not measure a statistically significant difference in serum estradiol levels or endometrial stripe thickness between groups.ConclusionEstradiol cream applied to the vulvar vestibule, paired with precoital silicone lubricant, is a promising alternative to vaginal therapy for dyspareunia.
Saturated fat: villain and bogeyman in the development of cardiovascular disease?; Aims Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of death. For decades, the conventional wisdom has been that the consumption of saturated fat (SFA) undermines cardiovascular health, clogs the arteries, increases risk of CVD, and leads to heart attacks. It is timely to investigate whether this claim holds up to scientific scrutiny. The purpose of this paper is to review and discuss recent scientific evidence on the association between dietary SFA and CVD. Methods and results PubMed, Google scholar, and Scopus were searched for articles published between 2010 and 2021 on the association between SFA consumption and CVD risk and outcomes. A review was conducted examining observational studies and prospective epidemiologic cohort studies, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), systematic reviews and meta-analyses of observational studies and prospective epidemiologic cohort studies, and long-term RCTs. Collectively, neither observational studies, prospective epidemiologic cohort studies, RCTs, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses have conclusively established a significant association between SFA in the diet and subsequent cardiovascular risk and coronary artery disease, myocardial infarction, or mortality nor a benefit of reducing dietary SFAs on CVD rick, events, and mortality. Beneficial effects of replacement of SFA by polyunsaturated or monounsaturated fat or carbohydrates remain elusive. Conclusion Findings from the studies reviewed in this paper indicate that the consumption of SFA is not significantly associated with CVD risk, events, or mortality. Based on the scientific evidence, there is no scientific ground to demonize SFA as a cause of CVD. SFA naturally occurring in nutrient-dense foods can be safely included in the diet.
GUT MICROBIOTA, PREBIOTICS, PROBIOTICS, AND SYNBIOTICS IN ANAGEMENT OF OBESITY AND PREDIABETES: REVIEW OF RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS; Objective: To review the data from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the roles of microbiota, pre-, pro-and synbiotics in metabolic conditions (obesity, prediabetes, and diabetes mellitus type 2 [DM2]).
A pilot study to evaluate the treatment of basal cell carcinoma with 5-fluorouracil using phosphatidyl choline as a transepidermal carrier; BACKGROUND. Ln certain situations, successful topical therapy of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) without the inconvenience, risk, and expense of surgery would be of great value to patients. Placing 5-fluorouracil (FU) in an appropriate carrier may solve these problems. Phosphatidyl choline (PC) penetrates effectively throughout the epidermis of shaved rabbits and may be able to carry small water-soluble molecules such as nucleotides across lipid barriers when applied topically.
Overfeeding with a high-concentrate diet activates the NOD1-NF-κB signalling pathway in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows; Long term high-concentrate (HC) diet feeding induces subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA), which is reported to trigger a pro-inflammatory response. This study aimed to investigate the role of nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain protein 1 (NOD1) in initiating the pro-inflammatory response triggered by grain-induced SARA in the mammary gland of mid-lactating dairy cows. Twelve multiparous mid-lactating Holstein cows (455 +/- 28 kg) were randomly assigned into two groups to conduct the experiment for 18 weeks as follows: one group was fed a low-concentrate (LC) diet as a control (40% grain), and the other was fed an HC diet as a treatment (60% grain). Overall, the results showed that a decreased rumen pH and elevated gamma-D-glutamyl-meso-diaminopimelic acid (iE-DAP) concentrations in the HC group compared with LC group. The concentration of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), significantly increased in the lacteal vein of the HC group than LC group. The mRNA expression levels of NOD1, receptor-interacting protein2 (RIP2), NF-kappa Bp65 (p65), IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8 and TNF-alpha, which involved in inflammatory response, were up-regulated in the HC-induced mammary gland. The changes of the target proteins, including NOD1, p65 and pp65 presented the same tendency as those of the target genes. Collectively, long-term high concentrate feeding-induced SARA increased the rumen iE-DAP concentration which activated NOD1-NF-kappa B signalling pathway-dependent inflammation in the mammary gland of mid-lactating cows.
Evaluation of EGFR inhibitor-mediated acneiform skin toxicity within the double-blind randomized EVITA trial: A thorough gender-specific analysis using the WoMo score; Acne-like skin reactions frequently occur in patients undergoing treatment with drugs inhibiting the epidermal growth factor receptor. Recently, the effects of vitamin K1 containing cream (Reconval K1) as prophylactic skin treatment in addition to doxycycline were explored in a double-blind randomized phase II trial (EVITA) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer receiving cetuximab. EVITA demonstrated a trend towards less severe skin rash in Reconval K1-treated patients using the tripartite WoMo skin reaction grading score as a thorough tool for quantification of drug related skin reactions. This gender-specific analysis of the EVITA trial evaluated the application of the WoMo score for assessment of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-related skin toxicities according to treatment arm and gender. To show the robustness of results parametric and non-parametric statistical analyses were conducted. All three parts of the WoMo score independently demonstrated the superiority of the treatment arm (Reconval K1) regarding a significant reduction in acneiform skin reactions in women. Men did not benefit from Reconval K1 cream at any time point in none of the WoMo score analyses. The treatment effect in women was confirmed by the use of skin rash categories based on the final WoMo overall score and mixed effect longitudinal multiple linear regression analysis. The WoMo score represents a sensitive tool for studies exploiting treatments against EGFR mediated acne-like skin rash. Part C of the WoMo score seems to be sufficient for quantification of drug related skin toxicities in further studies. Standard WoMo skin reaction score values for future studies are provided.
Early pregnancy diagnosis by transrectal ultrasonography in dairy cattle; The objective of the present study was to determine differences in time of detection of pregnancy between heifers and cows and the interval after insemination at which the maximum sensitivity and negative predictive value of transrectal ultrasonography were obtained. One-thousand-four-hundred transrectal ultrasonographies (TRUS-1; 1079 in cows and 321 in heifers) were performed using a 5-MHz linear-array transducer. The cattle were randomly assigned to have TRUS performed once between days 24 and 30 (estrus = day 0) in cows or between days 21 and 27 in heifers. Every TRUS diagnosis was subsequently compared with a second TRUS diagnosis (TRUS-2), performed 3-8 days later, after day 30 (range 31-38) for cows and after day 27 (range 28-35) for heifers. The sensitivity and specificity between cows and heifers for the common days of TRUS (from 24 to 27) were compared. In cows, sensitivity increased gradually from 74.5% at day 24 to 100% at day 29 (P < 0.01). Specificity increased from days 24-25 and reached a plateau of 96.6% on day 26 (P < 0.01). In heifers, sensitivity increased from 50% at day 21 to 100% at day 26 (P < 0.01). Specificity increased from 87.5% at day 21 and remained steady at 94% starting on day 23 (P > 0.05). The sensitivity for cows and heifers was 89.2 and 96.8%, respectively (P < 0.05) and the specificity was 93.0 and 93.4% (P > 0.05). In this study, heifers were diagnosed pregnant earlier than cows, and the maximum sensitivity and negative predictive value were obtained 3 days earlier in heifers than cows (days 26 and 29, respectively). (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Promoting Comfort: A Clinician Guide and Evidence-Based Skin Care Plan in the Prevention and Management of Radiation Dermatitis for Patients with Breast Cancer; Patients with breast cancer may be offered adjuvant radiation therapy (RT) after surgery. Up to 95% of these patients develop radiation dermatitis (RD) during or following RT. Randomized clinical trials and other literature provide evidence that RD can be prevented or reduced. The aim of this article is to propose a Clinician Guide and Evidence-based Skin Care Plan to prevent and/or reduce radiation dermatitis and promote the comfort of breast cancer patients receiving RT. As an integrative review, the databases searched were CINAHL and Medline, using the key terms: breast cancer, skin care, radiation, radiation therapy, radiotherapy, radiation dermatitis, and radiation skin reaction, prevention, and management. Search criteria included English language, full text, published between 2012 through 2020, and peer-reviewed. The search yielded 320 articles. Relevant articles were evaluated using the Quality Assessment Tool (QAT), and highly rated articles were selected to be included in the review of literature. The outcomes were the development of a Clinician Guide to offer holistic, patient-centered care and an Evidence-based Skin Care Plan. The research literature supports a standard skin care regimen, along with use of an emollient cream to the treatment area, use of deodorants depending on patient preferences, and application of a topical steroid cream daily throughout treatment and two weeks post RT. Clinician's weekly assessments of patients offers therapeutic support and ensures optimal skin care during and post-RT. The comfort of breast cancer patients receiving RT requires the best level of evidence regarding the efficacy of interventions, coupled with clinician's judgement, and patient's preferences and wishes. The clinician-patient relationship is essential in addressing the physical, emotional, social, spiritual, and functional challenges associated with a cancer diagnosis and adjunctive radiation therapy to improve long-term survival.
Effect of oropharyngeal colostrum therapy in the prevention of necrotising enterocolitis among very low birthweight neonates: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; BackgroundNecrotising enterocolitis (NEC) is one of the most common life-threatening emergencies of the gastrointestinal tract in preterm neonates. The present study aimed to determine the efficacy of oropharyngeal colostrum with respect to reducing NEC in preterm neonates.
Enteral administration of a simulated amniotic fluid in preventing feeding intolerance in very low birthweight neonates: A randomized controlled trial; Objectives: Feeding intolerance (FI) is a common finding in preterm neonates. Enteral administration of dif-ferent forms of amniotic fluid (AF) has been tried for treating FI in high-risk neonates. Simulated amniotic fluid (SAF) is a solution with a similar electrolyte composition to human AF. The aim of this study was to examine whether enteral administration of SAF would improve feeding toler-ance in very low birthweight (VLBW) neonates.Methods: Forty VLBW neonates were randomized to either SAF or placebo (total daily dose 20 mL/kg/d-1 divided every 3 h) to their milk for a maximum of 7 d. Neonates with major congenital anomalies, those in whom early feeding was contraindicated, and those treated with parental erythropoietin and/or human granulocyte stimulating factor were excluded. The primary outcome was the total amount of enteral feeds reached by day 7. Secondary outcomes were incidence of FI and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Study inter-vention was stopped on completing 7 d, reaching enteral feeds of 100 mL/kg/d-1, or the appearance of any sign of FI or NEC.Results: All neonates tolerated the test solution well. The SAF group reached significantly larger volume and higher calories on days 3 and 7 (P < 0.05 for all). No statistical differences were seen between the two groups in incidence of FI (P = 0.311), NEC (P = 0.429), mortality (P = 0.632), length of stay (P = 0.744), or weight gain on day 10 (P = 0.389). Baseline hematologic parameters showed no statistical differences before or after enteral administration (P > 0.05).Conclusion: Results of the present study demonstrated that SAF solution might improve feeding tolerance in VLBW babies without evidence of its systemic absorption. Larger multicenter randomized studies are recom-mended.(c) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Chahuang ointment on prevention of phlebitis from peripherally inserted central catheter: randomized clinical trial; Objective: To assess the effect of Chahuang ointment, a Chinese herbal ointment, on the prevention of phlebitis in patients with peripherally inserted central catheters. Method: This was a multicenter randomized controlled trial, with 171 eligible patients randomly assigned into one of three groups: the Chahuang ointment group, the Mucopolysaccharide Polysulfate cream group, and the control group. The degrees of vein injuries at 72 hours after peripherally inserted central catheter insertion were the primary outcome. Secondary outcomes were the vascular wall thickness, tissue edema and microthrombus evaluated by Color Doppler Flow Imaging, the vascular endothelial growth factor, and endothelin-1 (ET-1) expression in vivo. Results: Compared with the control group, the Chahuang ointment group showed significantly lower incidence of postoperative phlebitis, tissue edema, and microthrombus at 72 hours after peripherally inserted central catheter insertion (all P<0.01). The VEGF and ET-1 expression were significantly inhibited in the Chahuang ointment group after 3 days of treatment (both P<0.01).There were no statistical differences in the degree of vein injuries, microthrombus, or tissue edema between the Chahuang ointment and mucopolysaccharide polysulfate groups (all P>0.05). Conclusion: Chahuang ointment was shown to provide effective prevention and protection against phlebitis after peripherally inserted central catheter insertion.
Vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women; Background
Prevention of bacterial infections in the newborn by pre-delivery administration of azithromycin: Study protocol of a randomized efficacy trial; Background: Neonatal deaths, estimated at approximately 4 million annually, now account for almost 40 % of global mortality in children aged under-five. Bacterial sepsis is a leading cause of neonatal mortality. Assuming the mother is the main source for bacterial transmission to newborns, the primary objective of the trial is to determine the impact of one oral dose of azithromycin, given to women in labour, on the newborn's bacterial carriage in the nasopharynx. Secondary objectives include the impact of the intervention on bacterial colonization in the baby and the mother during the first month of life.
IDENTIFICATION OF FARM MANAGER TYPES THROUGH CLUSTER-ANALYSIS OF CALF AND HEIFER MANAGEMENT-PRACTICES; Cluster analysis (a type of data analysis used successfully in other disciplines to create categories or classify groups) can contribute to preventive veterinary medicine in many areas such as calf and heifer management. Its contribution lies in the identification of subgroups that share managerial techniques that need to be altered, adopted or eliminated to improve herd health management and thus prevent diseases. As a result of the identification of these subgroups, prevention strategies can be more efficient and effective. In this particular study of a random sample of 329 Pennsylvania dairy herds, five subgroups of dairy farmers were differentiated by their use of management practices in preventive health, nutrition, reproduction, and housing. These five management profiles were related to age of first calving, thus adding to confidence in the subgroups and their implication for preventive veterinary medicine.
Optimizing Nutrition in Renal Patients: Effects of a Low-Protein Diet Supplemented With Ketoacids; Background Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a non-communicable disease; it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in Nigeria as the incidence has been increasing in Nigeria over the last few years. A low-protein diet supplemented with ketoacids has been duly documented to reduce the malnutrition associated with CKD as well as improve estimated glomeruli filtration rate while delaying the onset of dialysis in predialysis CKD patients.Objective The aim of this study was to determine the effects of a low-protein diet supplemented with ketoacids compared to a conventional low protein on nutritional indices in predialysis CKD patients.Methods and materials A randomized controlled trial with a total of 60 participants was conducted at Delta State University Teaching Hospital (DELSUTH), Oghara, Nigeria. Participants were patients older than 18 years with CKD stage 3-5 who were not on dialysis. They were recruited and randomized into the intervention group (low -protein diet supplemented with ketoacids) with 30 participants and the non-intervention group (low protein with placebo) with 30 participants. The mean outcome was changed in the nutritional indices from baseline till the end of the study. Results A total of 60 patients were randomly allocated to receive a low-protein diet supplemented with ketoacids (n=30) or control (n=30). All participants were included in the analysis of all outcomes. The mean change score in serum total protein, albumin, and triglycerides between the intervention and non-intervention groups were 1.1 +/- 1.1 g/dL vs 0.1 +/- 1.1 g/dL (p<0.001), 0.2 +/- 0.9 g/dL vs-0.3 +/- 0.8 g/dL (p<0.001), and 3.0 +/- 3.5 g/dL vs 1.8 +/- 3.7 g/dL, respectively.Conclusion and recommendation The use of low-protein diet supplemented with ketoacids improved the anthropometric and nutritional indices in patients with stage 3-5 CKD.
5-Fluorouracil Enhances Protoporphyrin IX Accumulation and Lesion Clearance during Photodynamic Therapy of Actinic Keratoses: A Mechanism-Based Clinical Trial; Purpose: Actinic keratoses (AK) are precancerous lesions that can progress to squamous cell carcinoma. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and topical 5-fluorouracil (5FU) are commonly used agents for AK. Empirical reports suggest that combining them can improve the therapeutic response. However, the optimal combined regimen was not clear in terms of proper sequence, timing, and mechanism. This clinical study explored mechanisms of action for neoadjuvantal 5FU and PDT for treatment of AK.
Probiotic Dahi Containing <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> and <i>Bifidobacterium bifidum</i> Modulates the Formation of Aberrant Crypt Foci, Mucin-Depleted Foci, and Cell Proliferation on 1,2-Dimethylhydrazine-Induced Colorectal Carcinogenesis in Wistar Rats; Aberrant crypt foci (ACF) and mucin-depleted foci (MDF) are pre-neoplastic lesions identified in the colon of carcinogen-treated rodents and in humans at high risk for colon cancer. The present study was carried out to divulge the protective potential of the probiotic Dahi containing Lactobacillus acidophilus LaVK2 and Bifidobacterium bifidum BbVK3 alone or in combination with piroxicam (PXC) on the development of early biomarkers of colorectal carcinogenesis in male Wistar rats administered 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (DMH). DMH was injected subcutaneously at the rate of 40 mg/kg body weight per animal twice a week for 2 weeks. A total of 120 male Wistar rats were randomly allocated to five groups, each group having 24 animals. The rats were fed with buffalo milk or probiotic supplement (20 grams) alone or as an adjunct with PXC in addition to a basal diet ad libitum for 32 weeks. Group I was offered buffalo milk (BM) and served as the control group. Group II was administered DMH along with BM and served as the DMH-control group; group III was administered BM-DMH-PXC, in which besides administering BM-DMH, PXC was also offered. Group IV was offered probiotic LaBb Dahi and DMH, and group V was offered both probiotic LaBb Dahi and PXC along with DMH. The rats were euthanized at the 8th, 16th, and 32nd week of the experiment and examined for development of ACF, aberrant crypts per ACF (AC/ACF), mucin-depleted foci (MDF), large MDF, and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) labeling index. Administration of DMH in rats induced pre-neoplastic lesions (ACF and MDF) and increased the PCNA index in colorectal tissue. A significant (p < 0.05) reduction in the number of ACF, AC/ACF, MDF, large MDF, and PCNA labeling index were observed in the probiotic LaBb Dahi group compared with the DMH control group. Feeding rats with LaBb Dahi or treatment with PXC diminished the initiation and progression of DMH-induced pre-neoplastic lesions and the PCNA index, and treatment with LaBb Dahi and PXC combined was significantly more effective. The dietary intervention of probiotics and PXC significantly protects against the development of CRC in the rat-DMH model. These observations suggest that probiotic LaBb Dahi alone or as an adjunct with PXC may have anti-neoplastic and anti-proliferative activities. Moreover, probiotic LaBb Dahi possesses the medicinal properties to prevent colorectal carcinogenesis.
Safety and Tolerability of Targeted Medical Nutrition for Cachexia in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Controlled Pilot Trial; Background: This pilot, double-blind, comparator-controlled trial evaluated the safety and tolerability of an oral targeted medical nutrition (TMN) supplement for the management of cachexia in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Patients receiving first-line chemotherapy for NSCLC with weight loss or low BMI were randomized 1:1 to receive juice-based TMN (similar to 200 kcal; 10 g whey protein; >= 2.0 g eicosapentaenoic acid/docosahexaenoic acid in fish oil; and 10 mu g 25-hydroxy-vitamin D3) or a milk-based isocaloric comparator twice daily for 12 weeks (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02515032). Primary endpoints included number/type of adverse events and changes in vital signs/laboratory parameters. Secondary endpoints included measures of clinical relevance. Survival was an exploratory endpoint. Results: The TMN group (n = 26; mean 64.4 years) experienced fewer adverse events (64 vs. 87) than the comparator group (n = 29; mean 66.0 years), including fewer cases of neutropenia (0 vs. 4). Compliance was slightly lower in the TMN (58.5%) vs. comparator group (73.6%). There were no statistically significant between-group differences in efficacy endpoints. Fewer (4 vs. 10) patients who received TMN than comparator had died by 1-year post baseline. Conclusions: TMN was well tolerated. Trends for improved clinical outcomes with TMN identified in this study warrant further investigation.
Estimation of genetic parameters for measures of calf survival in a population of Holstein heifer calves from a heifer-raising facility in New York State; The objectives of this study were to estimate the genetic parameters of survival to weaning and survival to exit for a population of Holstein calves from New York State, as well as to associate the estimated breeding values determined in the current study with traits from ongoing genetic evaluations used in Canada and the United States. Data were recorded for 7,372 heifer calves at a commercial rearing facility in New York State from arrival at 1 to 7 d of age for the duration of stay at the facility (on average, heifers departed the facility 1 mo before calving). Performance and disease up to weaning and mortality before and after weaning were recorded. Analyzed data were limited to daughters of sires with at least 10 calves originating from farms that had sent a. minimum of 5 calves to be raised at the facility. As such, calves from 264 sires and 36 herds were studied using 2 statistical methods. The first method, calf survival, used a Weibull proportional hazards model, with survival defined as age at culling, death, or censoring. The second method, a 2-trait sire model, included survival from arrival to weaning (SUV1) and survival from weaning to exit (SUV2). Both models included fixed effects of arrival weight, serum total protein, weaning weight, season and year of birth, and calving ease score. Herd and sire were included as random effects. Significant associations among all fixed effects and calf survival were observed. In general, very light or heavy weight at arrival, low total protein, low weaning weight, and difficult birth increased risk of mortality for calves. The heritability of survival from the first method was 0.063. The heritabilities from the linear model were 0.001 for SUV1 and 0.036 for SUV2. The genetic correlation between SUV1 and SUV2 was 0.58. Genetic variance was close to zero for survival of calves to weaning, but was greater for survival after weaning through the growing period. Breeding values were estimated for SUV1 and SUV2 and correlated with routinely evaluated traits from Canadian and US genetic evaluations. Significant associations between genetic evaluations for survival traits and routinely evaluated traits in Canada and the United States were found, in particular with conformation body traits, somatic cell score, fertility, and longevity.
Topical steroid versus placebo for the prevention of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving chemoradiotherapy: the study protocol of J-SUPPORT 1602 (TOPICS study), a randomized double-blinded phase 3 trial; Background: To date, the clinical benefit of topical steroid use has only been demonstrated for radiation dermatitis induced by 50-60 Gy irradiation in breast cancer. However, these agents are also often used clinically for the control of radiation dermatitis induced by high-dose (>60Gy) irradiation with chemotherapy in head and neck cancer. Despite this, the prophylactic efficacy of topical steroids for radiation dermatitis induced by high-dose irradiation is still unclear. The aim of this study is to clarify the benefit of topical steroids in basic nursing care for radiation dermatitis induced by chemoradiotherapy in patients with head and neck cancer.
Randomized, placebo-controlled, calcium supplementation trial in pregnant Gambian women accustomed to a low calcium intake: effects on maternal blood pressure and infant growth; Background: Dietary calcium intake in rural Gambian women is very low (similar to 350 mg/d) compared with international recommendations. Studies have suggested that calcium supplementation of women receiving low-calcium diets significantly reduces risk of pregnancy hypertension.
Impact of the Nutri-Score front-of-pack nutrition label on purchasing intentions of individuals with chronic diseases: results of a randomised trial; Objective To our knowledge, the effect of front-of-pack nutrition labels such as the Nutri-Score on food purchases has never been assessed among individuals suffering from nutrition-related chronic diseases specifically, while dietary modifications are generally part of their care. This study aimed to investigate the effect of the Nutri-Score on the nutritional quality of purchasing intentions among adults suffering from a cardiometabolic disease, compared with no label and the Reference Intakes (RIs), a label already implemented by some food manufacturers in France.
Vaginal 5-fluorouracil for high-grade cervical dysplasia in human immunodeficiency virus infection: A randomized trial; Objective: To compare the efficacy and toxicity of topical vaginal 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) maintenance therapy against the effects of observation after standard treatment for high-grade cervical. dysplasia in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected women and to evaluate the association between baseline CD4 count and time to recurrence.
Colostrum supplementation with n-3 fatty acids does not alter calf outcome on a healthy commercial farm; Our objective was to supplement colostrum with n-3 fatty acids (FA) to provide anti-inflammatory mediators that may improve the immune response of neonatal calves. Elevated markers of inflammation have been associated with increased occurrence of calf disease in early life, thus decreasing animal productivity. We hypothesized that a colostrum supplement containing 60-mL of a 1:1 ratio fish:flaxseed oil blend with or without 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol might provide an advantageous start to early life by decreasing oxidative stress and regulating the inflammatory response. Calves were blocked by birth order and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatments: no supplement added to colostrum (control), 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend, and 60 mL of 1:1 fish:flaxseed oil blend with 200 mg of alpha-tocopherol. In total, 180 heifer calves (n = 60 per treatment) were enrolled on a commercial farm. After colostrum feeding, all calves were housed in individual hutches and fed milk replacer 3 times per day. Health was scored 3 times per week until weaning at 8 wk of age. Weight, wither height, and heart girth were measured after birth, 3 wk, and 8 wk of age to assess preweaning growth. A subgroup of 54 calves (18 blocks or 18 calves per treatment) were sampled 2 d (+/- 8 h) after birth to evaluate oxidant status, serum total protein, and inflammatory gene and cytokine protein expression in blood after an in vitro lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge as indicators of health and immunity. At 9 wk, calves were transported 18 h to another farm, and medical records were kept as an indicator of disease incidence up to 13 wk of age. Calf mortality was 1.8%, which is below industry average, and exceptional health scores were observed throughout the study. Health scores and growth were similar throughout the preweaning period regardless of treatment. Serum total protein indicated successful passive transfer in all calves, and oxidant status index was not affected by treatments on d 2 of age. Concentrations of tumor necrosis factor a increased with LPS stimulation, but the increase was not altered by treatment. Likewise, leukocyte gene expression of tumor necrosis factor a, IL-8 and IL-10, and cyclooxygenase-2 increased upon LPS stimulation, but the fold change did not differ with treatment. In conclusion, 60 mL of 1:1 ratio fish: flaxseed oil colostrum supplement did not enhance preweaning calf performance. Supplementing n-3 FA in a one-time meal may not provide the anti-inflammatory benefits observed with continuous feeding.
Associations of Fish Consumption With Risk of Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality Among Individuals With or Without Vascular Disease From 58 Countries; IMPORTANCE Cohort studies report inconsistent associations between fish consumption, a major source of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. Whether the associations vary between those with and those without vascular disease is unknown.
Enhancement of immunity in the elderly by dietary supplementation with the probiotic <i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> HN019; Background: The aging process can lead to a decline in cellular immunity. Therefore, the elderly could benefit from safe and effective interventions that restore cellular immune functions.
Imiquimod immunotherapy and ALA photodynamic therapy combination for the treatment of genital bowenoid papulosis; Objective: To investigate the feasibility and efficacy of combination of imiquimod immunotherapy and 5-aminolevulinic acid-mediated photodynamic therapy (ALA-PDT) for the treatment of genital bowenoid papulosis (BP). Materials and methods: A total of twenty seven BP patients were randomized into two groups: (1) fifteen patients (12 male and 3 female, age 22-56 years old) were treated with topical application of 5% imiquimod cream (three times a week) and ALA-PDT (100 J/cm(2) at 100 mW/cm(2), once a week) for 1 - 4 times in one week interval. (H) Twelve patients (6 male and 6 female, age 29-58 years old) were treated with CO2, laser vaporization as a control. Patients were followed up for 3 to 12 months. Results: In combined therapy group, 60% (9/15) patients showed complete remission and only one recurred (11.1%) during follow tip. Local side effects included mild erythema, edema, erosion and burning and/or stinging sensation. No systemic side effect was found. In CO, laser vaporization group, 83.3% (10/12) patients showed complete remission. However, recurrence occurred in 6 patients (60.0%). Local side effects included mild to moderate edema, erosion, ulceration, delayed healing, prolonged pain and scarring. The difference of recurrence rate between two groups was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Topical application of imiquimod cream and ALA-PDT is safe, effective and associated with low recurrence and less side effect. Its true clinical value needs to be further investigated by a long-term follow-up of large scale trial.
Coincidence of nutritional habits and esophageal cancer in Germany; Introduction: The incidence rates for adenocarcinoma (AC) of the esophagus have risen rapidly in Western nations, whereas the incidence rates for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) have remained nearly stable. There are studies about body mass index, smoking, alcohol, and development of AC or SCC. The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in nutritional habits of patients with AC or SCC compared with the population in Cologne. Patients and Methods: From January 1, 1997 to December 31, 1998, 85 patients with esophageal cancer (SCC n = 45, AC n = 40) were interviewed about their nutritional habits using a computerized program (EBIS). By random sample, 100 citizens of Cologne who were similar of age, residence, and nationality were chosen as healthy control group (CG) and were also interviewed with EBIS. Results: The known risk factors, alcohol and tobacco for SCC as well as alcohol and a high body mass index for AC, were confirmed in this study. The CG had a higher daily intake of calcium, magnesium and iron compared to patients with esophageal cancer (p < 0.05). In addition, the tumor group had a significant lower daily supply of carbohydrates, fruits, and dietary fiber (p < 0.001). About 80% of the patients ate more than 100 g meat/day in comparison to 50% of participants in the CG. Patients with AC consumed more magnesium, milk, and animal protein than patients with SCC or the participants of the CG. Conclusion: There are differences in nutrition between healthy controls and patients with esophageal cancer and between patients with SCC and AC. Patients with cancer of the esophagus had a nutritonal deficit in fresh fruit, vegetables, dietary fiber, and carbohydrates. Compared with the other groups, patients with AC had a higher intake of protein, fat, and milk.
Antibiotic susceptibility pattern of <i>Listeria</i> spp. isolated from cattle farm environment in Bangladesh; Human listeriosis is a food-borne illness mainly caused by Listeria monocytogenes. Albeit recorded with relatively low prevalence, the illness can cause high rates of mortality in both humans and animals worldwide through the consumption of dairy products. In Bangladesh, however, detailed scientific information on the prevalence of Listeria spp. is yet to be appreciated. Therefore, the current study was designed with a view to detect L. monocytogenes along with other Listeria spp. in various cattle farms located within the city of Dhaka and to determine their antibiotic resistance traits. Here, a total of ninty-one samples comprising of cattle feed, cattle drinking water, raw milk and cow dung were collected randomly from various cattle farms in Dhaka City. Of them, 13.2% was positive for Listeria spp. While feed and dung samples exhibited the highest prevalence, raw milk samples exhibited none of the Listeria spp., as determined by Listeria-specific selective media and biochemical tests. Antibiotic susceptibility pattern of the Listeria isolates produced multiple antibiotic resistance (MAR) indices ranging from 0.40 to 0.64 to a panel of 25 antibiotics, some of which have been used as the first-choice drugs to treat human listeriosis for years. The prevalence of multiple antibiotic resistant Listeria could be an alarming concern from the public health perspective in Bangladesh.
Ca:Mg ratio, medium-chain fatty acids, and the gut microbiome; Background & aims: Ketogenic medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs) with profound health benefits are commonly found in dairy products, palm kernel oil and coconut oil. We hypothesize that magnesium (Mg) supplementation leads to enhanced gut microbial production of MCFAs and, in turn, increased circulating MCFAs levels. Methods: We tested this hypothesis in the Personalized Prevention of Colorectal Cancer Trial (PPCCT) (NCT01105169), a double-blind 2 X 2 factorial randomized controlled trial enrolling 240 participants. Six 24-h dietary recalls were performed for all participants at the baseline and during the intervention period. Based on the baseline 24-h dietary recalls, the Mg treatment used a personalized dose of Mg supplementation that would reduce the calcium (Ca): Mg intake ratio to around 2.3. We measured plasma MCFAs, sugars, ketone bodies and tricarboxylic acid cycle (TCA cycle) metabolites using the Metabolon's global Precision Metabolomics (TM) LC-MS platform. Whole-genome shotgun metagenomics (WGS) sequencing was performed to assess microbiota in stool samples, rectal swabs, and rectal biopsies. Results: Personalized Mg treatment (mean dose 205.58 mg/day with a range from 77.25 to 389.55 mg/ day) significantly increased the plasma levels of C7:0, C8:0, and combined C7:0 and C8:0 by 18.45%, 25.28%, and 24.20%, respectively, compared to 14.15%, 10.12%, and 12.62% decreases in the placebo arm. The effects remain significant after adjusting for age, sex, race and baseline level (P = 0.0126, P = 0.0162, and P = 0.0031, respectively) and FDR correction at 0.05 (q = 0.0324 for both C7:0 and C8:0). Mg treatment significantly reduced the plasma level of sucrose compared to the placebo arm (P = 0.0036 for multivariable-adjusted and P = 0.0216 for additional FDR correction model) whereas alterations in daily intakes of sucrose, fructose, glucose, maltose and C8:0 from baseline to the end of trial did not differ between two arms. Mediation analysis showed that combined C7:0 and C8:0 partially mediated the effects of Mg treatment on total and individual ketone bodies (P for indirect effect = 0.0045, 0.0043, and 0.03, respectively). The changes in plasma levels of C7:0 and C8:0 were significantly and positively correlated with the alterations in stool microbiome a diversity (r = 0.51, p = 0.0023 and r = 0.34, p = 0.0497, respectively) as well as in stool abundance for the signatures of MCFAs-related microbiota with acyl-ACP thioesterase gene producing C7:0 (r = 0.46, p = 0.0067) and C8:0 (r = 0.49, p = 0.003), respectively, following Mg treatment. Conclusions: Optimizing Ca:Mg intake ratios to around 2.3 through 12-week personalized Mg supplementation leads to increased circulating levels of MCFAs (i.e. C7:0 and C8:0), which is attributed to enhanced production from gut microbial fermentation and, maybe, sucrose consumption. (c) 2022 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. All rights reserved.
A Four-Arm Randomized Clinical Trial of Topical Pain Control for Sentinel Node Radiotracer Injections in Patients with Breast Cancer; Background. Radioactive tracer injections for breast cancer sentinel lymph node mapping can be painful. In this randomized trial, we compared four approaches to topical pain control for radiotracer injections. Methods. Breast cancer patients were randomized (9 April 2021-8 May 2022) to receive the institutional standard of ice prior to injection (n = 44), or one of three treatments: ice plus a vibrating distraction device (Buzzy (R); n = 39), 4% lidocaine patch (n = 44), or 4% lidocaine patch plus ice plus Buzzy (R) (n = 40). Patients completed the Wong-Baker FACES (R) pain score (primary outcome) and a satisfaction with pain control received scale (secondary). Nuclear medicine technologists (n = 8) rated perceived pain control and ease of administration for each patient. At study conclusion, technologists rank-ordered treatments. Data were analyzed as intention-to-treat. Wilcoxon rank-sum tests were used to compare pain scores of control versus pooled treatment arms (primary) and then control to each treatment arm individually (secondary). Results. There were no differences in pain scores between the control and treatment groups, both pooled and individually. Eighty-five percent of patients were 'satisfied/very satisfied' with treatment received, with no differences between groups. No differences in providers' perceptions of pain were observed, although providers perceived treatments involving Buzzy (c) more difficult to administer (p < 0.001). Providers rated lidocaine patch as the easiest, with ice being second. Conclusion. In this randomized trial, no differences in patient-reported pain or satisfaction with treatment was observed between ice and other topical treatments. Providers found treatments using Buzzy (R) more difficult to administer. Given patient satisfaction and ease of administration, ice is a reasonable standard.
Efficacy of interventions to manage sexual dysfunction in women with cancer: a systematic review; Importance: Cancer and its treatment negatively affect female sexual health and function. The prevalence of female sexual dysfunction after cancer is between 33% and 43%. Numerous studies have addressed treatment options for sexual dysfunction in women with cancer, but it still remains a challenge to select the most efficacious option for patients.
Genomic evaluation for calf wellness traits in Holstein cattle; Reducing calf morbidity and mortality is important for attaining financial sustainability and improving animal welfare on commercial dairy operations. Zoetis (Kalamazoo, MI) has developed genomic predictions for calf wellness traits in Holsteins that include calf respiratory disease (RESP; recorded between 0 and 365 d of age), calf scours (DIAR; recorded between 2 and 50 d of age), and calf livability (DEAD; recorded between 2 and 365 d of age). Phenotype and pedigree data were from commercial dairies and provided directly by producers upon obtaining their permission. The number of records ranged from 741,484 for DIAR to 1,926,261 for DEAD. The number of genotyped animals was 325,025. All traits were analyzed using a univariate threshold animal model including fixed effect of year of birth x calving season x region, and random effects of herd x year of birth and animal. A total of 45,425 SNP were used in genomic analyses. Animals genotyped with low-density chips were imputed to the required number of SNP. All analyses were conducted using single-step genomic BLUP implementing the "algorithm for proven and young" (APY) animals designed to accommodate very large numbers of genotypes. Estimated heritabilities were 0.042, 0.045, and 0.060 for RESP, DIAR, and DEAD, respectively. The genomic predicted transmitting abilities ranged between -8.0 and 24.0, -11.5 and 28.5, and -6.5 to 22.8 for RESP, DIAR, and DEAD, respectively. Reliabilities of breeding values were obtained by approximation based on partitioning of a function of reliability into contributions from records, pedigree, and genotypes, where the genotype contribution was approximated using the diagonal value of the genomic relationship matrix. The average reliabilities for the genotyped animals were 41.9, 42.6, and 47.3% for RESP, DIAR, and DEAD, respectively. Estimated genornic predicted transmitting abilities and reliabilities were approximately normally distributed for all analyzed traits. Approximated genetic correlations of calf wellness with Zoetis dairy wellness traits and traits included in the US national genetic evaluation were low to moderate. The results indicate that direct evaluation of calf wellness traits under a genornic threshold model is feasible and offers predictions with average reliabilities comparable to other lowly heritable traits. Genetic selection for calf wellness traits presents a compelling opportunity for dairy producers to help manage herd replacement costs and improve overall profitability.
COMPARISON OF SUMMARIZED SIRES AND SAMPLING SIRES IN ARTIFICIAL-INSEMINATION .1. PRODUCTION AND REPRODUCTION; A breeding project was initiated in 19 state-owned Holstein herds in Pennsylvania to determine the differences in reproduction and production traits between daughters of summarized sires and sampling sires available from AI organization.  Each herd was divided randomly into two groups; females in one group were bred to summarized sires, and females in the other group were bred to sampling sires.
A prospective randomized trial comparing time different analgesic techniques for pain control during transrectal ultrasound guided prostate biopsy: a single center experience; Aim. The aim of this paper was to optimize pain control during transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) guided prostate biopsy, the efficacy and safety of three different analgesic techniques were compared.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Treatment <i>JACC</i> Focus Seminar; This is an update of the previous 2018 systematic review and meta-analysis of vitamin and mineral supplementation on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. New randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses were identified by searching the Cochrane library, Medline, and Embase, and data were analyzed using random effects models and classified by the Grading of Recommendations Assessment Development and Evaluation approach. This updated review shows similar findings to the previous report for preventive benefits from both folic acid and B vitamins for stroke and has been graded with moderate quality. No effect was seen for the commonly used multivitamins, vitamin D, calcium, and vitamin C, and an increased risk was seen with niacin (with statin) for all-cause mortality. Conclusive evidence for the benefit of supplements across different dietary backgrounds, when the nutrient is sufficient, has not been demonstrated. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial; Background
Plane of nutrition influences the performance, innate leukocyte responses, and resistance to an oral <i>Salmonella enterica</i> serotype Typhimurium challenge in Jersey calves; Two experiments investigated how plane of nutrition influences performance, leukocyte responses, and resistance to an oral Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium challenge. In experiment 1, 46 (2 +/- 1 d of age) calves were randomly assigned to 2 diets: a low (LPN; n = 23) and high plane of nutrition (HPN; n 23). The LPN calves were fed 409 g/d of dry matter (DM) of a 20% crude protein and 20% fat milk replacer, whereas HPN calves were fed 610 and 735 g/d of DM of a 28% crude protein and 25% fat milk replacer during wk 1 and 2 to 6, respectively. In experiment 2, 20 bull calves (LPN; n = 11 and HPN; n = 9) were orally challenged on d 80 with 1.5 x 10(7) cfu of Salmonella Typhimurium (ATCC #14028). The HPN calves had a greater incidence (87.5 vs. 45.5%) and duration of days with high fecal scores (5.5 vs. 3.5 d). The LPN calves had greater neutrophil surface expression of L-selectin on d 7, 21, and 42. Following the Salmonella Typhimurium challenge, calf starter DM intake was greater among the HPN calves. The percentage of neutrophils producing an oxidative burst was also greater among HPN calves on d 1 to 5 after the challenge. Similarly, the intensity of the oxidative burst tended to be greater among the HPN calves on d 2 and 3 postchallenge. The secretion of tumor necrosis factor-la from whole-blood cultures stimulated with lipopolysaccharide tended to be greater on d 1 and was greater on d 5 and 6 among HPN calves. The median ranks of haptoglobin concentrations were greater and plasma zinc concentrations tended to be decreased among LPN calves. These data indicate that feeding a HPN to Jersey calves improved average daily gain and feed efficiency, but increased the incidence of high fecal scores during the first few weeks of life; however, the HPN Jersey calves may be more resistant to Salmonella Typliimurium after weaning.
Selling, buying and eating - a synthesis study on dietary patterns across language regions in Switzerland; Purpose Cross-cultural studies on differences in eating and consumer behavior have several limitations due to differences between countries, for example, in national health policies. Switzerland combines cultural diversity between the language regions, but with a common national health policy. Therefore, Switzerland provides an ideal framework to investigate cross-cultural eating and consumer behavior. The aim of this study was to combine food consumption, purchase data and sales data to obtain a more comprehensive understanding of cultural dietary differences. Design/methodology/approach Six national Swiss studies on food consumption, one study of food sales from the largest supermarket chain in Switzerland and one national study of food purchasing were included. The estimated marginal mean of each food category in each language region was calculated using linear regression and respective linear random effect models. Findings In the French- and Italian-speaking regions more fish was sold, bought and consumed than in the German-speaking region of Switzerland. In contrast, in the German-speaking region, more milk and dairy products were sold, bought and consumed. Language regions explained sales, purchase and consumption of foods, but the findings were only consistent for fish and milk and dairy products. Originality/value If possible limitations of cross-culture studies between countries are eliminated, cultural eating and consumer differences are still visible, even in a small country like Switzerland. For the first time, the complexity of studying food consumption, purchasing and sales is shown in one study. This indicates the importance of further studies which consider these three perspectives to better understand cultural differences in eating and consumption behavior.
Topical Treatment of Basal Cell Carcinomas in Nevoid Basal Cell Carcinoma Syndrome with a Smoothened Inhibitor; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is a distinctive manifestation in nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome (NBCCS) patients. Both inherited and acquired mutations of patched 1 (PTCH1), a tumor-suppressor gene controlling the activity of Smoothened (SMO), are the primary cause of the constitutive activation of the Hedgehog (HH) pathway, leading to the emergence of BCCs in NBCCS. LDE225, a distinct, selective antagonist of SMO, showed potent inhibition of basaloid tumor nest formation and mediated regression of preformed basaloid tumors in organ cultures of skin derived from Ptch1 heterozygous knockout mice. In a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled, intraindividual study, a total of 8 NBCCS patients presenting 27 BCCs were treated twice daily with 0.75% LDE225 cream or vehicle for 4 weeks. Application of 0.75% LDE225 cream was well tolerated and showed no skin irritation. Of 13 LDE225-treated BCCs, 3 showed a complete, 9 a partial, and only 1 no clinical response. Except for one partial response, the vehicle produced no clinical response in any of the 14 treated BCCs. Treatment with 0.75% LDE225 cream in NBCCS patients was very well tolerated and caused BCC regression, thus potentially offering an attractive therapeutic alternative to currently available therapies for this indication.
'Mediterranean' dietary pattern for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
AN EVALUATION OF THE GROWTH-PROMOTING EFFECT OF THE LACTOPEROXIDASE SYSTEM IN NEWBORN CALVES; Results are reported from 4 trials in which neonatal calves were given whole milk or milk substitute containing the lactoperoxidase system. Trial 1 was a pilot trial conducted in Sweden in which calves given whole milk with the lactoperoxidase system gained significantly more weight than controls (P < 0.05). Trials 2, 3 and 4 were carried out in successive years at the National Institute for Research in Dairying [England, UK], using large numbers of newborn, female Friesian calves. In trial 2 a significant positive effect of the lactoperoxidase system with whole milk on live-weight gain was established by 3 wk of age (P < 0.05) and sustained until weaning at 5 wk. There was no significant effect of the lactoperoxidase system for the milk substitute treatment. In trial 3 the whole milk comparison from trial 2 was repeated. There was a significant positive effect of the lactoperoxidase system on the live-weight change after 2 wk of age only (P < 0.05). In trial 4, 2 different methods of activating the lactoperoxidase system were compared for calves given whole milk. There was no effect of either method on the live-weight gain of the calves. As the levels of scouring were extremely low for all calves, a comparison of the 2 methods of activating the lactoperoxidase system was not justified. The combined results from trials 2, 3 and 4 confirmed that the lactoperoxidase system significantly increased the live-weight gain of calves given whole milk, despite the fact that the overall level of mortality and incidence of scouring was low in these trials.
Effects of β-glucan with vitamin E supplementation on the physiological response, litter performance, blood profiles, immune response, and milk composition of lactating sows; Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of beta-glucan with vitamin E supplementation on the physiological response, litter performance, blood profiles, immune response, and milk composition of lactating sows.Methods: A total of 50 multiparous F1 sows (YorkshirexLandrace) with an average body weight (BW) of 233.6 & PLUSMN;4.30 kg and an average parity of 4.00 & PLUSMN;0.307 and their litters were used in this experiment. All sows were allotted to one of five treatments, taking into con-sideration BW, backfat thickness, and parity in a completely randomized design with 10 replicates. The experimental diets included a corn-soybean meal-based basal diet with or without 0.1% or 0.2% beta-glucan and 110 IU vitamin E/kg diet.Results: All treatments added with beta-glucan or vitamin E were statistically higher in the average daily feed intake (ADFI) of lactating sows compared to those of the control (Diet, p < 0.01). Additionally, the ADFI of lactating sows was significantly higher in the groups supplemented with 0.1% beta-glucan compared to 0.2% beta-glucan (BG, p < 0.01). There was an increasing trend in piglet weight at weaning (BG, p = 0.07), litter weight at the 21st day of lactation (BG, p = 0.07) and litter weight gain (BG, p = 0.08) in groups supple mented with 0.1% beta-glucan. The addition of 110 IU vitamin E/kg diet increased vitamin E concentration significantly in lactating sows (VE, p < 0.01) and exhibited a trend for higher concentrations of vitamin E (VE, p = 0.09) in piglets. Adding 0.1% beta-glucan compared to 0.2% beta-glucan induced a decrease in the concentration of tumor necrosis factor-alpha in lactating sows (BG, p = 0.06) and in piglets (BG, p = 0.09) on the 21st day of lactation. There were no significant differences in the milk composition of sows.Conclusion: Adding 0.1% beta-glucan and 110 IU vitamin E/kg to a lactating sow's diet was beneficial to the growth performance of piglets by leading to an increase in the feed intake of sows and efficiently supplying vitamin E to both the sows and piglets.
FIELD TRIAL EVALUATION OF A REO-CORONA-VIRUS CALF DIARRHEA VACCINE; Field trials were conducted using an experimental modified live virus oral vaccine for prevention of reo- and coronavirus calf diarrhea. Prior to the trials, 1 or both of the specific causative agents were identified from affected calves in each participating herd. In 21 herds sequential trials were conducted in which results of uninterrupted vaccination were compared with disease rates during a preceding or subsequent control period. In these herds there was a statistically significant reduction in the morbidity and mortality from disease in 1598 vaccinates compared with the rates in 829 prevaccination control calves. Morbidity and mortality in 206 post-vaccination control calves rose marginally above the rates in the same vaccinates. In 26 other herds, where double blind trials were conducted, rates of morbidity and mortality from disease were virtually the same for 1080 vaccinated calves and 355 placebo calves. Vaccinates in the sequential trials had the lowest morbidity and mortality rates of any test group in either field trial format. In a selected dairy herd, both field trial formats were implemented and the results compared. In a double blind trial, vaccinates and placebo calves had comparable rates of morbidity and mortality from disease. When a sequential trial was later implemented, a statistically significant reduction in morbidity and mortality occurred in vaccinates compared with rates in control calves.
Prophylaxis for mucositis induced by ambulatory chemotherapy: systematic review; Aim. The aim of this study was to perform a systematic review of clinical trials covering interventions used as prophylaxis for oral mucositis induced by ambulatory antineoplastic chemotherapy.
Analgesic effect of structured anal skin care for perianal dermatitis after low anterior resection in the rectal cancer patients: prospective, single-center, open-label, therapeutic confirmatory, randomized clinical trial; Purpose: This prospective, single-center, open-label, therapeutic confirmatory, randomized clinical trial aimed to assess the alleviation of anal pain by applying structured anal skin care including skin protectants in rectal cancer patients with low anterior resection syndrome (LARS) combined with anal pain. Methods: From December 2017 to May 2020, 42 patients with LARS (scores of =21) and anal pain (visual analogue scale [VAS] score of =3) were randomly assigned and observed for 4 weeks. The conventional treatment consisted of dietary management, sitz baths, prohibition of anal scrubbing, loperamide, and dioctahedral smectite. In the anal care group, cleanser, barrier cream, and barrier spray were applied to the anal skin after defecation following the conventional treatment. The primary outcome was analgesic effect on anal pain after 2 weeks of structured treatment (anal care group) or conventional (control group). The cutoff for analgesic effect was a decrease in the anal pain score (VAS score of =2 or =30% reduction). Results: As a primary outcome, the analgesic effect was significantly higher in the anal care group (P = 0.034). The incontinence-associated dermatitis skin condition score was significantly improved in the anal care group than control group after 4 weeks (P = 0.023). There were no significant differences in LARS scores and quality of life scores between 2 groups. Conclusion: Structured anal skin care has a significant analgesic effect in reducing anal pain and improving anal skin conditions in patients with LARS after rectal cancer surgery. [Ann Surg Treat Res 2022;103(6):360-371]
Role of diet in prostate cancer development and progression; Increasing evidence supports the important role of nutrition in cancer prevention, including prevention of prostate cancer. In this review, we summarize data for some of the most consistently observed dietary associations for prostate cancer incidence, briefly consider possible postdiagnostic effects of nutrition on prostate cancer progression/survival, discuss new but limited data on diet-gene interactions, and comment on current areas of controversy for future research focus. Potential protective dietary elements include tomatoes/lycopene,other carotenoids, cruciferous vegetables, vitamin E, selenium, fish/marine omega-3 fatty acids, soy, isoflavones and polyphenols; whereas milk, dairy, calcium, zinc at high doses, saturated fat, grilled meats, and heterocyclic amines may increase risk. It is important to note that randomized clinical trial data exist only for vitamin E, calcium, beta-carotene, and selenium (all of which suggest inverse or no association). Several genes, such as MnSOD, XRCC1, and GST, may modify the association of specific nutrients and foods with prostate cancer risk-, and further research is warranted to confirm these initial observed relationships. Until further clinical trial data are available on specific supplements and prostate cancer prevention, it would be prudent to emphasize a diet consisting of a wide variety of plant-based foods and fish; this is similar to what is recommended (and what is more well established) for the primary prevention of heart disease.
Metabolic biomarkers, body condition, uterine inflammation and response to superovulation in lactating Holstein cows; The objective was to determine associations between response to superovulation and body condition, subclinical endometritis and circulating metabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha, interleukin (IL) 1 beta, IL6, and urea] in lactating dairy cows. Ten multiparous lactating Holstein cows in each body condition score (1-5; 1 emaciated; 5 obese) category (BCSC) 2.00 to < 2.50 (BCSC1), 2.50 to < 3.00 (BCSC2), 3.00 to <3.50 (BCSC3), 3.50 to <4.00 (BCSC4) and 4.00 to 5.00 (BCSC5) groups (total n = 50) were randomly selected and superovulated, timed artificially inseminated with frozen-thawed semen from three sires and embryos collected (n = 50 collections). At embryo collection, blood samples and embryo recovery fluid were collected for determination of metabolic markers and presence of subclinical endometritis (lavage technique; > 6% PMN). In total, 379 embryos were collected (average of 7.6 embryos per superovulation). Mean numbers of total ova and embryos was greater for cows in BCSC2, BCSC3 and BCSC4 groups compared with cows in BCSC1 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Total number of transferrable embryos were greater for cows in BCSC 2 and BCSC3 groups compared with cows in BCSC1, BCSC4 and BCSC5 groups (P < 0.01). Mean number of total ova and embryos and of transferrable embryos was higher for cows with 0 or 1-6% PMN compared to cows with >6% PMN (P < 0.01). In addition, there was a quadratic association between blood urea nitrogen concentrations and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.85; P < 0.05) and between BCS and % transferrable embryos (r(2) = 0.73; P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, insulin, IGF1 and TNFa were greater in cows with moderate to good body condition compared to thin or obese cows (P < 0.05). Circulating adiponectin, leptin, IGF1 and insulin were greater in normal cows (<= 6% PMNs), whereas, TNF alpha and IL beta and IL6 were greater in cows with subclinical endometritis (P < 0.05). In conclusion, BCS and subclinical endometrial inflammation were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality. Further, circulating metabolic biomarkers were associated with superovulatory response and embryo quality, likely due to donor's metabolic status and uterine environment. Optimizing superovulatory responses and embryo quality in lactating dairy cows requires management of nutrition and uterine health. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Topical Silymarin Administration for Prevention of Capecitabine-Induced Hand-Foot Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Hand-foot syndrome (HFS) is a frequent dose-limiting adverse reaction of capecitabine in patient with gastrointestinal cancers. Silymarin is a polyphenolic flavonoid extracted from the Silybum marianum that exhibits strong antioxidant and antiinflammatory activities. In this study, we evaluated silymarin efficacy in prevention of capecitabine-induced HFS in patients with gastrointestinal cancers, as the first human study. During this pilot, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, the effect of silymarin gel 1%, which is applied on the palms and soles twice daily starting at the first day of chemotherapy for 9weeks, on HFS occurrence was assessed. Forty patients fulfilled the inclusion criteria assigned to the silymarin or placebo group. World Health Organization HFS grading scale scores were recorded at baseline and every 3weeks during these 9weeks. The median WHO HFS scores were significantly lower in silymarin group at the end of the 9(th) week (p<0.05). The scores increased significantly in both placebo and silymarin groups during chemotherapy, but there was a delay for HFS development and progression in silymarin group. Prophylactic administration of silymarin topical formulation could significantly reduce the severity of capecitabine-induced HFS and delays its occurrence in patients with gastrointestinal cancer after 9weeks of application. Copyright (c) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Effectiveness of oral electrolyte solutions with different compositions for the treatment of neonatal calves with induced osmotic diarrhea; In a randomized controlled trial, we evaluated the effects of five oral electrolyte solutions (OESs) with different compositions of water, electrolyte, and acid-base balances of diarrheal neonatal calves. Osmotic diarrhea and dehydration were induced with sucrose in milk, spironolactone, and hydrochlorothiazide for 48 h in thirty 10-day old Holstein healthy calves with 43.5 +/- 3.80 kg BW who were fed with natural milk. They were allocated to five treatment groups (n=6) based on the administered OES (commercial: OES A, B, C, D; and non-commercial: OES UEL). On the day of treatment, the calves received 6L of OES in two doses apart from milk intakes. Venous blood samples were collected at -48h (start of induction), -24h, 0h (start of the treatment day), 8h, 16h, 24h, 48h, and 72h. TPP, glucose, D-lactate, L-lactate, pH, pCO(2), HCO3-, BE, Na+, K+, Cl-, SID3, SIG, AG, A(tot) and percentage change in plasma volume (%PV) were measured or calculated and analyzed by two-way repeated measures ANOVA. All the calves developed osmotic diarrhea, mild to moderate dehydration, hyponatremia, relative hyperchloremia, and moderate to severe metabolic acidosis. The tested OESs were well accepted by the calves and effective in reversing dehydration, electrolyte imbalances, and metabolic acidosis. OES D did not completely correct hyponatremia, and SEO B caused transient hyperglycemia. It has been concluded that all the tested OESs are safe and effective for the treatment of diarrhea in calves with moderate degrees of dehydration and metabolic acidosis, which indicates that they have proper compositions for this purpose.
Implantable hemodynamic monitoring devices; Heart failure is one of the most frequent diagnoses in hospital admissions in Germany. In the majority of these admissions acute decompensation of an already existing chronic heart failure is responsible. New mostly wireless and remote strategies for monitoring, titration, adaptation and optimization are the focus for improvement of the treatment of heart failure patients and the poor prognosis. The implantation of hemodynamic monitoring devices follows the hypothesis that significant changes in hemodynamic parameters occur before the occurrence of acute decompensation requiring readmission. Three different hemodynamic monitoring devices have so far been investigated in clinical trials employing right ventricular pressure, left atrial pressure and pulmonary artery pressure monitoring. Only one of these systems, the CardioMENS HF monitoring system, demonstrated a significant reduction of hospitalization due to heart failure over 6 months in the CHAMPION trial. The systematic adaptation of medication in the CHAMPION trial significantly differed from the usual care of the control arm over 6 months. This direct day to day management of diuretics is currently under intensive investigation; however, further studies demonstrating a positive effect on mortality are needed before translation of this approach into guidelines. Without this evidence a further implementation of pressure monitoring into currently used devices and justification of the substantial technical and personnel demands are not warranted.
The influence of 3 different navel dips on calf health, growth performance, and umbilical infection assessed by clinical and ultrasonographic examination; The objectives were to investigate the effect of 3 navel dips on (1) umbilical infection, (2) health events (pneumonia, diarrhea, and arthritis), and (3) average daily gain (ADG) in newborn dairy calves. A secondary aim was to compare the agreement of standardized ultrasonographic examination with clinical examination for the diagnosis of umbilical infection. In a randomized block design, newborn calves were assigned by birth order to 3 treatment groups: Navel Guard (NG; SCG-Solutions Inc., McDonough, GA), 7% iodine tincture (SI), and 2% chlorhexidine gluconate (CH). Treatment consisted of a single dip administration of the umbilicus immediately after removal of the newborn from the calving pen with 1 of the 3 navel dips. Weekly clinical examinations were carried out during the first 4 wk of life with special attention being paid to the umbilicus, joints, respiratory tract, and fecal consistency, and included ultrasonographic evaluation of the umbilical structures. Body weight was assessed by using a girth tape at first and last evaluation. Multivariable logistic regression demonstrated no statistical differences in umbilical infection or health events. Multivariable linear regression analysis showed statistical differences in ADG (least squares means standard errors) between groups, with 494 +/- 29, 571 +/- 29, and 516 +/- 29 g/d in groups NG, SI, and CH, respectively. Overall mortality during the study period was 9.5% (n = 40). Postmortem examination identified diarrhea (80%) as the main disorder with 19, 4, and 9 calves in groups NG, SI, and CH, respectively. Kappa values yielded fair [0.30 (95% CI: -0.03-0.63)], good [0.61 (95% CI 0.46-0.75)], moderate [0.53 (95% CI 0.31-0.74)], and moderate [0.49 (95% CI 0.19-0.79)] agreement for detection of omphalitis between clinical and ultrasonographic evaluation in wk 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively. Agreement was very good for detection of omphaloplebitis, with kappa values (95% CI) of 0.91 (0.80-1.00), 0.87 (0.75-0.98), and 0.90 (0.76-1.00) in wk 2, 3, and 4, respectively, when omphalophlebitis was diagnosed. We detected no difference in the effectiveness of the 3 treatments in the prevention of umbilical infection, pneumonia, diarrhea, or arthritis.
Tetracycline, nicotinamide, and lesionally administered clobetasol as a therapeutic option to prednisone in patients with bullous pemphigoid: a comparative, retrospective analysis of 106 patients with long-term follow-up; Background Bullous pemphigoid (BP) is an autoimmune blistering disease associated with preexisting comorbidities and higher mortality. The interest in using therapy other than oral steroids in BP management results from severe complications and increased risk of death. The efficacy of oral doxycycline or whole-body application of topical clobetasol has been proven in randomized controlled trials. The case series study suggested that combination of tetracycline, nicotinamide, and lesionally administered clobetasol may also be useful. Methods We conducted a clinical 3-year retrospective study of treatment with tetracycline, nicotinamide, and lesionally administered clobetasol (TNC) in comparison to prednisone (P). Out of 106 patients (mean age 78 +/- 9.9 years) with newly diagnosed BP, 59 received tetracycline 1.5 g/daily, nicotinamide 1.2 g/daily, and 0.05% lesionally administered clobetasol cream, and 47 patients - prednisone 0.5 mg/kg daily. Results The median time to disease control was achieved after 7 days in both groups. At 4 weeks, 93.2% of patients treated with TNC and 89.1% from P group achieved disease control. The median period between complete remission and relapse was 60 days in the TNC group and 90 days in the P group (P = 0.84). At least one relapse within 1 year was noted in 32.1% of patients from the TNC group and 50% from the P group (P = 0.09). The 1-year survival for the TNC and P groups was 83% and 65.9%, respectively (P = 0.04), and the 3-year survival was 71.2% and 48% (P = 0.019), respectively. Conclusions Tetracycline and nicotinamide combined with lesionally administered clobetasol is an alternative, effective treatment with better survival rates compared to prednisone in BP.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of topicals for actinic keratosis field therapy; Cutaneous field cancerization in dermatology describes the anatomic region of photodamaged skin with actinic keratoses (AKs) or cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) that is surrounded by cellular atypia, forming a dysplastic field. The concept of field cancerization is especially relevant in dermatology, as actinic keratoses and the surrounding dysplastic region can progress to carcinomas, necessitating the treatment of the field. Recent research has focused on field-directed therapy using topical agents. This study aims to systematically review randomized controlled trials on topical treatments for actinic keratosis field cancerization, following the PRISMA guidelines. Clinical recommendations were based on the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine. We identified 20 original randomized controlled trials for topical cutaneous field therapy. 0.5% 5-Fluorouracil/salicylic acid and 0.5% 5-fluorouracil received a clinical recommendation grade of A, while diclofenac sodium received a clinical recommendation grade of B. Calcipotriol/5-fluorouracil, Imiquimod, sunscreen combination therapies, and tirbanibulin received a recommendation grade of C. This review provides a framework for clinicians when considering topical treatments for patients with field cancerization.
Full version of the 2005 Standards, Options and Recommendations for the management of procedure-related pain (lumbar puncture, bone marrow aspiration or biopsy, blood sampling) in adult patients with cancer; Context. The "Standards, Options and Recommendations" (SOR) project, started in 1993, is a collaboration between the Federation of French Cancer Centres (FNCLCC), the 20 French cancer centres, and specialists from French public universities, general hospitals and private clinics. The main objective is the development of clinical practice guidelines to improve the quality of health care and the outcome of cancer patients. The methodology is based on a literature review and with feedback from critical appraisal by a multidisciplinary group of experts, w specialists in cancer care delivery. Objectives : To establish the Standards, Options and Recommendations clinical practice guidelines for the management of procedure related pain (lumbar puncture, bone marrow aspiration or biopsy, blood sampling) in adult oncology patients. To define, on the basis of the critical appraisal of the best available evidence and expert agreement, the clinical situations in which a pain Q preventive strategy should be implemented. Methods. Medline((R)) was searched using specific search strategies from January 1966 to August 2003. Literature monitoring was performed to identify controlled clinical trials published between August 2003 to September 2004. In addition several Internet sites were searched in July 2003. Results. A total of 12 references, corresponding to 10 randomised clinical were identified. Clinical guidelines have been defined for each invasive trials, procedure.
Transient human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA) interference in CA 125 measurements during monitoring of ovarian cancer patients treated with murine monoclonal antibody; Objective. To investigate the influence of human anti-mouse antibodies (HAMA) on serial CA 125 measurements in serum of patients with epithelial ovarian cancer following single intraperitoneal (IP) therapy with Yttrium-90-labeled human milk fat globule 1 murine monoclonal antibody (Y-90-muHMFG1) as part of a large international randomized phase III trial.
Effectiveness of inulin intake on indicators of chronic constipation; a meta-analysis of controlled randomized clinical trials; Background: Constipation is an intestinal dysfunction. Prebiotics, such as inulin, can improve bowel function by positively influencing intestinal biota.
Role of a prudent breakfast in improving cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with hypercholesterolemia: A randomized controlled trial; Background & aims: It is unclear whether advising a prudent breakfast alone is sufficient to improve blood lipids and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight hypercholesterolemic" subjects. The aim of this study was to investigate whether a prudent low-fat breakfast (PB) rich in dietary fiber lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and other cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects with elevated LDL-cholesterol levels.
Incidence and risk factors for colorectal cancer in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis; IntroductionColorectal cancer (CRC) is the second leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. There is a significant burden of mortality from colorectal cancer in Africa. Due to the heterogeneity of dietary and lifestyle practices throughout Africa, our work sought to define risk factors for the development of CRC in the African continent.MethodsWe systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Global Health, CINAHL, Cochrane CENTRAL, and African Index Medicus for studies written in English, examining the incidence and risk factors of CRC in Africa. A systematic analysis was done to compare different risk factors in constituent studies. A meta-analysis random effects model was fitted to estimate the pooled incidence of CRC.ResultsOf 2471 studies screened, 26 were included for the quantitative analysis; 20 in the incidence analysis, and six in the risk factor analysis. The overall ASIR per 100,000 person-years of CRC for males and females was 7.51 and 6.22, respectively. The highest incidence rates were observed between 2012 and 2021. Risk factors for CRC in Africa include tobacco smoking, and consumption of red meat, butter, and alcohol. Protective factors included, regular consumption of fruits and regular physical activity.ConclusionThe incidence of CRC in Africa is higher than that suggested by previous studies. Our study shows that nonmodifiable and modifiable factors contribute to CRC in Africa. High-quality studies conducted on generalizable populations that examine risk factors in a comprehensive fashion are required to inform primary and secondary prevention initiatives for CRC in Africa.
Topical Diclofenac for Prevention of Capecitabine-Associated Hand-Foot Syndrome: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; PURPOSEHand-foot syndrome (HFS) is a dose-limiting side effect of capecitabine. Celecoxib prevents HFS by inhibiting cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) that is upregulated because of the underlying associated inflammation. However, systemic side effects of celecoxib have limited routine prescription. Topical diclofenac inhibits COX-2 locally with minimal risk of systemic adverse events. Therefore, we conducted this study to assess the efficacy of topical diclofenac in the prevention of capecitabine-induced HFS.METHODSIn this single-site phase III randomized double-blind trial, we enrolled patients with breast or GI cancer who were planned to receive capecitabine-based treatment. Participants were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive topical diclofenac or placebo gel for 12 weeks or until the development of HFS, whichever occurred earlier. The primary end point was the incidence of grade 2 or 3 HFS (Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 5), which was compared between the two groups using simple logistic regression.RESULTSIn total, 264 patients were randomly assigned to receive topical diclofenac gel (n = 131) or placebo (n = 133). Grade 2 or 3 HFS was observed in 3.8% of participants in the diclofenac group compared with 15.0% in the placebo group (absolute difference, 11.2%; 95% CI, 4.3 to 18.1; P = .003). Grade 1-3 HFS was lower in the diclofenac group than in the placebo group (6.1% v 18.1%; absolute risk difference, 11.9%; 95% CI, 4.1 to 19.6). Capecitabine dose reductions because of HFS were less frequent in the diclofenac group (3.8%) than in the placebo group (13.5%; absolute risk difference, 9.7%; 95% CI, 3.0 to 16.4).CONCLUSIONTopical diclofenac prevented HFS in patients receiving capecitabine. This trial supports the use of topical diclofenac to prevent capecitabine-associated HFS.
EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TOPICAL TREATMENT WITH HEPARAN-SULFATE IN SUPERFICIAL PHLEBITIS - A DOUBLE-BLIND PLACEBO-CONTROLLED TRIAL; In order to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of a cream containing heparan sulfate 1%, a double-blind study vs placebo was carried out in the therapy of superficial phlebitis secondary to orthostatic venous stasis or induced sclerotherapy.  Fifty patients were treated for one month with 2 or 3 applications per day.  After treatment with heparan sulfate 1% cream the objective clinical evaluation and the evolution of symptoms, as reported by patients, showed a statistically significant improvement for all variables except venous ectasis.  The investigator's assessment was clearly in favour of treatment with heparan sulfate cream.
Field and experimental symptomless infections support wandering donkeys as healthy carriers of <i>Trypanosoma vivax</i> in the Brazilian Semiarid, a region of outbreaks of high mortality in cattle and sheep; Background: The Brazilian Semiarid is the home of the largest herd of donkeys in South America and of outbreaks of Trypanosoma vivax infection of high mortality in dairy cattle and sheep. For a comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanisms of these outbreaks and epidemiological role of donkeys, we surveyed for T. vivax in wandering donkeys and follow the experimental infection of donkeys and sheep with a highly virulent isolate from the Semiarid.
Grape seed extract supplementation in heat-stressed preweaning dairy calves: I. Effects on antioxidant status, inflammatory response, hematological and physiological parameters; This study aimed to investigate the effects of grape seed extract (GSE) supplementation on antioxidant activity, inflammatory markers, hematological and physiological responses during the suckling period in heat-stressed calves. Sixty Holstein female calves (3 d of age, 40.6 +/- 2.17 kg of BW) were randomly divided into four dietary groups. Each group consisted of 15 calves; the milk was supplemented with 0 (CON) 25 (GSE1), 50 (GSE2), and 100 (GSE3) mg/kg BW/day of GSE. On d 3, 33, and 63 blood samples were collected, rectal temperatures (RT) and respiratory rates (RR) were measured three days a week. Calves were exposed to chronic heat stress during the study period and were weaned on d 63. Plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations decreased (P < 0.01) in all GSE supplemented groups compared to the CON group. Also, interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) concentration decreased (P = 0.03) only in calves fed GSE1. Plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) concentration increased (P = 0.02) in calves fed GSE3 on d 33 compared to the CON group, while the concentration of superoxide dismutase (SOD) was higher (P < 0.001) in the GSE2 and GSE3 groups compared to CON and GSE1. The hematocrit percentage, hemoglobin value, RBC, and eosinophil counts were higher (P < 0.01) in all GSE supplemented groups compared to CON. Calves fed GSE1, GSE2 and GSE3 had lower (P < 0.001) neutrophil count compared to CON on d 63. All GSE-supplemented groups had a decreased (P < 0.001) RR compared to CON, while calves fed GSE2 had a tendency to decrease (P = 0.10) in RT. It was concluded that supplementation with 50 and 100 mg/kg BW/ d GSE could improve antioxidant, anti-inflammatory activities, and hematological parameters of calves against oxidative stress, and also reduce the effect of heat stress by reducing the respiratory rate.
Patient preferences for topical treatment of actinic keratoses: a discrete-choice experiment; Background The treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) is a potentially effective strategy for the prevention of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). However, the patient perspective on potential benefits of AK treatment in terms of skin cancer reduction has received little attention to date. Objectives (i) To investigate patient preferences for topical treatments for AK using a discrete-choice experiment (DCE); (ii) to evaluate patient willingness to trade between clinical benefit and medical burden. Methods The DCE was conducted as part of a study to establish the feasibility of a phase III randomized controlled trial evaluating the prevention of cSCC using currently available topical interventions. Preferences were elicited by asking patients to make a series of choices between treatment alternatives with different hypothetical combinations of attribute levels. Willingness to trade between treatment attributes was estimated using a flexible-choice model that allows for the heterogeneity of patient preferences. Results A total of 109 patients with AK completed the DCE. The majority of patients who expressed valid preferences were willing to accept some reduction in both prophylactic and cosmetic efficacy to reduce the burden of the treatment regimen, the severity of skin reaction and other adverse effects. Patients may reject treatment if the perceived therapeutic benefit is outweighed by the subjective burden of treatment. Conclusions Evidence of significant variation in the perceived utility of treatments across patients highlights the importance of taking individual patient preferences into account to improve AK treatment acceptability and adherence.
Immune competence of the mammary gland as affected by somatic cell and pathogenic bacteria in ewes with subclinical mastitis; Immune competence of the ewe mammary gland was investigated by monitoring the leukocyte differential count, cytokine pattern, and endogenous proteolytic enzymes in milk samples with different somatic cell counts (SCC) and pathogenic bacteria. Furthermore, the leukocyte differential count and T-lymphocyte populations were evaluated in ewe blood. A total of 1,500 individual milk samples were randomly selected from the pool of the samples collected during sampling and grouped into 5 classes of 300 samples each, on the basis of SCC. Classes were <300,000 cells/mL, from 300,000 to 500,000 cells/mL, from 501,000 to 1,000,000 cells/mL, from 1,001,000 to 2,000,000 cells/mL, and >2,000,000 cells/mL. Microbiological analyses of ewe milk were conducted to detect mastitis-related pathogens. Sheep whose udders were without clinical abnormalities, and whose milk was apparently normal but with at least 10(3) cfu/mL of the same pathogen were considered to have subclinical mastitis and therefore defined as infected. Polymorphonuclear neutrophilic leukocytes (PMNL) and macrophages increased with SCC, whereas lymphocytes decreased. Milk samples with SCC >1,000,000 cells/mL showed differences in leukocyte populations between uninfected and infected ewes, with higher percentages of PMNL and macrophages and lower percentages of lymphocytes in infected animals. Nonviable PMNL levels were the highest in ewe milk samples with SCC <300,000 cells/mL; starting from SCC >500,000 cells/mL, nonviable PMNL were higher in uninfected ewes than in infected ones. In infected animals giving milk with SCC >1,000,000 cells/rnL, a higher CD4(+)/CD8(+) ratio was observed, suggesting that the presence of pathogens induced an activation of both CD4(+) and CD8(+). The levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and IL-12 were higher in infected than uninfected ewes, irrespective of SCC. Plasmin activity increased along with SCC and was always higher in infected than uninfected animals; cathepsin D increased starting from 1,001,000 cells/mL in milk samples from noninfected ewes and starting from 301,000 cells/mL in milk samples from infected animals. The associations between somatic cells, cytokines, endogenous proteolytic enzymes, and pathogenic bacteria can be used to better understand the pathogenesis of subclinical mastitis in ewes and the effect on the immune response of ewe mammary gland.
Inhibition of intestinal polyp growth by oral ingestion of bovine lactoferrin and immune cells in the large intestine; Studies using animal models have demonstrated that ingestion of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) inhibits carcinogenesis in the colon and other organs of experimental animals. As a result of these studies, a blinded, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted in the National Cancer Center Hospital, Tokyo, Japan to determine whether ingestion of bLF had an effect on the growth of colorectal polyps in humans. Patients with colorectal polyps a parts per thousand currency sign5 mm diameter and likely to be adenomas ingested 0, 1.5, or 3.0 g bLF daily for 1 year. Ingestion of 3.0 g bLF suppressed the growth of colorectal polyps and increased the level of serum human lactoferrin in trial participants 63 years old or younger. The purpose of the present study was to investigate correlations between immune parameters and changes in polyp size. Trial participants with regressing polyps had increased NK cell activity, increased serum hLF levels (indicating increased neutrophil activity), and increased numbers of CD4+ cells in the polyps. These findings are consistent with a correlation between higher immune activity and suppression of colorectal polyps. In addition, participants with regressing polyps had lower numbers of PMNs and increased numbers of S100A8+ cells in the polyps, consistent with a correlation between lower inflammatory potential in the colon and suppression of colorectal polyps. Trial participants ingesting bLF had increased serum hLF levels, a possible increase in systemic NK cell activity, and increased numbers of CD4+ and CD161+ cells in the polyps. Taken together, our findings suggest that bLF suppressed colorectal polyps by enhancing immune responsiveness.
Seroprevalence and comparison of isolates of endometriotropic bovine herpesvirus-4; Sixty-eight cases of suppurative, ulcerative endometritis associated with Bovine Herpesvirus-4 (BHV-4) in postparturient dairy cows (62 Holsteins and 6 Jerseys, mean age 4.2 years) were confirmed by a combination of histopathology, fluorescent antibody assays, electron microscopic evaluation of uterus, and polymerase chain reaction (PCR). All cases occurred in the 3- to 28-day postpartum period, and histologic lesions among various cows were consistent when compared with postpartum interval. The endometrial lining epithelium was necrotic and ulcerated from 3 to 7 days postpartum, with only mild inflammation in the lamina propria and submucosa. From 1 to 4 weeks postpartum, the ulcers were confluent to diffuse. Epithelium was replaced by fibrinonecrotic, suppurative mats, resulting in severe bacterial pyometra by day 24. Seroprevalence to BHV-4 in one dairy with a history of 18 mortality cases was 36% (107 of 296). In a random sample of 8 cows from this herd, none had serologic titers in blood sampled 2 weeks prepartum, but 3 of 8 seroconverted with significant titers of 1:8 to 1:16 at 2 weeks postpartum. By 10 weeks postpartum, all 8 cows returned to negative serologic status. Two of 6 cats from the premises also had positive titers. Random serum samples taken from 480 dairy cattle at sale barns indicated 76 (16%) were positive by serum neutralization. Clinical signs, postparturient timing, and histologic lesions were very similar to those previously reported in Belgium with BHV-4. But sequence analysis of PCR products of the glycoprotein B region of 4 separate field isolates of endometriotropic BHV-4 suggests these field isolates were more closely related to the North American nonvirulent strain DN-599 than to the endometriotropic European strain V.
Cheese consumption and risk of cardiovascular disease: a meta-analysis of prospective studies; Purpose Cheese contains a high content of saturated fatty acids but also lists of potentially beneficial nutrients. How long-term cheese consumption affects the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is unclear. A meta-analysis of prospective observational studies was conducted to evaluate the risks of total CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke associated with cheese consumption.
Treatment of Porokeratosis: A Systematic Review; Background Porokeratosis (PK) is a rare skin disease of unknown etiology. It consists of a keratinization disorder, which may appear in several clinical forms and can undergo malignant transformation. The histopathological hallmark of PK is the cornoid lamella. While many topical, systemic, and surgical treatment modalities for PK have been described, no randomized controlled trials have been performed yet. Because of a lack of treatment standards for PK, European and international guidelines cannot be create
Facial resurfacing for nonmelanoma skin cancer prophylaxis; Objective: To determine the effect of facial skin resurfacing for treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs) and prophylaxis against new primary basal and squamous cell carcinomas in individuals with previous nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) or severe photodamage.
Association of obesity and diabetes with thyroid nodules; There are conflicting data concerning the possibility that obesity and diabetes raise the risk of thyroid nodules. The incidence of thyroid nodules is increasing, as is that of obesity and diabetes; therefore, understanding whether these metabolic and nutritional disorders influence nodular thyroid disease is important for organizing prevention strategies. This study investigated the association between thyroid nodules, obesity, diabetes, and dietary habits.
IMMEDIATE OR LATER FEEDING FOR PREMATURE BABIES - A CONTROLLED TRIAL; A controlled trial was carried out in 239 premature babies to compare immediate feeding (usually within 2-3 hours of birth, using large volumes of milk) with later feeding (usually at 12 hours, using smaller volumes). The mortality in the "immediate" group was 17% and in the "later" group 6%. This difference is significant (P < 0.01). If, because of postmortem findings, certain cases in the "immediate" group are excluded, a substantial difference remains, although it does not quite reach statistical significance at the 5% level. Detailed analysis has produced no explanation for this difference other than the difference in feeding methods. Inhalation of vomit was a disturbingly frequent necrospy finding in the "immediate" group. Hyperbilirubinemia and hypoglycemia were less common in the "immediate" group. Although there are some good reasons for immediate feeding, it is not without danger. Modifications of the immediate-feeding regimen are suggested.
Randomized Trial to Assess the Impact of Venlafaxine and Soy Protein on Hot Flashes and Quality of Life in Men With Prostate Cancer; Purpose
Genomic evaluation for wellness traits in US Jersey cattle; The number of Jersey cows in the United States has been steadily increasing in recent years according to Council on Dairy Cattle Breeding statistics. To help producers reduce the risk of health disorders in their Jersey animals, Zoetis has developed genomic predictions for wellness traits in Jersey cattle using producer-recorded data. The traits included mastitis (MAST), metritis, retained placenta, displaced abomasum (DA), ketosis, lameness, and milk fever in cows and respiratory disease, scours, and celf livability (DEAD) in calves. Phenotypic data on health events, pedigree, and genotypes were collected directly from producers upon obtaining their permission. Each trait was defined as a binary event, having a value of 1 if an animal has been recorded with a disorder and 0 otherwise. The number of phenotypic records ranged from 216,166 for DA to 628,958 for MAST for cow traits and from 186,505 for scours to 380,429 for DEAD for calf traits. The number of genotyped animals was 41,271. All traits were analyzed using a univariate threshold animal model. The model for cow wellness traits included the fixed effect of parity and random effects of herd x year x season of calving, animal, and permanent environment. The model for calf wellness traits included the fixed effect of year of birth x calving season x region and random effects of herd x year of birth and animal. A total of 45,163 SNP were used in genomic analyses. Animals genotyped with low-density chips were imputed to the required number of markers. All analyses were based on the single-step genomic BLUP. Heritabilities ranged from 0.061 for DA to 0.120 for lameness. Predicted transmitting abilities were expressed in percentage points as deviations from the average estimated probability of a disorder in the base population. Reliabilities of genomic predicted transmitting abilities had average values between 32% (DA) and 51% (MAST and DEAD). The results indicate that a direct evaluation of cow and calf wellness traits under a genomic threshold model is feasible and offers predictions with average reliabilities comparable with other lowly heritable traits for Jersey cattle.
Effects of daily probiotic supplementation with <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> on calcium status, bone metabolism biomarkers, and bone mineral density in postmenopausal women: a controlled and randomized clinical study; Background: Menopause poses significant health risks for women, particularly an increased vulnerability to fractures associated with osteoporosis. Dietary interventions have emerged as promising strategies, focusing on mitigating the risk of osteoporosis rather than solely addressing the established disease. This 12-week randomized controlled trial aimed to analyze the effects of consuming Lactobacillus acidophilus probiotics on calcium levels, biomarkers of bone metabolism, and bone mineral density (BMD) profiles in postmenopausal women. Methods: Fifty-five participants were randomly assigned to receive either a placebo (n = 25) or the probiotic L. acidophilus UALa-01 (TM) (n = 30) daily via oral intervention. Throughout the study, evaluations included body composition, blood biochemical parameters, serum calcium levels, and biomarkers of bone metabolism. Additionally, Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure BMD profiles. Results: The findings delineated that the probiotic group experienced a decrease in serum calcium levels compared to their initial levels. However, hair calcium levels and biomarkers related to bone metabolism showed no notable changes within this group. Consumption of probiotic L. acidophilus also seemed to prevent fluctuations in bone turnover markers. Moreover, there were no significant alterations in BMD levels at the lumbar spine, left femur, and total body in the probiotic group. Additionally, probiotic intake led to favorable outcomes by significantly reducing both body fat and visceral fat during the intervention period. Conversely, an adverse effect of consuming probiotic L. acidophilus was observed with a significant increase in glucose concentration. Conclusion: In conclusion, the consumption of L. acidophilus probiotics daily for 12 weeks among postmenopausal women does not affect the profile of BMD, but it may help in stabilizing bone turnover. It is important to note that most measured parameters were within the normal range for this population. However, it is worth noting that 3 months of probiotic supplementation could potentially disrupt calcium and glucose status in postmenopausal women.
Short communication: Genetic parameters for measures of calf health in a population of Holstein calves in New York State; The objectives of this study were to estimate the genetic parameters of preweaning undifferentiated bovine respiratory disease (BRD), umbilical diseases (UMB), and bloat (BLT) for a population of Holstein calves from New York State, as well as to associate the estimated breeding values determined in the current study with traits from ongoing genetic evaluations used in Canada and the United States. Data were recorded for 7,372 heifer calves at a commercial rearing facility in New York State, from arrival at 1 to 7 d of age for the duration of stay at the facility. Performance and disease up to weaning and mortality before and after weaning were recorded. The 3 traits of interest, BRD, UMB, and BLT, were scored as 0 or 1 and analyzed using a multivariate linear sire model. The model included fixed effects of arrival weight, serum total protein, weaning weight, and season and year of birth; herd and sire were included as random effects. The heritabilities of the 3 health traits of interest were estimated at 0.09 for BRD, 0.14 for UMB, and 0.04 for BLT. The genetic correlation between the calf health traits BRD and BLT was 0.62. Correlations between BRD and UMB and between BLT and UMB were close to zero. Breeding values were estimated for the 3 calf health traits and correlated with routinely evaluated traits from Canadian and US genetic evaluations (correlations ranged from -0.42 to 0.32). Significant differences existed among Holstein sires for calf health during the preweaning period.
Risk of stomach cancer in relation to consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee in Warsaw, Poland; To identify reasons for the high incidence rates of stomach cancer in Poland, we conducted a population-based case-control study in Warsaw, Cases were residents aged 21 to 79 years who were newly diagnosed with stomach cancer between March 1, 1994, and April 30, 1997, Controls were randomly selected from Warsaw residents registered at the nationwide Polish Electronic System of Residence Evidency, frequency-matched to cases by age and sex, Information on demographic characteristics; consumption of cigarettes, alcohol, tea and coffee; diet; medical history; family history of cancer; occupational history; and living conditions during adolescence was elicited by trained interviewers using a structured questionnaire. Included were 464 cases (90% of eligible) and 480 controls (87% of eligible). Among men, the risk of stomach cancer was significantly elevated among current smokers (OR = 1.7, 95% CI = 1.1-2.7) but not among former smokers. The excess risk was largely confined to long-term and heavy smokers, with significant 2-fold excess risk among men who smoked 40 or more pack-years. Among women, an 80% increase in risk was observed in both current and former smokers but dose-response trends were less consistent than among men, Alcohol consumption was not clearly related to risk, and no association was found for drinking regular coffee or herbal tea or using milk/cream in coffee or tea. A significant reduction in risk was linked to daily tea drinking among women, but not among men. Our findings confirm an association with cigarette smoking, which is estimated to account for approximately 20% of stomach cancers diagnosed among Warsaw residents during the study period. Published 1999 Wiley-Liss, Inc.(dagger).
Survey on the prevalence of bovine abortions and practices of declaration and management by practicing veterinarians in Algeria; Whether the cause is infection or not, abortions result in major economic losses on Algerian cattle farms. However, little is known about their prevalence and the factors influencing their notification by Algerian veterinarians. In order to bridge this knowledge gap, an epidemiological survey was conducted between September 2014 and February 2016, in the form of direct interviews with 331 veterinarians randomly distributed in ten wilayas (regions) in northern and central Algeria. Influencing factors were analysed using a univariate, then multivariate, logistic regression model and a classification tree analysis. The statistical significance was set to 5% (p value of 0.05). According to 48.7% of the veterinarians interviewed, the average prevalence of abortions on the dairy farms monitored by each veterinarian during the past 12 months was greater than 5%. The results of the multivariate logistic regression model confirmed that abortion notification is far more systematic if accompanied by sampling for laboratory diagnosis (odds ratio [OR] = 467; confidence interval [CI] 95%: 56-3,897; p < 0.001). Conversely, notification is less frequent if the abortion occurred during the summer (OR = 0.14; CI 95%: 0.03-0.58; p = 0.007). The classification tree generated from the survey data indicates that the three variables most predictive of abortion notification are (in decreasing order of importance): sampling for laboratory analysis to identify the cause of abortions; the wilaya of origin; and the season during which the abortions occurred. Finally, an overall weighted score (on a scale of 0 to 100) was assigned to allow evaluation of the notification and management of bovine abortions by veterinarians. Evidently there is plenty of scope for improvement because two-thirds of veterinarians achieved scores between 0 and 25. Recommendations were made to improve notification and the management of bovine abortions in Algeria, including publishing an agreed standard procedure for abortions, conducting information and awareness-raising campaigns aimed at farmers and veterinarians and allocating additional resources to laboratory analysis of the causes of abortion and incentives to encourage notification of abortions. Another proposal was the creation of an agricultural fund to compensate cattle farmers for losses resulting from bovine abortions caused by notifiable diseases.
COMPARISON OF IONTOPHORESIS OF LIDOCAINE WITH A EUTECTIC MIXTURE OF LIDOCAINE AND PRILOCAINE (EMLA) FOR TOPICALLY ADMINISTERED LOCAL-ANESTHESIA; BACKGROUND.  Almost all dermatologic surgery is accomplished using local anesthesia.  To make our patients more comfortable, there is a constant search for less painful methods of administering anesthetic agents.  Topical EMLA as well as iontophoresis are both useful in this regard.
Effects of administering progesterone at selected intervals after insemination of synchronized heifers on pregnancy rates and resynchronization of returns to service; In 3 separate trials at 2 locations, dairy heifers (n = 396) were treated with a Controlled Internal Drug Release (CIDR) progesterone device(4) for 9 d. On Day 7 of CIDR treatment, all heifers were injected with PGF(2 alpha)(5). Synchronized estruses were detected using a tailpaint and chalk (TPC) scoring system. An animal's tailhead was painted at device insertion, and this strip was covered with a contrasting color of chalk at device removal. Over all trials, 85.1% of the heifers were detected in estrus and were inseminated at 48 or 72 hours after CIDR removal. These synchronized and inseminated heifers were divided into the following treatment groups: 1) untreated controls, receiving no further treatment (n = 138); 2) post-insemination progesterone supplementation with a new (n = 59) or used (n = 29) CIDR device for Days 1 to 8 or 2 to 9, respectively, following insemination; or 3) resynchronization of return to service with a used CIDR device for Days 17 to 22 after insemination (n = 112). The pregnancy rate to first insemination in the control and resynchronized groups (Groups 1 and 3) was 45.4 %, but decreased to 18.2 % with the post-insemination progesterone supplementation. Resynchronization of returns to service (estrus detected 1 to 4 d following removal of second CIDR) occurred in 58.9 % of all nonpregnant heifers in Group 3. In summary, CIDR devices used in conjunction with PGF(2 alpha) effectively synchronize estrus in dairy heifers. Progesterone supplementation within 2 d of first insemination for 7 d suppressed fertility. Used CIDR devices inserted for Days 17 to 22 after first insemination resynchronized heifers not pregnant to first insemination.
Neonatal lipopolysaccharide exposure does not diminish the innate immune response to a subsequent lipopolysaccharide challenge in Holstein bull calves; The innate immune response following experimental mastitis is quite variable between individual dairy cattle. An inflammatory response that minimizes collateral damage to the mammary gland while still effectively resolving the infection following pathogen exposure is beneficial to dairy producers. The ability of a lipopolysaccharide (LPS) exposure in early life to generate a low-responding phenotype and thus reduce the inflammatory response to a later-life LPS challenge was investigated in neonatal hull calves. Ten Holstein bull calves were randomly assigned to either an early life LPS (ELL) group (n = 5) or an early life saline (ELS) group (n = 5). At 7 d of age, calves received either LPS or saline, and at 32 d of age, all calves were challenged with an intravenous dose of LPS to determine the effect of the early life treatment (LPS or saline) on the immune response generated toward a subsequent LPS challenge. Dermal fibroblast and monocyte-derived macrophage cultures from each calf were established at age 20 and 27 d, respectively, to model sustained effects from the early life LPS exposure on gene expression and protein production of components within the ITS response pathway. The ELL calves had greater levels of plasma IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a than the ELS calves following the early life LPS or saline treatments. However, levels of these 2 immune markers were similar between ELL and ELS calves when both groups were subsequently challenged with LPS. A comparison of the in vitro LPS responses of the ELL and ELS calves revealed similar patterns of protein production and gene expression following an LPS challenge of both dermal fibroblast and monocyte-derived macrophage cultures established from the treatment groups. Whereas an early life exposure to LPS did not result in a dampened inflammatory response toward a later LPS challenge in these neonatal hull calves, the potential that exposure to inflammation or stress in early life or in utero can create an offspring with a low-responding phenotype as an adult is intriguing and has been documented in rodents. Further work is needed to determine if an inflammatory exposure in utero in a dairy animal would result in a low-responding innate immune phenotype.
Hepatic metabolic response of Holstein cows in early and mid lactation is altered by nutrient supply and lipopolysaccharide in vitro; The metabolic response of the liver during periods of inflammation is poorly understood. The objective of this study was to characterize the effects of nutrient supply and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge on hepatic intermediate metabolism of early- and mid-lactation cows by employing gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with stable isotope tracer. Twelve multiparous Holstein-Friesian cows in early (n = 6; 12 +/- 4.2 d in milk) and mid (n = 6; 115 +/- 13.5 d in milk) lactation were used for this study. Liver biopsies were performed on all cows. Liver slices (40-60 mg) were incubated in a 37 degrees C water bath for 2 h with either control (phosphate buffered saline), pyruvate (PYR; 1 mM unlabeled pyruvate and 1 mM [C-13(3)]pyruvate), pyruvate + propionate (PYR+PRO; 1 mM unlabeled pyruvate, 1 mM [C-13(3)] pyruvate, and 2 mM sodium propionate), or pyruvate + AA (PYR+AA; 1 mM unlabeled pyruvate, 1 mM [C-13(3)] pyruvate, and 2 mM AA solution), and LPS (0.0 or 0.2 mu g/mL) was added to flasks per treatment. Enrichment of isotopomers in metabolic equilibrium with Krebs cycle intermediates was assessed. Pyruvate fluxes and the enzymatic activity of pyruvate carboxylase (PC) versus pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) and phosphoenol pyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) were calculated. Media were analyzed for concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha), glucose, and haptoglobin. Data were analyzed as randomized block (stage of lactation) design in a factorial arrangement of nutrient treatments by LPS dose. Challenge with LPS increased the mRNA abundance of TNF-a, haptoglobin, and serum amyloid A 2, and the concentration of TNF-a in media. Challenge with LPS increased mRNA abundance of PC but reduced the enrichment of C-13(1) [M1] and C-13(2)[M2] alanine and tended to reduce the enzymatic activity of PEPCK. Incubation with PYR+PRO and PYR+AA increased the flux of pyruvate to acetyl CoA. However, only PYR+PRO increased the enzymatic activity of PEPCK and PDH versus PC and decreased the mRNA abundance of PC. Cows in early lactation tended to receive a greater contribution of pyruvate to the oxaloacetate flux via the lower PDH versus PC activity and a higher mRNA abundance of PC than cows in mid lactation. Our results suggest that regardless of stage of lactation and nutrient supplement, hepatic gluconeogenesis was impaired during inflammation. Further research examining how various nutrients support liver function and improve the immunometabolic response of liver during inflammation is warranted.
Estimation of genetic parameters for birth weight, preweaning mortality, and hot carcass weight of crossbred pigs; Genetic parameters for birth weight (BWT), preweaning mortality (PWM), and HCW were estimated for a crossbred pig population to determine if BWT could be used as an early predictor for later performances. Sire genetic effects for those traits were estimated to determine if early selection of purebred sires used in crossbreeding could be improved. Data were recorded from 1 commercial farm between 2008 and 2010. Data were from 24,376 crossbred pigs from Duroc sires and crossbred Large White x Landrace dams and included 24,376 BWT and PWM records and 13,029 HCW records. For the analysis, PWM was considered as a binary trait (0 for live or 1 for dead piglet at weaning). A multitrait threshold-linear animal model was used, with animal effect divided into sire genetic and dam effects; the dam effects included both genetic and environmental variation due to the absence of pedigree information for crossbred dams. Fixed effects were sex and parity for all traits, contemporary groups for BWT and HCW, and age at slaughter as a linear covariable for HCW. Random effects were sire additive genetic, dam, litter, and residual effects for all traits and contemporary group for PWM. Heritability estimates were 0.04 for BWT, 0.02 for PWM, and 0.12 for HCW. The ratio between sire genetic and total estimated variances was 0.01 for BWT and PWM and 0.03 for HCW. Dam and litter variances explained, respectively, 14% and 15% of total variance for BWT, 2% and 10% for PWM, and 3% and 8% for HCW. Genetic correlations were -0.52 between BWT and PWM, 0.55 between BWT and HCW, and -0.13 between PWM and HCW. Selection of purebred sires for higher BWT of crossbreds may slightly improve survival until weaning and final market weight at the commercial level.
Long-term soy isoflavone supplementation and cognition in women A randomized, controlled trial; Objective: To determine the cognitive effects of long-term dietary soy isoflavones in a daily dose comparable to that of traditional Asian diets.
Diet, serum insulin-like growth factor-I and IGF-binding protein-3 in European women; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein-3 in women.
Soy protein isolate increases urinary Estrogens and the ratio of 2:16α-hydroxyestrone in men at high risk of prostate cancer; Specific estrogen metabolites may initiate and promote hormone-related cancers. In epidemiological studies, significantly lower excretion of urinary estradiol (E2) and lower ratio of urinary 2-hydroxy estrogens to 16 alpha-hydroxyestrone (2:16 OH-E1) have been reported in prostate cancer cases compared to controls. Although soy supplementation has been shown to increase the ratio 2:16 OH-E1 in women, no studies to our knowledge have investigated the effects of soy supplementation on estrogen metabolism in men. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to determine the effects of soy protein isolate consumption on estrogen metabolism in men at high risk for developing advanced prostate cancer. Fifty-eight men supplemented their habitual diets with I of 3 protein isolates: 1) isoflavone-rich soy protein isolate (SPI+) (107 mg isoflavones/d); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein isolate SPI-) (<6 mg isoflavones/d); or 3) milk protein isolate (MPI), each providing 40 g protein/d. At 0, 3, and 6 mo of supplementation, the urinary estrogen metabolite profile was measured by GC-MS. Both soy groups had higher E2 excretion than the MPI group at 3 and 6 mo. After 6 mo of supplementation, the SPI+ group had a significantly higher urinary 2:16 OH-E1 ratio than the MPI group, Increased urinary E2 excretion and 2:16 OH-E1 ratio in men consuming soy protein isolate are consistent with studies in postmenopausal women and suggest that soy consumption may be beneficial in men at high risk of progressing to advanced prostate cancer as a result of effects on endogenous estrogen metabolism.
Combined supplementation of sodium humate and glutamine reduced diarrhea incidence of weaned calves by intestinal microbiota and metabolites changes; This study was conducted to investigate the effects of combined supplementation of sodium humate (HNa) and glutamine (Gln) on growth performance, diarrhea incidence, serum parameters, intestinal microbiome, and metabolites of weaned calves. In Exp. 1, 40 calves were randomly assigned to four treatments: 1) NC (negative control, basal diet), 2) 1% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 1 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily), 3) 3% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 3 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily), and 4) 5% H+1% G (basal diet extra orally gavaged with 5 g of HNa and 1 g of Gln daily). The HNa and Gln were together mixed with 100 mL of milk replacer (51 to 58 d of age) or water (59 to 72 d of age) and orally administrated to each calf from a bottle before morning feeding. In a 21-d trial, calves on the 5% HNa+1% Gin group had higher (P < 0.05) average daily gain (ADG) and lower (P < 0.05) diarrhea incidence than those in the control group. In Exp. 2, 20 calves were randomly assigned to two treatments fed with a basal diet and a basal diet supplemented with 100 mL of 5% HNa+1% Gln. In a 21-d trial, calves supplemented with HNa and Gln had higher (P < 0.05) ADG, IgG concentration and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) activities in the serum, but lower (P < 0.05) diarrhea incidence, as well as serum diamine oxidase (DAO), D-isomer of lactic acid (D-lac), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations compared with control group. Results of intestinal microbiota indicated that supplementation with HNa and Gln significantly increased (P < 0.05) the abundance of intestinal beneficial microbiota. Moreover, supplementation with HNa and Gln altered 18 metabolites and enriched 6 Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathways in weaned calves. In conclusion, combined supplementation with HNa and Gln could decrease diarrhea incidence of weaned calves via altering intestinal microbial ecology and metabolism profile.
Effect of combination of Beta Glucan and<i> Lactobacillus</i><i> rhamnosus</i> HerizI on white blood cell counts and serum levels of IL-4 and IL-12 in women with breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy: A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial; Background: Aim of this study was the isolation of native probiotic and determine the effect of combination of Beta Glucan and Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I on White Blood Cell Counts and serum levels of IL-4and IL-12 in breast cancer women receiving Chemotherapy. Methods: This study was randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial in 30 women with breast cancer. Women in the intervention group received two 10-mg capsules of soluble 1-3,1-6, D -beta glucan and one capsule of Lactobacillus rhamnosus strain Heriz I (2 x 107 CFU) daily and placebo group received placebo during 21days, interval between two courses of chemotherapy. White blood cells, neuthrophil, lymphocyte and monocyte counts, serum levels of IL-4 and IL-12 were measured before and after the study. Results: We isolated Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I from conventional yogurt of Heriz region and registered in NCBI GeneBank. After administration, in both groups white blood cells counts decreased. At the end of study, serum level of IL-4 was decreased in combination group compared to placebo (P = 0.005). Also, serum level of IL-12 in combination group increased non-significantly (P = 0.066). Conclusion: The findings suggest that combination of Beta Glucan and Lactobacillus rhamnosus Heriz I may be useful as immunomodulary supplements in chemotherapy patients however further studies were needed. (c) 2024 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Topical treatment of actinic keratoses in organ transplant recipients: a feasibility study for SPOT (Squamous cell carcinoma Prevention in Organ transplant recipients using Topical treatments); Background The risk of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC) is significantly increased in organ transplant recipients (OTRs). Clearance of actinic keratoses (AKs) is generally regarded as a surrogate biomarker for cSCC prevention. OTR-cSCC chemoprevention with topical AK treatments has not been investigated in randomized controlled trials (RCTs), although there is evidence that 5% 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) may be chemoprotective in immunocompetent patients. Objectives To assess the feasibility, activity and evaluation outcomes relevant to the design of a future phase III RCT of topical cSCC chemoprevention in OTRs. Methods OTRs with 10 or more AKs in predefined areas were randomized 1 : 1 : 1 to topical 5-FU, 5% imiquimod (IMIQ) or sunscreen (sun-protective factor 30+) in a phase II, open-label RCT over 15 months. Feasibility outcomes included proportions of eligible OTRs randomized, completing treatment and willing to be re-treated. AK activity [AK clearance, new AK development, patient-centred outcomes (toxicity, health-related quality of life, HRQoL)] and evaluation methodology (clinical vs. photographic) were assessed. Results Forty OTRs with 903 AKs were randomized. All feasibility outcomes were met (56% of eligible OTRs were randomized; 89% completed treatment; 81% were willing to be re-treated). AK activity analyses found 5-FU and IMIQ were superior to sunscreen for AK clearance and prevention of new AKs. 5-FU was more effective than IMIQ in AK clearance and prevention in exploratory analyses. Although toxicity was greater with 5-FU, HRQoL outcomes were similar. Conclusions Trials of topical AK treatments in OTRs for cSCC chemoprevention are feasible and AK activity results support further investigation of 5-FU-based treatments in future phase III trials.
Nutritional habits and lifestyle practice of elderly people in Hungary; The aim of this study was to investigate the nutritional habits and lifestyle practice of elderly people living in their own home. Altogether 213 subjects (men over 65 years, women over 60 years), were recruited randomly from a primary care office in Budapest.
Survey of the prevalence of bovine abortions and notification and management practices by veterinary practitioners in Algeria; Whether the cause is infection or not, abortions result in major economic losses on Algerian cattle farms. However, little is known about their prevalence and the factors influencing their notification by Algerian veterinarians. In order to bridge this knowledge gap, an epidemiological survey was conducted between September 2014 and February 2016, in the form of direct interviews with 331 veterinarians randomly distributed in ten wilayas (regions) in northern and central Algeria. Influencing factors were analysed using a univariate, then multivariate, logistic regression model and a classification tree analysis. The statistical significance was set to 5% (p value of 0.05). According to 48.7% of the veterinarians interviewed, the average prevalence of abortions on the dairy farms monitored by each veterinarian during the past 12 months was greater than 5%. The results of the multivariate logistic regression model confirmed that abortion notification is far more systematic if accompanied by sampling for laboratory diagnosis (odds ratio [OR] = 467; confidence interval [CI] 95%: 56-3,897; p < 0.001). Conversely, notification is less frequent if the abortion occurred during the summer (OR = 0.14; CI 95%: 0.03-0.58; p = 0.007). The classification tree generated from the survey data indicates that the three variables most predictive of abortion notification are (in decreasing order of importance): sampling for laboratory analysis to identify the cause of abortions; the wilaya of origin; and the season during which the abortions occurred. Finally, an overall weighted score (on a scale of 0 to 100) was assigned to allow evaluation of the notification and management of bovine abortions by veterinarians. Evidently there is plenty of scope for improvement because twothirds of veterinarians achieved scores between 0 and 25. Recommendations were made to improve notification and the management of bovine abortions in Algeria, including publishing an agreed standard procedure for abortions, conducting information and awareness-raising campaigns aimed at farmers and veterinarians and allocating additional resources to laboratory analysis of the causes of abortion and incentives to encourage notification of abortions. Another proposal was the creation of an agricultural fund to compensate cattle farmers for losses resulting from bovine abortions caused by notifiable diseases.
Serum immunoglobulin G concentrations in calves fed fresh colostrum or a colostrum supplement; This study compared serum immumoglobulin G (IgG) concentrations in calves fed colostrum with those of calves fed a colostrum supplement containing spray-dried serum. Twenty-four Holstein calves were randomly assigned to I of 2 treatment groups (fresh colostrum or colostrum supplement). Each calf was fed 4 L of colostrum (n(1) = 12) or 4 L of colostrum supplement (n(2) = 12) via oroesophageal intubation at 3 hours of age. The concentration of the colostrum supplement fed to calves was twice the manufacturer's recommendation. The median and range values for colostral IgG concentration were 6,430 mg/dL and 1,400-17,000 mg/dL, respectively. Median serum IgG concentrations at 2 days of age differed significantly (P =.001) between calves receiving fresh colostrum (3,350 mg/dL) and the colostrum supplement (643 mg/dL). Eight percent of calves force fed colostrum had serum IgG concentrations < 1,000 mg/dL, whereas 75% of calves force-fed supplement had IgG concentrations below this threshold. The calculated population relative risks for mortality associated with passive transfer for calves force-fed colostrum and calves force-fed colostrum supplement were 1.09 and 1.90, respectively. Force-fed fresh colostrum is superior to the colostrum supplement studied, but the colostrum supplement has similar efficacy to routine colostrum administration practices.
Treatment of genital warts with an immune-response modifier (imiquimod); Background: Genital warts are a common sexually transmitted disease caused by human papillomavirus. Imiquimod is a novel immune-response modifier capable of inducing a variety of cytokines, including interferon alfa, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, as well as interleukins 1, 6, and 8. In animal models imiquimod has demonstrated antiviral, antitumor, and adjuvant activity. In vitro, imiquimod has no antiviral or antitumor activity.
Vaginal Estrogen Therapy for the Treatment of Atrophic Vaginitis; The prevalence of atrophic vaginitis (AV) is particularly high among postmenopausal women who experience decreased ovarian estrogen production. This common menopausal condition, which is often underreported and underdiagnosed, is caused by estrogen-related changes to the vaginal epithelium and can adversely affect quality of life. An accurate diagnosis of AV and its severity is important in choosing the appropriate treatment. Numerous formulations for estrogen therapy are available, and the safety and efficacy of these preparations for the treatment of AV have been evaluated in randomized controlled clinical trials. Although systemic administration of estrogen is effective in treating acute vasomotor symptoms typically associated with perimenopause and early menopause, standard doses may not be sufficient for the treatment of AV-related symptoms that generally arise after long-term estrogen deficiency. Thus, vaginal estrogen preparations (e.g., creams, tablets, rings) are more often recommended for women with moderate to severe AV. With any estrogen therapy, consideration of the potential adverse effects vs. associated benefits is necessary. Appropriate clinical intervention with vaginal estrogen formulations may safely offer postmenopausal women relief from undesirable symptoms and emotional distress associated with AV.
Long-term follow-up results of a pilot study for nodular basal cell carcinoma with PDT using partial home treatment protocol; Significance: Evaluate a photodynamic therapy (PDT) protocol for low-risk basal cell carcinoma (BCC) treatment that requires less time spent at the hospital and is less painful. Approach: Eight BCCs were selected, debulked, and received 20 % methyl aminolevulinate cream. After 3 h, the first irradiation was performed at the hospital (20 min, 150 J/cm2). Then, the cream was re-applied, and a portable irradiation prototype was fixed to the skin around the lesion. After 1.5 h, the patients turned on the prototype for irradiation at home (for 2 h, totalizing 312 J/cm2). Disease-free survival rate and pain score during irradiations were evaluated. Results: The clearance at 30 days after PDT was 87.5 % by histological analysis. The mean follow-up was 21.5 months and the recurrence-free survival at 22 months was 75 %. The pain score was significantly lower at home. Conclusions: A potentially less painful and more comfortable PDT treatment protocol with proven long-term efficiency is presented. A randomized clinical trial has been conducted to confirm these results.
Reducing the symptoms of lymphoedema: Is there a role for aromatherapy?; Lymphoedema is a chronic and debilitating condition caused by lymphatic insufficiency, which may have serious physical, social and psychological implications for the patient. It is usually managed by a combination of strategies aimed at protecting and decongesting the oedematous limb(s) and stimulating the development of supplementary lymphatic pathways to control swelling in the long-term. However, it is not known which therapies are the most effective. Anecdotally, the addition of aromatherapy oils to massage cream may have a positive effect on symptom relief in people with cancer, although evidence is again lacking. This paper describes a randomized trial of self-massage and skin care using a cream containing aromatherapy oils versus self-massage and skin care using a cream without aromatherapy oils on objective limb volume measurements and symptom relief as measured by the Measure Yourself Medical Outcome Profile 2 (MYMOP2) in a sample of people with lymphoedema. Results indicate that self-massage and skin care significantly improved patient-identified symptom relief and wellbeing for this sample. It also slightly, but not significantly reduced limb volume. However, aromatherapy oils, carefully chosen on the basis that they should benefit this group, did not appear to influence any improvement in these measures. (C) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The impact of PUFA-enriched yogurt consumption on cardiovascular risk markers: A review; Background: Yogurt, as one of the mass consumption dairy products worldwide, has been made a carrier of bioactive compounds, such as polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Since cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of mortality worldwide dietary trends, including PUFAs-enriched yogurts, can be used to address this public health issue and contribute to a better healthcare. Objective: This work describes the effects of the consumption of yogurt enriched with PUFAs on cardiovascular biomarkers.Methods: A systematic review following the PRISMA methodology was done by gathering relevant published randomized controlled trials in adult population from 2000 to 2021 through Cochrane, PubMed, and Scopus. To control bias, we examined Cochrane Handbook recommendations.Results: In the works reviewed, PUFAs-functionalized yogurt led to a reduction of triglycerides (TG) in plasma and an increase in the expression of the peroxisome proliferator- activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma). PUFA supplementation in yogurt did not alter body weight or low-density lipoprotein (LDL) plasma levels. A dose of 200 g/d of PUFAs-enriched yogurt (PUFAs content range between 0.64% and 16.02% w/w) was identified. Among the tested PUFA sources (plant, seaweed, and animal), with which yogurt was supplemented, fish oil resulted in the best cardiovascular health benefits across interventions.Conclusions: Although, all of the reviewed interventions with PUFAs- functionalized yogurt revealed variable effects on cardiovascular health, these still represent a limited number, and more studies are necessary to draw stronger conclusions and actionable information.
A randomized controlled clinical trial of topical photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate in the treatment of actinic keratoses in transplant recipients; Background Transplant recipients have an increased propensity to develop multiple actinic keratoses, which demonstrate an increased transformation rate into invasive squamous cell carcinoma.
Food groups and risk of colorectal cancer; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to summarize the evidence on the relationship between intake of 12 major food groups, including whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruit, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat and sugar-sweetened beverages with risk of colorectal cancer (CRC). We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Embase for prospective studies investigating the association between these 12 food groups and risk of CRC until April 2017. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated using a random effects model for high vs. low intake categories, as well as for linear and nonlinear relationships. An inverse association was observed for whole grains (RR30g/d: 0.95, 95% CI 0.93, 0.97; n=9 studies), vegetables (RR100g/d: 0.97, 95% CI 0.96, 0.98; n=15), fruit (RR100g/d: 0.97, 95% CI 0.95, 0.99; n=16) and dairy (RR200g/d: 0.93, 95% CI 0.91, 0.94; n=15), while a positive association for red meat (RR100g/d: 1.12, 95% CI 1.06, 1.19; n=21) and processed meat (RR50g/d: 1.17, 95% CI 1.10, 1.23; n=16), was seen in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. Some evidence for nonlinear relationships was observed between vegetables, fruit and dairy and risk of colorectal cancer. Findings of this meta-analysis showed that a diet characterized by high intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruit and dairy products and low amounts of red meat and processed meat was associated with lower risk of CRC.
Topical administration of isoflavones for treatment of vaginal symptoms in postmenopausal women: A systematic review of randomised controlled trials; Current systematic review evaluated the efficacy of topical isoflavones to relieve vaginal symptoms in menopausal women. MEDLINE (1966 to January 2014), Scopus (1990 to January 2014), and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library issue 1, 2013) were searched using keywords 'isoflavone and vagina'. Relevant studies were reviewed by two independent reviewers. Only randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the systematic review. Out of 115 potentially relevant publications, four studies met the inclusion criteria. Topical isofl avones showed beneficial effects on dyspareunia, vaginal dryness and maturation value. Based on only one trial, the result of conjugated equine oestrogen cream (0.3 mg/day) was similar to use of isoflavone vaginal gel and superior to that of placebo gel. However, drawing any definite conclusion was difficult because of the limited number of RCTs, the small sample sizes, weak methodology and considerable heterogeneity of the included studies.
Topical imiquimod - A review of its use in the management of anogenital warts, actinic keratoses, basal cell carcinoma and other skin lesions; Topical imiquimod 5% cream (Aldara(TM)) is an immune response modulator that is indicated for the treatment of external anogenital warts, superficial basal cell carcinoma and actinic keratoses. The cream is applied two to five times per week for varying periods, depending on the indication. Topical imiquimod cream has also been evaluated in the treatment of several other skin conditions.
The efficacy of medicinal plant preparations in the alleviation of radiodermatitis in patients with breast cancer: A systematic review of clinical trials; Radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients varies from mild irritation to life-threatening lesions. Several studies suggest a role for topical corticosteroid ointments in the treatment of radiodermatitis. Yet, to avoid the adverse effects of corticosteroids, many authors recommend the use of topical herbal products instead. The therapeutic role of herbal treatments has yet to be fully understood. This systematic review evaluates the role of topical or oral herbal medicines in radiodermatitis prevention and treatment. A systematic search of four databases (Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus) was performed without language and time restrictions from their inception until April 2023. The bibliographies of potential articles were also searched manually. Studies evaluated and compared the effects of herbal preparations with the control group, on dermatitis induced by radiotherapy for breast cancer. The Cochrane risk of bias tool was used to assess the included studies. Thirty-five studies were included in the systematic review. Studies which used herbal drugs including topical and oral formulations were evaluated. Herbal monotherapy and combination therapy were reported, and their effects on radiodermatitis were explained in the systematic review. In conclusion, henna ointments, silymarin gel, and Juango cream were reported to reduce the severity of radiodermatitis. These agents should be considered for radiodermatitis prophylaxis and treatment. The data on aloe gel and calendula ointment were conflicting. Further randomized controlled trials of herbal medications and new herbal formulations are required to determine their effects on breast cancer radiodermatitis.
Primary prevention of breast cancer: continued rise of the epidemic disease worldwide, in the 1990s, and the strategy of the proposed European joint research project; Breast cancer (BC) suddenly rose all over the world in the 1980s and accelerated its rise in the 1990s, affecting mainly the advanced countries of the West. With the new knowledge of a significant barrier-contraception related risk factors (condoms or withdrawal), it was postulated that the carcinogenic process in the breast could be reversed, prevented and controlled. Purpose: primary (non-chemical) prevention of BC and breast diseases in the community. The intervention trial in three culturally similar and different populations of South-East Europe, Skopje, Plovdiv, and Ioannina, during 3 years. Objectives: carrying out a community trial smd intervention with advice for and supply of non-barrier devices to the patients with breast-diseases and established BC risk factors; and assessment of the preventive impact of the intervention in the community. Aim: to investigate women of reproductive age, 18-50 years, with breast diseases (cases), along the same number of healthy women (controls). Basic strategy of BC prevention: conversion of the barrier contraception into an adequate family-planning practice with non-barrier contraceptive methods (diaphragm, pills, IUDs, rhythm, creams, tubal ligation). Investigation by: interviewing (questionnaire), examinations (mammography, ultrasonography, physical check-up, markers); establishing baseline, pre-test, data; following-up of all women for 3 years, with post-test outcomes, for comparison. Expected results: BC significantly reduced and prevented in the community, by condom-use elimination, and conversion into non-barrier fertility-control practices. Confirmation of BC as a preventable health problem.
Effects of chronic environmental cold on growth, health, and select metabolic and immunologic responses of preruminant calves; The physiological response of the preruminant calf to sustained exposure to moderate cold has not been studied extensively. Effects of cold on growth performance and health of preruminant calves as well as functional measures of energy metabolism, fat-soluble vitamin, and immune responsiveness were evaluated in the present study. Calves, 3 to 10 d of age, were assigned randomly to cold (n = 14) or warm (n = 15) indoor environments. Temperatures in the cold environment averaged 4.7 degrees C during the study. Frequent wetting of the environment and the calves was used to augment effects of the cold environment. Temperatures in the warm environment averaged 15.5 degrees C during the study. There was no attempt to increase the humidity in the warm environment. Preventative medications or vaccinations that might influence disease resistance were not administered. Nonmedicated milk replacer (20% crude protein and 20% fat fed at 0.45 kg/d) and a non-medicated starter grain fed ad libitum were fed to all calves. Relative humidity was, on average, almost 10% higher in the cold environment. Warm-environment calves were moderately healthier (i.e., lower respiratory scores) and required less antibiotics. Scour scores, days scouring, and electrolyte costs, however, were unaffected by environmental temperature. Growth rates were comparable in warm and cold environments, although cold-environment calves consumed more starter grain and had lower blood glucose and higher blood nonesterified fatty acid concentrations. The nonesterified fatty acid and glucose values for cold-stressed calves, however, did not differ sufficiently from normal values to categorize these calves as being in a state of negative-energy balance. Levels of fat-soluble vitamin, antibody, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and haptoglobin were unaffected by sustained exposure to moderate cold. These results support the contention that successful adaptation of the dairy calf to cold is dependent upon the availability of adequate nutrition.
THE EFFICACY OF A LIVE LISTERIA-MONOCYTOGENES COMBINED SEROTYPE 1/2A AND SEROTYPE 4B VACCINE; In each of two experiments, sheep and lambs were vaccinated by a subcutaneous injection of a test vaccine (consisting of a combined serotype 1/2a and serotype 4b live Listeria monocytogenes culture) and challenged 16 clays later with a mixture of the homologous wild strains. After challenge, the mortality rate of vaccinated sheep was 28.1% and that of controls 71.9%; that of lambs was 25.0%, although these had been inoculated with the LD, dose. Furthermore, in each of two field trials in Listeria-infected flocks, primiparous pregnant ewes were vaccinated In the first field trial 3 or 110 lambs died of listeriosis of those born of vaccinated (n=564) or unvaccinated (n=3345) ewes, respectively. In the second the perinatal mortality rate of lambs born of vaccinated or unvaccinated ewes was 7.6 or 30.3%, respectively, and the mean birth weight of lambs born of vaccinated or control ewes was 2.2 or 1. 8 kg, respectively; the mean milk production of vaccinated ewes was 106 and that of controls 83 1, no Listeria was isolated from milk samples of vaccinated ewes. It is concluded that the vaccine is efficacious for the protection of sheep from listeriosis.
Nutritional factors and vertical transmission of HIV-1 - Epidemiology and potential mechanisms; Transmission of HIV from mothers to children may occur through the transplacental, intrapartum, or breastfeeding routes. Adequate nutritional status may reduce vertical transmission by affecting several maternal or fetal and child risk factors for transmission including enhancing systemic immune function in the mother or fetus/child; reducing the rate of clinical, immunological, or virological progression in the mother; reducing viral load or the risk of viral shedding in lower genital secretions or breast milk; reducing the risks of low birth weight or prematurity; or by maintaining the integrity of the fetus/child gastrointestinal integrity. In prospective observational studies, low plasma vitamin A levels were associated with higher risks of vertical transmission. However, findings from randomized, controlled trials suggest that supplements of vitamin A or other vitamins are unlikely to have an effect on vertical transmission during pregnancy or the intrapartum. period. The effect of other nutrient supplements, such as zinc and selenium, is unknown. Similarly, whether nutrition supplements of mothers during the breastfeeding period has an effect on transmission is unknown. The potential benefits of direct supplementation of children born to HIV-infected women on transmission of HIV, as well as on the risk and severity of childhood infections and mortality, are also important to examine.
Effect of silybum marianum on reduction of chemotherapy-Induced peripheral neurotoxicity with cisplatin; Background: Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neurotoxicity (CIPN) is one of the major complications of chemotherapy regimens commonly used in the treatment of solid and hematologic cancers. Given the high incidence of CIPN in antitumor therapies in patients and limited studies on antioxidants, this study was aimed to investigate the effect of Silybum marianum (SM) on cisplatin-induced peripheral neuropathy. Materials and Methods: This double-blind randomized clinical trial study was performed on 60 cancer patients treated with cisplatin chemotherapy at Seyyed-o-Shohada Hospital of Isfahan during 2019-2020. The patients were divided into two parallel groups as intervention (treated by SM) and placebo, and DN4 (Douleur neuropathique 4 questions) and CIPNAT (chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy assessment tool) were completed for patients in the before and after intervention groups and compared between the two groups. Results: The mean of DN4 score in the before and after study in the intervention group was in 1.76 +/- 1.24 and 2.07 +/- 2.03, respectively (P = 0.38), and in the control group was 1.41 +/- 1.28 +/- 3.11 +/- 2.86, respectively (P = 0.012). The mean CIPNAT score in the intervention groups was 5.93 +/- 3.65 and 4.20 +/- 3.23 (P = 0.01), and in the control group was 4.20 +/- 4.22 and 4.16 +/- 4.03 (P = 0.39). Conclusion: Based on our data, SM is an effective agent in reducing peripheral neuropathy. The use of SM was associated with decreased scores of peripheral neuropathy and was helpful in patients undergoing chemotherapy with cisplatin.
Efficacy of biological and chemical treatments for control of fusarium root and stem rot on greenhouse cucumber; Potential disease control methods were evaluated against root and stem rot of cucumber (Cucumis sativus) caused by Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. radicis-cucumerinum. Crab/shrimp shell chitin; three composted media; the biological control agents Pseudomonas chlororaphis strain 63-28, Trichoderma harzianum (RootShield Drench), Streptomyces griseoviridis (Mycostop), Gliocladium catenulatum (Prestop WP, Prestop Mix), and Trichoderma (Gliocladium) virens (SoilGard); and the fungicides thiram or benomyl were added at seeding time followed by inoculation with the pathogen. The addition of chitin (4%, vol/vol) to a peat-based medium significantly (P less than or equal to 0.05) enhanced seedling growth, increased soil pH, and reduced F oxysporum f. sp. radicis-cucumerinum populations, but the severity of disease was increased. The addition of composted media (greenhouse compost, windrow composted dairy solids, and vermi-composted dairy solids) to the seeding cavity in a rock wool block medium, followed 48 h later by inoculation with F oxysporum f. sp. radicis-cucumerinum, reduced seedling mortality when measured after 37 days. Greenhouse compost was significantly (P:! 0.05) more suppressive than the other two composts, and the suppression was partially eliminated by sterilization of the compost. The biological control agent G. catenulatum (formulated as Prestop WP and Prestop Mix) significantly reduced seedling mortality when it was applied at seeding 24 h prior to inoculation with the pathogen in the rock wool block medium. None of the other biological control agents reduced disease incidence when compared with control plants under these experimental conditions. Pseudomonas chlororaphis and the fungicide thiram both significantly reduced plant mortality at 17 and 24degreesC when pathogen-infested seed was treated, or when bacteria-treated and fungicide-treated seed were planted into pathogen-infested peat medium at 24degreesC. Under semicommercial propagation conditions, treatments consisting of Prestop WP, RootShield Drench Mycostop, and windrow composted dairy solids reduced the severity of disease caused by oxysporum f. sp. radicis-cucumerinum in two out of three trials. The efficacy of the biological control agents was affected by seasonal differences in growing conditions, which affected the incidence and severity of the disease. The results from this study indicate that several different approaches can be used at seeding to control Fusarium root and stem rot on greenhouse cucumber.
The Effectiveness of Yogurt+ Probiotic on Chemotherapy-Related Diarrhea in Patients with Colorectal Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: Chemotherapy-related diarrhea reduces patients' quality of life and sometimes changes or interrupts their treatment regimen. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of yogurt with probiotics on diarrhea caused by chemotherapy.Method: The present study was a randomized controlled clinical trial. The sample consisted of 66 patients with colorectal cancer, recruited with convenience sampling method from patients who were referred to Buali Hospital of Tehran. The samples were randomly divided into three groups. The first group received yogurt with probiotics, the second group received yogurt alone, and the third group of control did not use yogurt during treatment. Data were gathered using the diarrhea section of adverse events. The number of defecations, the severity of diarrhea, and the consistency of stool in the seven days of the intervention were compared among the three groups. Analysis of variance and Tukey's post hoc test were performed through SPSS software.Results: The number of defecations in the yogurt group with probiotics and yogurt was significantly lower than the control group (P < 0.05). The severity of diarrhea in the yogurt group with probiotics decreased more rapidly (P < 0.05). Stool consistency in the yogurt group with probiotics was significantly better than the control group (P < 0.05).Conclusion: Based on the results of the present study, yogurt with probiotics can reduce and improve diarrhea caused by chemotherapy. The results also showed that yogurt alone can reduce diarrhea and improve its symptoms.
Mediterranean-style diet for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease; Background
Effect of corticosteroid ointment on radiation induced dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients: A prospective study; Background: Almost all the patients receiving curative radiotherapy for head and neck cancer develop radiation dermatitis, which many a times leads to treatment interruption and reduce patient compliance. In this study, we evaluated the effect of potent topical steroid (Betamethasone Valerate 0.1%) cream on acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients receiving curative radiotherapy. Methods: A total 106 patients of head and neck cancers were randomly divided into arm A (52 patients) and arm B (54 patients). The patient in study arm A were treated with topical betamethasone 0.1% twice daily during radiotherapy/chemo-radiotherapy and arm B was kept as control. The radiation reaction in both the groups was monitored weekly according to Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) acute radiation dermatitis grading. Results: Out of 106 patients, 85 (80.2%) patients completed treatment. Patient in control arm had earlier onset of grade 1 reaction (5.7% in arm A vs 16.7 % in arm B at 2nd week, P value 0.157 and 28.8% in arm A vs 50% in arm B at 3rd week, P value 0.028) and progression of radiation dermatitis. In 7th week patient in arm A had higher grade 1 reaction (17.3% in arm A vs 0% in arm B), while arm B had higher grade 2 reaction (66.7% arm B vs 55.8% in arm A). There was no difference in incidence of grade 3 and 4 reaction. No difference was observed in time taken for reaction to heal. Conclusion: Topical Betamethasone can delay the onset and progression of radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer, without significant delay in wound healing.
Consumption of fatty foods and incident type 2 diabetes in populations from eight European countries; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Diets high in saturated and trans fat and low in unsaturated fat may increase type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk, but studies on foods high in fat per unit weight are sparse. We assessed whether the intake of vegetable oil, butter, margarine, nuts and seeds and cakes and cookies is related to incident T2D.
CAN MECHANICAL METHODS OF FEEDING POULTRY REPLACE HAND METHODS; An automatic mash feeder was designed. Two groups of random-selected layers were fed mash automatically and two similarly selected groups were hand-fed. The mechanically-fed groups were fed mash automatically every hr. during the day by time clock control; scratch grain was fed in the evening by hand. The hand-fed groups were fed mash daily in the morning and scratch grain in the evening. At the beginning of the 9th week hand-fed groups were fed pellets in addition to the mash and scratch to encourage feed consumption; also, at the beginning of the 27th week condensed buttermilk was fed to the hand-fed groups to further stimulate feed consumption. The mechanically-fed groups received only mash and grain during the entire 7-month test. The results of the test showed no significant difference in feed consumption, egg production, body weight or mortality. Field installations of automatic mash feeders for layers and broilers are discussed from the stand-point of labor saved and cost of installation and operation.
The clinical and histopathological effects of prednisone on acute radiation-induced dermatitis in dogs: a placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind, prospective clinical trial; This study evaluated and compared the clinical and histopathological effects of prednisone on acute radiation-induced dermatitis (ARID) in dogs treated with 48 Gray of fractionated irradiation targeted to the skin surface. The study was designed as a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled prospective clinical trial. Twenty-two otherwise healthy companion dogs completed the clinical study. Three dogs were excluded from complete histopathological analysis because the owner declined one (one dog) or both (two dogs) biopsies. The study duration for each dog was 36 days from the start of radiation therapy (RT) to the first re-examination post RT. Dogs were treated with either oral prednisone at 0.5 mg kg(-1) or sugar pill, daily. All dogs received 48 Gray of fractionated, standardized RT, beginning 2 weeks after tumour excision. Acute Radiation Morbidity Scores, Cutaneous Toxicity Extent and Severity scores, digital images, and impression cytology were carried out on days 1, 8, 15, 22 and 36. Four-millimetre skin specimens from days 15 (RT-11) and 36 (2 weeks after the last RT dose) were scored by a pathologist and a dermatologist, blind to specimen identity. A one-way analysis of variance for longitudinal data was used to compare scores between groups. Spearman's rho correlation coefficient was used to measure strength of association between clinical and histopathology scores (HPS). There was no significant difference in CUTES, AMS or HPS scores between groups. There was a strong correlation between clinical and HPS scores. Prednisone did not decrease ARID severity clinically or histopathologically.
A Clinical Trial on the Welfare Effects of Administering Meloxicam to 10 to 21 Day Dairy Calves Following Caustic Paste Disbudding; Caustic paste disbudding (CPD) is widely utilized for calves, which has been known to result in adverse effects on the calves and ethical concerns related to animal welfare, despite the use of local anesthetics. The administration of meloxicam has been demonstrated to provide benefits in alleviating pain and inflammation in juvenile calves under 9 d old and subjected to CPD. Nonetheless, there is a scarcity of literature documenting the beneficial impact of meloxicam in alleviating pain in calves aged over 9 d that have undergone CPD. Therefore, the objective of this clinical trial was to evaluate the efficacy of administering meloxicam and lidocaine for cornual nerve block together in mitigating the deleterious effects of CPD, as opposed to using lidocaine alone in calves older than 9 d. Thirty Holstein calves, aged between 10 and 21 d, were enrolled and randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments: lidocaine alone (Placebo), lidocaine and normal saline treatment before CPD, and lidocaine plus meloxicam, lidocaine and 0.5 mg/kg of meloxicam treatment prior to CPD. The researchers were blind to the treatment of calves to control the subjective error. The occurrences of actions associated with pain, which included head shaking, head rubbing, ear flicking, tail flicking, kicking, and head passing through the fence, were recorded. Physiological performance, including the respiration rate, heart rate, rectal temperature, mechanical nociceptive threshold (MNT), food intake, and daily activity level, was monitored. Hematological conditions were ascertained through the use of routine blood tests and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The generalized linear mixed model was employed to analyze the data. The research findings revealed that applying the CPD procedure significantly elevated the frequencies of tail flicking, head shaking, and kicking, resulted in increases in respiratory rate, heart rate, daily active steps, and food intake and a decrease in MNT, and led to alterations in hematological markers, including platelet counts, mean platelet volume, prostaglandin E2, constitutive nitric oxide synthase, and hydroxyl radical. Considerable benefits, such as lower heart rates, higher food intake, and MNTs, as well as lower levels of white blood cell counts, lymphocyte counts, hemoglobin, mean platelet volume, prostaglandin E2, tumor necrosis factor-a, constitutive nitric oxide synthase, malondialdehyde, and hydroxyl radical, were observed in the calves that received meloxicam treatment in response to CPD. The findings of the study indicate that the co-administration of lidocaine and meloxicam provides obvious benefits in mitigating pain, inflammation, and oxidative stress in calves aged over 9 d and undergoing CPD. This endorses the use of meloxicam during the disbudding and dehorning procedures of calves.
Effects of red meat, white meat, and nonmeat protein sources on atherogenic lipoprotein measures in the context of low compared with high saturated fat intake: a randomized controlled trial; Background: Dietary recommendations to limit red meat are based on observational studies linking intake to cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk together with the potential of its saturated fatty acid (SFA) content to raise low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. However, the relation of white meat to CVD risk, and the effects of dietary protein source on lipoprotein particle subfractions, have not been extensively evaluated.
Benefits of post-operative oral protein supplementation in gastrointestinal surgery patients: A systematic review of clinical trials; AIM: To evaluate published trials examining oral postoperative protein supplementation in patients having undergone gastrointestinal surgery and assessment of reported results.
ANTI-BA46 MONOCLONAL-ANTIBODY MC3 - HUMANIZATION USING A NOVEL POSITIONAL CONSENSUS AND IN-VIVO AND IN-VITRO CHARACTERIZATION; Mc3 is a murine mAb that is highly effective in treating breast tumors in experimental radioimmunotherapy. Mc3 binds to BA46, a 46-kDa glycoprotein of the human milk fat globule membrane that is also expressed in breast carcinoma cells. We cloned and sequenced cDNAs encoding the variable regions of Mc3 and constructed an IgG1,kappa human/mouse chimeric antibody. We then humanized the variable regions of Mc3 using a positional consensus method and retaining residues that might either contact the complementarity-determining regions or the opposite chain. This positional consensus is novel in that it does not include residues with buried side chains. Humanized Mc3 retained full binding affinity, and fully competes with murine Mc3 for antigen binding. Humanized and murine I-131-labeled Mc3 behaved identically in athymic nu/nu mice biodistribution studies. The tumor uptake levels for both antibodies increased over a period of 4 days within a range of 13-20% of the injected dose per g with extremely favorable tumor:normal ratios. Also, a single therapeutic dose of I-131-labeled humanized Mc3 in the same animal model reduced the average tumor size and produced one of five cures while in the uninjected control tumor growth continued unabated. We believe that these results justify the implementation of Phase I human clinical trials for imaging and radioimmunotherapy of breast cancer.
Randomized Clinical Trial Evaluating Metabolism of Colostral and Plasma Derived Immunoglobulin G in Jersey Bull Calves; Background: Intravenous plasma administration has been recommended in healthy or sick calves with failure of passive immunity.
Dietary behaviours of individuals with lynch syndrome at high risk of colorectal cancer: Results from the AAS-lynch study; Background & aims: Individuals with Lynch syndrome (LS) have a high lifetime risk of developing colorectal cancer (CRC) due to genetic alterations. Nutrition is one of the main modifiable risk factors for sporadic CRC, however this has not been established in LS patients. The present study aimed to give a detailed overview of dietary intakes in individuals with LS, and associated individual characteristics.Methods: Dietary behaviours of individuals with LS from the AAS-Lynch clinical trial (2017-2022) were obtained using a food frequency questionnaire. Dietary intakes, food group consumption and overall diet quality (dietary patterns, adherence to the Mediterranean diet) were described according to sociodemographic, anthropometric and clinical characteristics, and compared to participants without LS from the NutriNet-Sante ⠁ study (matched on sex, age, BMI and region).Results: 280 individuals with LS were included in this analysis and matched with 547 controls. Compared to controls, LS patients consumed less fibre, legumes, fruit and vegetables and more red and processed meat (all p < 0.01). They also had a lower Mediterranean diet score (p = 0.002). Among LS patients, men, younger patients, or those with disadvantaged situation had a diet of poorer nutritional quality with lower adherence to a "Healthy" diet (all p < 0.01). LS Patients with prevalent CRC had a higher consumption of dairy products than recommended, while those with prevalent adenoma consumed more vegetables, and less sugar and sweets (all p & LE; 0.01).Conclusions: Although patients with LS were aware of their high lifetime risk of developing cancer, their diets were not optimal and included nutritional risk factors associated to CRC.& COPY; 2023 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Enhancing immunity by dietary consumption of a probiotic lactic acid bacterium (<i>Bifidobacterium lactis</i> HN019):: optimization and definition of cellular immune responses; Objective: To define the cellular basis for immune enhancement by a probiotic lactic acid bacteria strain (Bifidobacterium lactis HN019); and to determine whether immune enhancement can be optimized by delivery in oligosaccharide-enriched low-fat milk.
Diet Quality and Associations with Food Security among Women Eligible for Indiana Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education; Background: The diet quality among adults receiving nutrition education lessons through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education (SNAP-Ed) is currently unknown.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the Treatment of Actinic Keratoses: Two Phase 3, Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Studies; Background: Imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were studied for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) of the full face or balding scalp, to determine comparable efficacy and tolerability to imiquimod 5% cream.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the Treatment of Actinic Keratoses:Two Phase 3 Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Studies; Background: Imiquimod 3.75% and 2.5% creams were studied for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) of the full face or balding scalp, to determine comparable efficacy and tolerability to imiquimod 5% cream.
A guide to immunotherapy of genital warts - Focus on interferon and imiquimod; Genital warts affect at least 1% of sexually active adults. Current therapies are inadequate because they are often painful, may fail to prevent recurrence and transmission of warts, and usually require either surgery or at least application by a physician. Investigation of immunotherapy for genital warts began with interferon. It has been studied in topical, intralesional, systemic and adjuvant applications. We review the major clinical trials of interferon for genital warts, and conclude that intralesional therapy with interferon-alpha or interferon-beta, with complete response rates of 36 to 63%, is the most successful route for interferon monotherapy. In choosing patients for therapy with interferon, major considerations include immune status, pregnancy and ability to return for frequent injections.
COMPARISON OF RABBIT BREED TYPES FOR POSTWEANING LITTER GROWTH, FEED-EFFICIENCY, AND SURVIVAL PERFORMANCE TRAITS; Postweaning data on 643 rabbits from 122 litters representing four breed types, New Zealand White (NZW) and Californian (CAL) purebreds, CAL x NZW (CxN), and Flemish Giant (FG) crossbreds (the latter group was a collection of FG x CAL, FG x Champagne D'Argent [CHA], and 1/2 FG x 1/4 CAL x 1/4 CHA), were gathered over five seasons and compared for growth, feed efficiency, and survival-related performance traits.  Evaluation criteria included litter size and weight at weaning (28 d); 28- to 70-d litter feed intake, weight gain, feed efficiency, and mortality rate; and litter and average market weight (70 d).  The least squares model included main effects of breed type, season of birth of the litter and parity of dam, litter size at weaning as a linear covariate, and the random error.  Breed-type differences were not detected for litter size and weight at weaning and feed efficiency.  Purebred NZW and CAL litter trait performances were comparable (P > .05).  Purebred NZW litters consumed less feed than CxN and FG crosses, gained weight less rapidly than FG crosses, and weighed less per fryer at 70 d than CxN and FG crosses (P < .05).  Feed intake was lower and average market weight was lighter for CAL purebred litters than for CxN and FG crossbred litters (P < .05).  The CxN and FG crossbreds only differed (P < .05) for average market weight (2,078 vs 2,192 g).  Mortality rate was lower (P < .05) in CxN crossbred litters than in CAL purebred litters.  Results of this study provide corroborative evidence in support of terminal crossbreeding using CAL sires mated to NZW dams or FG purebred or crossbred sires mated to CAL and CHA purebred or crossbred dams.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: Results of two placebo-controlled studies of daily application to the face and balding scalp for two 3-week cycles; Background: Imiquimod 5% cream is approved as a 16-week regimen for the treatment of actinic keratoses involving a 25-cm(2) area of skin.
Intramammary treatment using allogeneic pure platelet-rich plasma in cows with subclinical mastitis caused by Gram-positive bacteria; The aims of the study were (1) to compare the cure risk of intramammary treatment of pure platelet rich plasma (P-PRP) or cefquinome sulfate (CS) in cows with subclinical mastitis (SCM) caused by Gram-positive bacteria, evaluated via somatic cell count (SCC) and the microbiological analysis of milk; (2) to compare the inflammatory/anti-inflammatory response of mammary gland to both treatments through the analyses of interleukins (IL), interferon gamma (IFN-gamma), and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) in milk. A non-inferiority randomized clinical trial was conducted. The null hypothesis was that cure risk in the experimental group (P-PRP) was inferior to the reference group (CS). A total of 103 cows were selected according to SCC and presence of Gram-positive bacteria, 49 cows were treated with CS and 54 cows were treated with P-PRP after determination of its cellular and molecular quality control. Cure was assessed by milk analyses at day 21 and 22 after treatment. Cows that remained with SCM were retreated at day 26, and cure assessed at day 47 and 48. Overall, bacteriological cure was observed in 16 cows (30%) of the P-PRP group, and 35 cows (71%) in CS group. Staphylococcus aureus cure risk was higher in CS group, but inconclusive for Streptococcus spp. The mean SCC increased in relation to time only in the P-PRP group. A direct relation between time and treatment for IL-1, IL-2, and IL-6 was observed, while no differences were observed for IL-4. Furthermore, IL-1 and IL-2 increased in cows treated twice in both groups. IL-8, IFN-gamma, and TNF-alpha showed a significant interaction between time and treatment. IFN-gamma concentration was lower in the P-PRP group compared to the CS on days 0 and 22. Leukocyte counts were lower in P-PRP when compared to whole blood. TGF-beta 1 and PF4 concentrations were higher in platelet lysates in comparison to P-PRGS and plasma. Moreover, PDGF-BB concentration was significantly higher in platelet lysates in comparison to plasma. Results obtained in this study demonstrate that SCM treated with PRP showed a lower rate of bacteriologic cure when compared to animals treated with CS.
Efficacy of an RE-17 mutant Salmonella typhimurium core antigen vaccine under field conditions; On 74 dairy farms in three Canadian provinces, 1882 dairy cows were used to evaluate the efficacy of an RE-17 mutant Salmonella typhimurium core antigen vaccine (Endovac-Bovi(R), Bayer Canada) against clinical coliform mastitis. Cows were administered vaccine or placebo between 120 and 240 days of gestation according to a double-blind, formally randomized (within farm) protocol. Experimental solution was administered once and boostered at a 3-week interval. Clinical mastitis events were recorded and classified by severity. Pre-treatment milk samples were aseptically collected, frozen, and subsequently submitted for bacteriological culture. There were no differences in the overall incidence rates of clinical mastitis between vaccinated cows and cows administered a placebo solution. There was no difference in the pathogen-specific cases of mastitis between the vaccine and placebo groups. The overall undifferentiated mortality rate was significantly lower (p = 0.04) in the vaccinated cows. Specific causes of death could not, be determined from available records. Only 18 of 946 vaccinated cows died versus 32 of 936 placebo-treated cows. A subset of 34 farms had a high incidence of clinical mastitis (>15% lactational incidence). On these farms, 360 cows were administered either vaccine or placebo and boostered between 200 and 240 days of gestation. For this subset of cows, the incidence of clinical mastitis with either ''no growth'' or ''coliform'' bacteriology results was lower (p = 0.06) in the vaccinated cows (10.8%, n = 185) versus placebo cows (17.7%, n = 175). The efficacy results from this study-suggest that use of an RE-17 mutant core antigen Vaccine may be warranted in herds with a high rate of clinical mastitis; provided the vaccine is strategically administered to the dry cows in order to protect during the ''high risk'' periods.
Plant Mortality and Natural Selection May Increase Biomass Yield in Switchgrass Swards; Switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.) is an important candidate for bioenergy feedstock production, prompting significant efforts to increase the number of breeding programs and the output of those programs. The objective of this experiment was to determine the potential utility of natural selection for survivorship in switchgrass swards as a tool for improving efficiency of progeny-test-based recurrent selection programs in switchgrass. One hundred random surviving plants were selected from 5-yr-old plots of six cultivars grown at five locations. Progeny of each population were grown in a four-location field experiment in Illinois and Wisconsin in direct comparison to their parent populations. On average, natural selection for survivorship increased biomass yield by 6.7%. The northernmost (i.e., coldest) selection location had the greatest response among the five locations (13.2%) while the most genetically diverse cultivar had the greatest response among the cultivars (23.5%). Results were highly variable among cultivars and selection locations, but there were no significant negative responses, suggesting that the genetic correlation between survivorship and biomass yield in switchgrass ranges from zero to some positive value. Selection for survivorship within switchgrass sward plots has the potential to improve efficiency of family-based selection methods designed to improve biomass yield potential.
Advances in the treatment of mycoses fungoides and Sézary syndrome: a narrative update in skin-directed therapies and immune-based treatments; Mycoses fungoides (MF) and Sezary syndrome (SS) are cutaneous T-cell lymphomas that are often challenging to manage given the absence of reliably curative therapies, at times high symptom burden with significant detriment to quality of life, and need for ongoing treatment for disease and symptom control. Recent developments in skin-directed treatments include optimizing the use of existing topical therapies, the introduction of known dermatological agents and treatment modalities for the specific treatment of MF/SS (such as mechlorethamine gel, calcineurin inhibitor creams, and photodynamic therapy), and novel local and topical agents. For advanced disease, dedicated clinical trials have translated to exciting progress, leading to the approval of brentuximab vedotin (2017) and mogamulizumab (2018) for relapsed MF/SS. Additional studies of other active systemic agents, including various cellular therapies, represent further attempts to add to the therapeutic armamentarium in treating MF/SS. In this review, we highlight these recent advancements, ranging from optimization of skin-directed therapies to the introduction of novel systemic agents. We focus on therapies approved in the preceding five years or under investigation in advanced-phase clinical trials.
Sociodemographic, Lifestyle and Medical Factors Associated with <i>Helicobacter Pylori</i> Infection; Background & Aims: The prevalence of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection is higher in developing countries and is often linked to lower socioeconomic status. Few studies have investigated the association between H. pylori and individual level characteristics in Europe, where several countries have a high prevalence of H. pylori infection. The study aimed to identify risk factors for H. pylori infection among adults in a large clinical trial in Latvia.
Effect of breastfeeding and formula feeding on transmission of HIV-1 - A randomized clinical trial; Context Transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) is known to occur through breastfeeding, but the magnitude of risk has not been precisely defined. Whether breast milk HIV-1 transmission risk exceeds the potential risk of formula-associated diarrheal mortality in developing countries is unknown.
Duration of immunity to experimental infection with bovine respiratory syncytial virus following intranasal vaccination of young passively immune calves; Objective To determine whether a combination modified-live bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) vaccine could stimulate protective immunity in young BRSV-seropositive calves following intranasal administration and determine the duration of clinical immunity.
Dry Season Eimeria Infection in Dairy Cattle and Sheep in and Around Adama and Bishoftu Towns, Oromia, Ethiopia; Introduction: Eimeria infection is one of the protozoal diseases of animals caused by various species of Eimeria (intracellular parasite) and causes reduced productivity and mortality in ruminants, especially in young ones. Despite the fact that the disease is one of the leading causes of economic losses, there is little information in Ethiopia on the occurrence of the infection in cattle and sheep. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted from December 2021 to April 2022 in and around Adama and Bishoftu towns with the objectives to estimate the prevalence of Eimeria infection; identify circulating Eimeria oocysts, the intensity/burden of infection and associated risk factors of Eimeria infection in cattle and sheep. A total of 384 randomly selected (265 cattle and 119 sheep) fecal samples were collected from the rectum and examined by flotation technique using sheather's sugar solution to detect the oocysts of Eimeria. A 2.5% potassium dichromate solution was added to the positive fecal samples for sporulation of the oocysts. Results and discussion: The overall prevalence of 48.95% Eimeria infection was recorded during the study. 45.0% and 58% prevalence of the infection was registered in cattle and sheep, respectively. There was a statistically significant difference (P < 0.05) in Eimeria infection between the study animal species, age of the animals, breed, farm hygiene and management system. However, there was no significant difference in Eimeria infection (P > 0.05) in sex, body condition of the animals and fecal consistency. The maximum oocysts per gram of feces was found to be 10,000. Eimeria infection is of great importance to livestock producers and requires serious control and prevention initiatives.
Effect of raloxifene on sexual function in postmenopausal women; Objective To determine the effects of raloxifene on sexual function in postmenopausal women with pre-existing vaginal atrophy treated with vaginal estrogen cream.
Influence of consumption of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Aims: Human clinical studies have yielded mixed results on the effects of consumption of probiotics on the plasma lipid profile. We conducted a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials that evaluated the effects of probiotics consumption on blood lipids.
Effects of Fermented Milk Containing <i>Lacticaseibacillus paracasei</i> Strain Shirota on Constipation in Patients with Depression: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Probiotics have been shown to benefit patients with constipation and depression, but whether they specifically alleviate constipation in patients with depression remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of Lacticaseibacillus paracasei strain Shirota (LcS), formerly Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, on constipation in patients with depression with specific etiology and gut microbiota and on depressive regimens. Eighty-two patients with constipation were recruited. The subjects consumed 100 mL of a LcS beverage (10(8) CFU/mL) or placebo every day for 9 weeks. After ingesting beverages for this period, we observed no significant differences in the total patient constipation-symptom (PAC-SYM) scores in the LcS group when compared with the placebo group. However, symptoms/scores in item 7 (rectal tearing or bleeding after a bowel movement) and items 8-12 (stool symptom subscale) were more alleviated in the LcS group than in the placebo group. The Beck Depression Index (BDI) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were all significantly decreased, and the degree of depression was significantly improved in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05), but there was no significant difference between the groups. The LcS intervention increased the beneficial Adlercreutzia, Megasphaera and Veillonella levels and decreased the bacterial levels related to mental illness, such as Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group, Sutterella and Oscillibacter. Additionally, the interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) levels were significantly decreased in both the placebo and LcS groups (p < 0.05). In particular, the IL-6 levels were significantly lower in the LcS group than the placebo group after the ingestion period (p < 0.05). In conclusion, the daily consumption of LcS for 9 weeks appeared to relieve constipation and improve the potentially depressive symptoms in patients with depression and significantly decrease the IL-6 levels. In addition, the LcS supplementation also appeared to regulate the intestinal microbiota related to mental illness.
Topical Betamethasone Valerate As a Prophylactic Agent to Prevent Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Malignancies: A Randomized, Open-Label, Phase 3 Trial; Purpose: We assessed the role of topical betamethasone as a prophylactic agent in patients receiving radiation for head and neck malignancies.
Dietary level of fibre and age at weaning affect the proliferation of <i>Clostridium perfringens</i> in the caecum, the incidence of Epizootic Rabbit Enteropathy and the performance of fattening rabbits; An experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary fibre content and weaning age oil Clostridium perfringens proliferation in the caecum and fattening mortality in growing rabbits farmed in a facility having Epizootic Rabbit Enteropathy. The experiment consisted in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement with two weaning ages (28 days vs. 42 days) and two levels of dietary neutral detergent fibre assayed with a heat stable amylase and expressed exclusive of residual ash (aNDFom; 330g/kg vs. 425g/kg). Controls were made during two consecutive experimental periods that differed in hygienic environmental conditions by modifying the intensity of cleaning and disinfection in the farm previous to the trial. An interaction (P<0.001) was detected among the independent variables studied on Cl. perfringens enumeration in the caecal contents, as minimal values for this trait were obtained in non-medicated animals reared in a clean environment, and especially when they were weaned at a later age and fed the diet with the lower fibre content. The treatments studied also led to a variation in fattening mortality(from 4.7% to 34.0%), which was highly and positively-correlated (P<0.001) to the average Cl. perfringens caecal counts in each combination of treatments. The results of the current study indicate that high Counts of Cl. perfringens in the caecum can be used as an indicator of Epizootic Rabbit Enteropathy, and suggest that strategies designed to control its proliferation in the caecum might help to limit fattening mortality in rabbit fed diets not-medicated with antibiotics. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The application of Levulan®-based photodynamic therapy with imiquimod in the treatment of recurrent basal cell carcinoma; Background: Common skin tumors like basal- and squamous-cell carcinoma present a serious problem in modern medicine. Exposure to ultraviolet solar radiation is the main cause of these lesions. Since application of Aldara (R) and PDT separately is well documented, we decided to use both methods together.
Vaginal stenosis after radiation therapy for pelvic cancer: prevention and treatment options - a review of the current literature; Purpose: Pelvic radiotherapy holds a vital role in the management of gynaecological and pelvic gastrointestinal cancers. However, radiotherapy can result in shortening and narrowing of the vagina which is known as vaginal stenosis. The objective of this paper is to review the prevention and treatment options of radiation-induced vaginal stenosis and discuss their benefits and side-effects as well. Materials and Methods: A literature search was performed (1972-2017) on PubMed, Cochrane Database of Controlled Trials, and SCOPUS with no language restrictions. Cross references from the included studies were hand-searched. The criteria for the included studies were any and every measure for preventing radiation-induced vaginal stenosis. Results: The use of vaginal dilators, sexual intercourse, and topical therapies are the current options for the management of vaginal stenosis after pelvic radiotherapy. Conclusion: Vaginal dilation should be encouraged in cancer survivors after pelvic radiotherapy, with counseling by expertized medical and paramedical personnel. Limited evidence exists in favor of the use of vaginal lubricating creams for radiation-related vaginal irritation.
Consumption of Yogurt and the Incident Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Nine Cohort Studies; Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses have evaluated the association of dairy consumption and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the findings were inconsistent. No quantitative analysis has specifically assessed the effect of yogurt intake on the incident risk of CVD. We searched the PubMed and the Embase databases from inception to 10 January 2017. A generic inverse-variance method was used to pool the fully-adjusted relative risks (RRs) and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) with a random-effects model. A generalized least squares trend estimation model was used to calculate the specific slopes in the dose-response analysis. The present systematic review and meta-analysis identified nine prospective cohort articles involving a total of 291,236 participants. Compared with the lowest category, highest category of yogurt consumption was not significantly related with the incident risk of CVD, and the RR (95% CI) was 1.01 (0.95, 1.08) with an evidence of significant heterogeneity (I-2 = 52%). However, intake of >= 200 g/day yogurt was significantly associated with a lower risk of CVD in the subgroup analysis. There was a trend that a higher level of yogurt consumption was associated with a lower incident risk of CVD in the dose-response analysis. A daily dose of >= 200 g yogurt intake might be associated with a lower incident risk of CVD. Further cohort studies and randomized controlled trials are still demanded to establish and confirm the observed association in populations with different characteristics.
Clinical and pharmacokinetic study evaluating the effect of food on the disposition of 9-nitrocamptothecin and its 9-aminocamptothecin metabolite in patients with solid tumors; Background: 9-Nitrocamptothecin (9NC) is an orally administered camptothecin analogue that has completed phase III trials for pancreatic cancer. In biological matrices, camptothecin analogues exist in equilibrium between the active-lactone (LAC) and inactive-hydroxy acid (HA) forms. 9NC has been administered on an empty stomach; however, it is unclear if food alters the absorption and disposition of 9NC and its 9-aminocamptothecin (9AC) active-metabolite. Thus, we evaluated the disposition of 9NC and 9AC after administration of 9NC under fasting conditions and after a standard meal. Methods: Patients were randomized to receive 9NC as a single oral dose at 1.5 mg/m(2) with 8 ounces (oz) of an acidic beverage under fasting conditions, or after a meal consisting of two eggs, 8 oz of orange juice, buttered toast, 8 oz of milk, and 4 oz of hash brown potatoes. Following a 72 h washout period, 9NC was administered with the alternative condition (i.e., with food or fasting). 9NC was then continued for 5 days of every week. Serial blood samples were obtained prior to and from 0.25 to 24 h after administration of 9NC. The total (sum of LAC + HA) of 9NC and 9ACwere measured by an LC-MS/MS assay. Area under the plasma concentration versus time curve (AUC) for 9NC and 9AC total were calculated. After the pharmacokinetic section of the study, patients received 9NC 1.5 mg/m2 orally under fasting conditions daily for 5 days per week for 8 weeks. Results: Sixteen patients with median (range) age 62 (47-83) years, diagnoses of colorectal (six patients), lung ( two patients), and other (eight patients) malignancies, received 83 [ median (range) 4 (2-9)] weeks of therapy. Patients with toxicities greater than grade 2: were diarrhea (1), nausea (2), vomiting (2), fatigue (2), anemia (3), neutropenia (3), and febrile neutropenia (2). Three patients (lung, unknown primary, and colon) had stable disease for eight weeks. The mean +/- SD of 9NC AUC(food) and 9NC AUC(fast) (n = 9) were 330 +/- 182 and 558 +/- 379 ng/ml center dot h, respectively (P < 0.05). The mean +/- SD of 9AC AUCfood and 9AC AUCfast (n = 9) were 244 +/- 60 and 256 +/- 101 ng/ml center dot h, respectively (P > 0.05). The mean +/- SD ratio of 9NC AUCfood to AUC(fasting) in individual patients (n = 9) was 0.67 +/- 0.22. The mean +/- SD ratio of 9AC AUCfood to AUC fasting in individual patients (n = 9) was 1.14 +/- 0.61. Conclusions: Co-administration of 9NC with food reduces the oral absorption of 9NC; however, there was no difference in the exposure of 9AC. The is high interpatient variability in the effect of food on the absorption of 9NC and the interpatient variability in the effect of food on the disposition of 9AC is even greater when compared to 9NC.
Oil blends containing partially hydrogenated or interesterified fats: differential effects on plasma lipids; We compared the effects on plasma lipids of margarines containing tither a trans fatty acid- (TFA)-free hard fraction achieved through interesterification (from primarily saturated fatty acids) or a partially hydrogenated hard fraction. Thirty-eight mildly hyperlipidemic subjects consumed a low-fat diet for 2 wk. They were then allocated to 2 groups and underwent 3 dietary interventions for 3 wk each in random order (diets contained 35% of energy as fat with 20% of energy as margarines or butter): group 1 (n = 18), butter, canola oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free canola oil blend; group 2 (n = 19), butter, polyunsaturated oil blend with TFAs, and TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend. Plasma LDL-cholesterol concentrations after consumption of all oil blends and after the low-Eat diet were not significantly different, but were 11-15% lower than after butter (P < 0.001). Whereas the canola oil blends did not differ from each other in their effects on lipoprotein profiles, the TFA-free polyunsaturated oil blend resulted in a significant 6% reduction (-0.25 mmol/L; 95% CI: -0,08, -0.42) in total and LDL cholesterol compared with the blend containing TFAs (P = 0.006). In the canola oil blend, 10% TFAs and 6% oleic acid were replaced by approximate to 14% saturated fatty acids plus a 2% increase in linoleic acid. In the polyunsaturated oil blend, 10% TFAs and 5% linoleic acid were replaced by a 10% increase in saturated fatty acids as well as 3% and 1% increases in oleic and linolenic acids, respectively. We conclude that, compared with butter, TFA-free margarines may be equal to or more effective than margarines containing TFAs in lowering LDL cholesterol.
Probiotic Yogurt for the Prevention of Antibiotic-associated Diarrhea in Adults A Randomized Double-blind Placebo-controlled Trial; Goal: To evaluate the effect of yogurt supplemented with probiotic bacteria on the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD) in hospitalized patients. Background: Diarrhea following antibiotic administration is a frequent clinical problem. The usefulness of probiotics for the prevention of AAD in the hospitalized adult population remains unclear. Study: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted in hospitalized patients who started antibiotic treatment. Patients were randomized (2:2:1) to receive a daily amount of 200 mL of placebo-yogurt (Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus), 200 mL of probiotic yogurt (previous plus Lactobacillus acidophilus La-5, Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis Bb-12 and Lactobacillus casei subsp. casei Lc-01 or no yogurt (unblinded control) within 48 hours of beginning the antibiotic therapy and up to 5 days after stopping the antibiotic. Patients were followed up with for 1 month to determine occurrence of diarrhea. Results: We included 314 patients, mean age 76 years. The rate of diarrhea was 23.0% in the probiotic group versus 17.6% in the placebo group, absolute risk reduction -5.35% (95% confidence interval, -15.4% to 4.7%; P=0.30). Rate of diarrhea was similar in the unblinded external control and in the blinded study groups combined (20.9% vs. 20.2% respectively; P=0.91). There was no difference in the duration of diarrhea, maximum number of bowel movements or prolonged admission because of diarrhea among the groups. All-cause mortality did not differ between groups. Conclusions: The combined probiotic strains LA-5, BB-12, and LC-01 do not have an effect in the prevention of AAD in hospitalized patients.
Effect of pasture crude protein and fermentable energy supplementation on blood metabolite and progesterone concentrations and on embryo survival in heifers; Seasonal milk production systems rely on heavy inputs of nitrogenous fertilizer, which typically generate pastures with a high crude protein (CP) and low fermentable energy concentration. High intake of CP, particularly in association with low rumen fermentable energy, increases systemic ammonia and urea and has been associated with reduced fertility in cattle. The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between pasture protein intake and fermentable energy supplementation on a range of blood metabolites and on embryo survival and development in cattle.
A feasibility study of microwave therapy for precancerous actinic keratosis; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common premalignant skin lesion that can progress to cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). Microwave therapy is an established cancer treatment and has been used for plantar viral warts.
The Epidemiology of Bovine Viral Diarrhea Virus in Low- and Middle-Income Countries: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Introduction: Bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV) causes reproductive inefficiencies and negatively impacts the economy of low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). It is characterized by a combination of syndromes that result in poor production performance and calf morbidity and mortality. BVDV control is possible by introduction of biosecurity measures, test-and-cull, and vaccination programs as accomplished in high-income countries. Knowledge of BVDV epidemiology is limited in many LMICs, which hinders implementation of effective control programs. We carried out a systematic review and meta-analysis to estimate the burden of BVDV, identify risk factors related to its occurrence, and health and economic impacts on production systems. Materials and Methods: Relevant BVD articles were collated from library databases; 690 abstracts and full texts were found in an initial search followed by filtering of 59 manuscripts. We accounted for quality and risk of bias in the meta-analysis. Prevalence, exposure, and current infection at regional, production, and farming system levels were estimated using logistic random-effects meta-regression models. Finally, we calculated the proportion of studies that addressed risk factors and health and economic impacts across different production systems to inform future preventative strategies in LMICs. Results: Seroprevalence was high and varied between regions. Mean weighted prevalence was 39.5% (95% CI 25-56.1), 45.2% (95% CI 35.9-54.8), 49.9% (95% CI 25.5-74.3), and 21.6% (95% CI 0.5-56) for sub-Saharan Africa, South America, Middle East, and Asia, respectively. Seroprevalence varied across farming systems, with smallholder farming showing the highest values. Herdsize was the most frequently reported risk factor, and the percentage of articles that reported herdsize as a risk factor were 20.6%, 33.3%, and 38.4% for dairy, beef and mixed systems respectively. Abortion (13.7% of articles) was the main reported health impact in dairy systems. Some articles reported milk drop (4.6% of articles), but no article investigated the economic cost of BVDV in farming systems. Conclusion: Animal-level seroprevalence varied across all regions. Most of the studies focused on BVDV seroprevalence. There were some articles that investigated risk factors and health impacts, and there were even less that investigated economic impacts. Future studies should focus on identifying risk factors and quantifying health and economic impacts across systems. Understanding these aspects is crucial to develop management strategies to apply across diverse production systems in LMICs.
Efficacy of photodynamic therapy combined with topical interventions for the treatment of actinic keratosis: a meta-analysis; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a highly effective treatment option for patients with actinic keratoses (AK). However, efficacy can be reduced by insufficient illumination or hyperkeratotic nature of lesions.
A Dietary Intervention of Bioactive Enriched Foods Aimed at Adults at Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: Protocol and Results from PATHWAY-27 Pilot Study; Around a quarter of the global adult population have metabolic syndrome (MetS) and therefore increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and diabetes. Docosahexaenoic acid, oat beta-glucan and grape anthocyanins have been shown to be effective in reducing MetS risk factors when administered as isolated compounds, but their effect when administered as bioactive-enriched foods has not been evaluated. Objective: The overall aim of the PATHWAY-27 project was to evaluate the effectiveness of bioactive-enriched food consumption on improving risk factors of MetS. A pilot study was conducted to assess which of five bioactive combinations provided within three different food matrices (bakery, dairy or egg) were the most effective in adult volunteers. The trial also evaluated the feasibility of production, consumer acceptability and gastrointestinal tolerance of the bioactive-enriched food. Method: The study included three monocentric, parallel-arm, double-blind, randomised, dietary intervention trials without a placebo. Each recruiting centre tested the five bioactive combinations within a single food matrix. Results: The study was completed by 167 participants (74 male, 93 female). The results indicated that specific bioactive/matrix combinations have effects on serum triglyceride or HDL-cholesterol level without adverse effects. Conclusion: The study evidenced that bioactive-enriched food offers a promising food-based strategy for MetS prevention, and highlighted the importance of conducting pilot studies.
Skin cancer precursor immunotherapy for squamous cell carcinoma prevention; BACKGROUND. Topical calcipotriol plus 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) combination is an effective immunotherapy against actinic keratosis (AK), which is a precursor to squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, the long-term effectiveness of calcipotriol plus 5-FU treatment for SCC prevention is unknown.
EVALUATION OF INDICATORS FOR USE IN VITAMIN-A INTERVENTION TRIALS TARGETED AT WOMEN; This paper examines the ability of three indicators to detect changes in women's vitamin A status. Serum retinol concentration, milk vitamin A concentration, and milk vitamin A per gram milk fat were used to assess the vitamin A status of mildly deficient Indonesian women before and after supplementation in a randomized intervention trial. Choice of indicator made a fourfold difference in the sample size required to measure a statistically significant change in vitamin A status. Milk vitamin A per gram milk fat was the best indicator of response, milk vitamin A concentration was intermediate, and serum retinol concentration performed most poorly. Serum retinol concentration was equally responsive across the range of vitamin A status in this population. The milk indicators were more responsive among women of lower status than women of higher status. Milk vitamin A is an efficient indicator for monitoring the effects of vitamin A interventions in women.
Heart involvement in Rheumatoid Arthritis: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: The aim of our study was to conduct a systematic review with meta-analysis of the current case-control studies about the valvular and pericardial involvement in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), asymptomatic for cardiovascular diseases.
A phase III study on the efficacy of topical aloe vera gel on irradiated breast tissue; The aim of the study was to see if topical aloe vera gel would be beneficial in reducing the identified skin side-effects of radiation therapy, including erythema, pain, itching, dry desquamation, and moist desquamation, when compared with aqueous cream. The secondary aim was to assess the effect of other factors known to predict severity of radiation skin reaction, le, breast size, smoking habit, and one or more drainages of lymphocele after surgery, on other skin side effects.
Pre-clinical and preliminary dose-finding and safety studies to identify candidate antivenoms for treatment of envenoming by saw-scaled or carpet vipers (<i>Echis ocellatus</i>) in northern Nigeria; The aim of this study was to identify candidate antivenoms with specific activity against the venom of the saw-scaled or carpet viper (Echis ocellatus) in northern Nigeria, where bites by this species cause great morbidity and mortality but where effective antivenoms have become scarce and unaffordable. Selected antivenoms were destined to be compared by randomised controlled clinical trials (RCTs). Standard pre-clinical neutralisation assays were carried out in rodents. We included two licensed antivenoms of established clinical efficacy and 6 candidate antivenoms. Although 6 of the tested antivenoms showed promising efficacy, all but 3 were excluded from further study because of inadequate pre-clinical efficacy or because they were unavailable or unaffordable for the anticipated RCTs. Median effective doses (ED50) of the remaining three candidate antivenoms suggested that the following doses might neutralise the maximum observed venom yield of 24.8 mg (dry weight) of venom milked from captive E. ocellatus: 10 ml of MicroPharm "EchiTAb G" (ET-G) antivenom; 30 ml of Instituto Clodomiro Picado "EchiTAb-Plus-ICP" (ET-Plus) antivenom; 50 ml of VacSera, Cairo "EgyVac" antivenom. A preliminary clinical dose-finding and safety study of these three antivenoms was carried out in 24 patients with incoagulable blood after E. ocellatus bites who were not severely envenomed. A 3 + 3 dose escalation design was employed. Initial doses of 10 ml ET-G and 30 ml ET-Plus restored blood coagulability in groups of 6 patients with early mild reactions (pruritus only) in not more than one third of them. EgyVac antivenom did not fulfil efficacy or safety criteria in 12 patients. On the basis of these results, ET-G and ET-Plus were selected for comparison in a RCT (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
DIETARY FACTORS AND BREAST-CANCER RISK; As part of a case-control study in northern Alberta, Canada, 577 women aged 30-80 with breast cancer diagnosed during 1976-1977 and a population-based age-stratified random sample of 826 disease-free female controls were questioned about certain aspects of their diet. Computing relative risks (RR) by tertiles, significant increasing trends were found with more frequent consumption of beef (RRs of 1.0, 2.3, 1.5; test for trend, P < 0.001), pork (RRs of 1.0, 1.6, 2.2; test for trend, P < 0.001) and sweet desserts (Rrs of 1.0, 1.3, 1.5; test for trend, P = 0.01). Elevated risks were noted for use of butter at the table and for frying with butter or margarine as opposed to vegetable oils. The association of total beef and pork consumption with breast cancer was not materially affected by controlling for age at 1st birth, family history of breast cancer, previous benign breast biopsy or socioeconomic status. The association was not reduced by controlling for ages of menarche and menopause, even though within the control series the intake of beef and pork reported in adult life was higher among those with a lower age at menarche or an older age at natural menopause.
Association between nut consumption and cancer risk: a meta-analysis; This study aims to conduct a meta-analysis and dose-response analysis of the relationship between nut intake and cancer risk and mortality. Electronic databases were searched. A meta-analysis was conducted to calculate the pooled effect sizes (ESs) with the corresponding 95% CIs, and a dose-response analysis was performed. A random-effects model was used in the statistical analysis. Two independent reviewers completed the full-text screening, data extraction, and quality assessment. We included 17 articles in the present meta-analysis. Total nuts intake was revealed to be significantly associated with reduced cancer risk (ES: 0.9; 95% CI: 0.86-0.95; P < 0.001) and cancer mortality (ES: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.85-0.92, P < 0.001), especially lung cancer risk (ES: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.81-0.91, P < 0.001) and gastric cancer risk (ES: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.68-0.91, P = 0.001). Moreover, a 10 g/d increment of tree nuts consumption was associated with a 20% cancer mortality reduction (ES: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.71-0.89; P < 0.0001). Nuts intake is significantly associated with the reduction of cancer risk and mortality. Especially, nuts intake is significantly associated with reduced lung cancer risk and gastric cancer risk. Noticeably, a 10 g/d increase in tree nuts intake is related to a 20% reduction in overall cancer mortality.
Oral Protein Supplements Might Improve Nutritional Status and Quality of Life in Elderly Patients after Standard Pancreatic Resection; Elderly patients who undergo pancreaticoduodenectomy (PPPD) or distal pancreatectomy (DP) experience not only a reduction in protein intake but also a decrease in protease secretion, leading to impaired protein digestion and absorption. This increases the risk of malnutrition and creates a dual burden of sarcopenia. This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial examined the impact of protein supplements on the nutritional status and quality of life (QoL) of elderly patients after PPPD and DP surgeries. For six weeks, the case group (CG; n = 23) consumed protein supplements containing 18 g of protein daily, while the placebo group (PG; n = 18) consumed a placebo with the same amount of carbohydrate. In elderly patients where protein digestion and intake were compromised, the CG showed significantly higher protein intake (77.3 +/- 5.3 g vs. 56.7 +/- 6.0 g, p = 0.049), improved QoL, better nutritional status, and faster walking speed compared to the PG. Protein intake was positively correlated with muscle mass and phase angle. Protein supplementation may not only increase protein intake but also improve clinical outcomes such as walking speed, nutritional status, and QoL in elderly post-surgical patients at high risk of sarcopenia. Further studies are needed to determine the optimal dosage and long-term effects.
Clinical practice guidelines for the prevention and treatment of acute and late radiation reactions from the MASCC Skin Toxicity Study Group; Radiation dermatitis (RD) results from radiotherapy and often occurs within the first 4 weeks of treatment, although late effects also occur. While RD may resolve over time, it can have a profound effect on patients' quality of life and lead to dose modifications. A study group of international, interdisciplinary experts convened to develop RD prevention and treatment guidelines based on evidence from randomized, controlled trials. Evidence-based recommendations were developed after an extensive literature review. Randomized, controlled trials with standardized measurement of outcomes were considered the best evidence, and a majority of the recommendations were formulated from this literature. The adoption of washing with water, with or without a mild soap, and allowing the use of antiperspirants is supported by randomized trials. Use of topical prophylactic corticosteroids (mometasone) is recommended to reduce discomfort and itching. There is some evidence that silver sulfadiazine cream can reduce dermatitis score. There is insufficient evidence to support, and therefore the panel recommends against the use of trolamine, topical sulcrate, hyaluronic acid, ascorbic acid, silver leaf dressing, light-emitting diode lasers, Theta cream, dexpanthenol, calendula, proteolytic enzymes, sulcralfate, oral zinc, and pentoxifylline. Moreover, there is no evidence to support the superiority for any specific intervention in a reactive fashion. For patients with established radiation-induced telangiectasia and fibrosis, the panel suggests the use of pulse dye laser for visual appearance, and the use of pentoxifylline and vitamin E for the reduction of fibrosis.
Topical interventions for genital lichen sclerosus; Background
Effect of Important Food Sources of Fructose-Containing Sugars on Inflammatory Biomarkers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Controlled Feeding Trials; Background: Fructose-containing sugars as sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) may increase inflammatory biomarkers. Whether this effect is mediated by the food matrix at different levels of energy is unknown. To investigate the role of food source and energy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials on the effect of different food sources of fructose-containing sugars on inflammatory markers at different levels of energy control. Methods: MEDLINE, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched through March 2022 for controlled feeding trials >= 7 days. Four trial designs were prespecified by energy control: substitution (energy matched replacement of sugars); addition (excess energy from sugars added to diets); subtraction (energy from sugars subtracted from diets); and ad libitum (energy from sugars freely replaced). The primary outcome was C-reactive protein (CRP). Secondary outcomes were tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. GRADE assessed certainty of evidence. Results: We identified 64 controlled trials (91 trial comparisons, n = 4094) assessing 12 food sources (SSB; sweetened dairy; sweetened dairy alternative [soy]; 100% fruit juice; fruit; dried fruit; mixed fruit forms; sweetened cereal grains and bars; sweets and desserts; added nutritive [caloric] sweetener; mixed sources [with SSBs]; and mixed sources [without SSBs]) at 4 levels of energy control over a median 6-weeks in predominantly healthy mixed weight or overweight/obese adults. Total fructose-containing sugars decreased CRP in addition trials and had no effect in substitution, subtraction or ad libitum trials. No effect was observed on other outcomes at any level of energy control. There was evidence of interaction/influence by food source: substitution trials (sweetened dairy alternative (soy) and 100% fruit juice decreased, and mixed sources (with SSBs) increased CRP); and addition trials (fruit decreased CRP and TNF-alpha; sweets and desserts (dark chocolate) decreased IL-6). The certainty of evidence was moderate-to-low for the majority of analyses. Conclusions: Food source appears to mediate the effect of fructose-containing sugars on inflammatory markers over the short-to-medium term. The evidence provides good indication that mixed sources that contain SSBs increase CRP, while most other food sources have no effect with some sources (fruit, 100% fruit juice, sweetened soy beverage or dark chocolate) showing decreases, which may be dependent on energy control. Clinicaltrials.gov: (NCT02716870).
Randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled intraindividual trial on topical treatment with a 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub> analogue in polymorphic light eruption; Background Polymorphic light eruption (PLE) is a very frequent photodermatosis whose pathogenesis may involve resistance to ultraviolet (UV)-induced immune suppression. Similar to UV radiation, calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3) and its analogues such as calcipotriol have been shown to exhibit immunosuppressive properties.
Sequential gene profiling of basal cell carcinomas treated with imiquimod in a placebo-controlled study defines the requirements for tissue rejection; Background: Imiquimod is a Toll-like receptor-7 agonist capable of inducing complete clearance of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and other cutaneous malignancies. We hypothesized that the characterization of the early transcriptional events induced by imiquimod may provide insights about immunological events preceding acute tissue and/or tumor rejection.
Right ventricular dysfunction and tricuspid regurgitation in functional mitral regurgitation; Aim The objective of this study was to investigate the prognostic importance of right ventricular dysfunction (RVD) and tricuspid regurgitation (TR) in patients with moderate-severe functional mitral regurgitation (FMR) receiving MitraClip procedure. RVD and TR grade are associated with cardiovascular mortality in the general population and other cardiovascular diseases. However, there are limited data from observational studies on the prognostic significance of RVD and TR in FMR receiving MitraClip procedure.
Food fortification with multiple micronutrients: impact on health outcomes in general population (Review); Background
Local interventions for actinic keratosis in organ transplant recipients: a systematic review; Background Actinic keratosis (AK) in organ transplant recipients (OTRs) has a high risk of progressing to invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Thus, early and consequent treatment of AKs is warranted in OTRs. Objectives To summarize the current evidence for nonsystemic treatments of AKs in OTRs. Methods We performed a systematic literature search in MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and hand-searched pertinent trial registers up to 22 August 2018. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating nonsystemic interventions for AKs in OTRs were included. The risk of bias was estimated using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool. Results Of 663 records initially identified, eight RCTs with 242 OTRs were included in a qualitative synthesis. Most studies evaluated methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT), followed by ablative fractional laser (AFXL) and diclofenac sodium 3% in hyaluronic acid, imiquimod 5% cream and 5-fluorouracil 5% cream (5-FU). MAL-PDT showed the highest rates of participant complete clearance (40-76.4%), followed by imiquimod (27.5-62.1%), diclofenac (41%) and 5-FU (11%). Similar results were observed for lesion-specific clearance rates. Treatment with AFXL alone revealed low lesion clearance (5-31%). Local skin reactions were most intense in participants treated with a combination of AFXL and daylight MAL-PDT. There were no therapy-related transplant rejections or worsening of graft function in any trial. The overall risk of bias was high. Conclusions Limited evidence is available for the treatment of AKs in OTRs. MAL-PDT is currently the best-studied intervention. Lesion-specific regimens may not be sufficient to achieve disease control. Field-directed regimens are preferable in this high-risk population.
Nutrition intervention is beneficial to the quality of life of patients with gastrointestinal cancer undergoing chemotherapy in Vietnam; Introduction The best treatment therapy for gastrointestinal cancer patients is assessed by the improvement of health status and quality of life (QoL) after treatments. Malnutrition is related to loss of muscle strengths which leads to lower physical performance and emotional status. Thus, this study aimed to estimate the effects of nutritional interventions on the improvement of QoL among gastrointestinal patients undergoing chemotherapy in Vietnam.
Photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate for primary nodular basal cell carcinoma: results of two randomized studies; Background
Recommendations of Diet and Lifestyle in Prostate Cancer Patients; Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer following lung cancer in worldwide. Therefore many studies were performed about diet and lifestyle changes for preventing progressive disease in prostate cancer. When these studies evaluated; smoking, sedentary lifestyle and obesity were found to be associated with the progression of prostate cancer. In studies on the diet; red meat, dietary saturated fat and dairy products can increase the progression of prostate cancer, while green tea, pomegranate and soy products can reduce. However large randomized controlled trials are needed to clarify the information.
Topical pimecrolimus versus betamethasone for oral lichen planus: a randomized clinical trial; ObjectivesOral lichen plans (OLP) is a potentially malignant inflammatory mucocutaneous disease. CD133 is an investigated surface marker for cancer stem-like cells (CSCs) that may be involved in tumor initiation in head and neck carcinomas. We compared short-term clinical effectiveness of topical pimecrolimus as selective inflammatory cytokine release inhibitor with betamethasone cream for erosive/atrophic OLP and investigated the influence of this therapy on CD133 expression.Material and methodsThirty patients were randomly assigned into two equal groups to receive topical pimecrolimus (group I) or betamethasone (group II) four times daily for 4weeks. A marker lesion in each patient were assessed at baseline using clinical score (CS) and visual analog scale (VAS) then at 1, 2, and 4weeks and after 4weeks of treatment-free period. CD133 expression was detected in pre- and post-treatment immunostained sections.ResultsBoth drugs showed a reduction in CS, VAS, and CD133 expressions after treatment termination (p<0.001). Pimecrolimus-treated lesions showed significant higher 1st week reduction in severity (33.1% (22.2)), pain score (57.53% (14.27)), less recurrence in follow-up period and less CD133 expression by the end of the 1st 4weeks compared with betamethasone.ConclusionPimecrolimus showed earlier clinical response and less recurrence rate compared with standard topical corticosteroid in symptomatic OLP lesions, and both treatment reduced CD133-positive CSC population.Clinical relevanceThe study proved the benefits of topical pimecrolimus in early management of painful lesions of OLP and its ability to inhibit CSCs, suggesting a possible role in reducing risk of malignant transformation.
Melatonin for Prevention of Breast Radiation Dermatitis: A Phase II, Prospective, Double-Blind Randomized Trial; Background: Radiation-induced dermatitis is commonly seen during radiotherapy for breast cancer. Melatonin-based creams have shown a protective effect against ultraviolet induced erythema and a radioprotective effect in rats.
Large-size fattening calves' lots fed with automatic milk feeders may have an increased risk for<i> Mycoplasma</i><i> bovis</i> infection spread and for antibiotic use; Bovine respiratory disease is the leading user of antibiotics (AB) in calf production. Mycoplasma (M.) bovis could lead to greater use of AB as it is a persistent and AB resistant causative agent for respiratory diseases. Two cross-sectional studies were set up to assess the effects of lot size and feeding system on M. bovis infection and the effects of M. bovis seroconversion, lot size and feeding system on AB use in calves' feedlots. Twenty-six lots in 22 fattening farms were monitored for 41-81 days, from all-in entry of calves until three consecutive weeks without using any collective antibiotics. M. bovis spread was estimated by measuring seroconversion at entry and at the end of study period in 10-15 calves randomly sampled in each lot. All AB treatments used in the meanwhile were recorded. The lots were selected according to feeding system, i.e. individual bucket (n = 7) vs. automated milk feeder (AMF, n = 19), and lot size (30-519 calves), less than 50 calves (n = 9) vs. more than 50 calves (n = 17). Statistical analysis was performed using multivariable generalised linear models with fattening farms as random effect. M. bovis spread increased with lot size (odds ratio (OR) 2.9[1.4; 5.8] per two-fold increase in lot size). This proportion of seroconverted calves was lower in bucket-fed lots compared to lots fed with the AMF using a shared nipple (OR = 0.03[0.003; 0.41]). The main risk factor for AB use was the lot size, with an increase of 1.5[0.94; 1.98] treatments per two-fold increase in lot size. For same size lots, the use of bucket can decrease AB consumption by up to 1.03[-2.18; 0.14] treatments per calf compared to AMF. Analysis of the association between seroconversion to M. bovis and AB use was inconclusive. We found that bucket feeding in small-size lots, i.e. up to a maximum of 50 calves in the same space, limits seroconversion to M. bovis and enables lower use of AB in veal calf production. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of The Animal Consortium. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effect of Multimedia Education on Nutritional Behaviour for Colorectal Cancer Prevention: An Application of Health Belief Model; Background: Colorectal cancer is a major public health problem. A way to decrease this cancer is through dietary behavioural changes. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of education on dietary behaviour based on the health belief model (HBM) using multimedia.
Effects of differential supplementation of fatty acids during the peripartum and breeding periods of Holstein cows: II. Neutrophil fatty acids and function, and acute phase proteins; The objectives were to evaluate the effects of differential supplementation of Ca salts (CS) of fatty acids (FA) on plasma acute phase proteins and both FA composition and function (i.e., activity and cytokine production) of neutrophils, during the peripartum and breeding periods. Holstein cows were assigned randomly to receive either CS of palm (PO) or safflower (SO) oils from 30 d prepartum until 35 d postpartum (dpp) and CS of PO or fish oil (FO) from 35 to 160 dpp. Supplementation of CS of FA was at 1.5% of dietary dry matter. Cows (n = 32) were sampled three times weekly from parturition to 35 dpp for analyses of plasma concentrations of haptoglobin and fibrinogen. Cows (n = 47) were sampled for neutrophil phagocytic and oxidative burst activities toward Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus, and neutrophil abundances of L-selectin and beta(2)-integrin assessed by flow cytometry at 32 d prepartum, within 7 h after parturition, and 4 and 7 dpp. Profiles of FA in neutrophils and cytokine production (i.e., tumor necrosis factor alpha, TNF-alpha, and IL-1 beta) were assessed prepartum (n = 14), 35 (PO vs. SO; n = 26) and 85 dpp (PO vs. FO; n = 28). Plasma concentrations of haptoglobin and fibrinogen were greater for cows fed SO compared with PO. The percentage of neutrophils with phagocytic and oxidative burst activities was not affected by transition diets, but activities per neutrophil were greater in SO compared with PO diets at 4 (phagocytosis and oxidative burst) and 7 dpp (oxidative burst). Neutrophil abundance of L-selectin, but not beta(2)-integrin, was greater in SO compared with PO at 4 and 7 dpp. Neutrophil productions of TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta were increased at 35 dpp in SO compared with PO diets, but production of TNF-alpha was attenuated in FO compared with PO at 85 dpp. Neutrophil ratios of n-6:n-3 FA were greater at 35 dpp in the SO diet and less at 85 dpp in FO compared with PO diets. In conclusion, cows supplemented with CS of SO had improved innate immunity (i.e., acute phase response and neutrophil function) to better cope with the bacterial challenges in the postpartum period. Conversely, CS of FO attenuated neutrophil cytokine production.
Rheumatoid arthritis affects left ventricular mass: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Cardiovascular disease represents one of the most important extra-articular causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Evidences showed that several cardiac structures can be affected during the course of the disease as well as abnormalities of left ventricular diastolic filling. Contrasting data are available about left ventricular mass (LVM) involvement in patients asymptomatic for cardiovascular disease.
Molecular epidemiology of human liver cancer: insights into etiology, pathogenesis and prevention from The Gambia, West Africa; Human liver cancer, primarily hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), is both common and lethal. Notable variation in HCC incidence rates worldwide corresponds to the prevalence and pattern of the primary etiologic factors. In summary of decades of collaborative research centered in The Gambia, West Africa, this review explores the independent and combined effects of hepatitis B virus (HBV), hepatitis C virus (HCV) and dietary aflatoxin exposure in the etiology of HCC. Through population surveys, field trials and a series of HCC case-control studies, the patterns and natural history of HBV, HCV and aflatoxin exposures have been defined within this population. These investigations have paralleled and informed the development of molecular biomarkers of these etiologic agents and contributed to understanding the complex mechanisms involved in hepatocarcinogenesis. We discuss preventive approaches to reduce the global burden of HCC, emphasizing The Gambia Hepatitis Intervention Study, a countrywide randomized controlled trial designed to document the efficacy of HB vaccination in preventing HBV infections and HBV-related HCC. By recognizing the synergy of applying molecular techniques to population-based epidemiological studies, the portfolio of Gambian research projects presented provides a model for partnering etiologic and mechanistic investigations with applied research.
Intravaginal Testosterone Improves Sexual Satisfaction and Vaginal Symptoms Associated With Aromatase Inhibitors; Context: Intravaginal testosterone (IVT) is a potential treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA) associated with aromatase inhibitor (AI) use.
Pharmacological treatments for basal cell carcinoma; Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common non-melanoma skin cancer, and its incidence continues to rise. Current management options are numerous and focus on tumour eradication while maximising cosmetic and functional capacity. Although surgery continues to be considered the main treatment modality, new pharmacological agents, such as immunomodulators, topical chemotherapeutic agents and photodynamic therapy, have emerged and show promising results. Pharmacological agents offer the potential for lower morbidity and improved tissue preservation compared with surgery and radiotherapy. However, pharmacological treatments possess higher failure rates when compared with surgery, and most studies have investigated only low-risk lesions. Several prospective, randomised, double-blind, vehicle-controlled studies have established the efficacy of imiquimod for superficial BCC.
Comparison of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy with cryotherapy or fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ - Results of a multicenter randomized trial; Objective: To compare the efficacy, tolerability, and cosmetic outcome of photodynamic therapy (PDT) using topical methyl aminolevulinate with cryotherapy or topical fluorouracil for treatment of squamous cell carcinoma in situ.
CLINICAL-EVALUATION OF TOPICAL ISOTRETINOIN IN THE TREATMENT OF ACTINIC KERATOSES; Background: Retinoids have been shown to improve the manifestations of skin photodamage, including actinic keratoses.
Immunomodulatory and Growth-Promoting Effect of a Probiotic Supplemented in the Feed of Broiler Chicks Vaccinated Against Infectious Bursal Disease; This study was designed to investigate the effects of a probiotic plus an immunomodulatory product on the growth performance, immune response and net economic returns of broiler chicks vaccinated against Infectious bursal diseases virus (IBDV). A flock of 350 day-old chicks were equally and randomly distributed in seven groups, each comprising 50 birds. A mixture of microorganisms ((1)Probiotic) or Cyclophosphamide (immune suppressor) was offered through feed supplementation to different groups. The Probiotic, consisting of Lactobacillus species, Bifidobacterium, Streptococcus salivarius and Enterococcus faecium, in addition to Aspergillus oryza and Candida pintolopessii. Compared with control treatment group, the probiotic-supplemented chicks had better feed conversion ratio (FCR) (1.938 and 1.959), with significantly heavier live body weight 2141.0 +/- 34.2 and 2120.3 +/- 33.2, respectively. Similarly, their antibody titers against IBDV were significantly higher (941 and 832) on day 35. No morbidity and mortality were observed in these groups. This study suggests that a product composed of a probiotic and cyclophosphamide enhanced the growth rate as well as the immunity against infectious bursal disease virus of broilers chicks.
Maternal pyrimidine nucleoside supplementation regulates fatty acid, amino acid and glucose metabolism of neonatal piglets; Pyrimidine nucleosides (PN) are abundant in mammalian milk and mainly involved in glycogen depo-sition and lipid metabolism. To investigate the effects of maternal supplementation with pyrimidine nucleoside on glucose, fatty acids (FAs), and amino acids (AAs) metabolism in neonatal piglets. Forty pregnant sows were randomly assigned into the control (CON) group (fed a basal diet, n 1/4 20) or the PN group (fed a basal diet supplemented with PN at 150 g/t, n 1/4 20). Litter size, born alive and birth litter weight were recorded. The serum and placenta of sows, and jejunum and liver of neonatal piglets were sampled. The results indicated that supplementing sow diets with PN decreased birth mortality and increased the birth weight of piglets (P < 0.05). In addition, neonates from sows supplemented with PN had higher glucose levels in serum and liver compared with the CON group (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal PN supplementation regulated the ratio of saturated FAs and polyunsaturated FAs, and AAs content in serum and liver of piglets (P < 0.05). Furthermore, an up-regulation of mRNA expression of genes related to glucose and AA transport were observed in the neonatal jejunum from the PN group (P < 0.05). Additionally, hepatic protein expressions of phosphorylated hormone-sensitive lipase (P-HSL), HSL, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription factor 1c (SREBP-1c), and phosphorylated protein kinase B (P-AKT) was higher in the piglets from the PN group than the CON group (P < 0.05). Together, maternal PN supplementation may regulate nutrient metabolism of neonatal piglets by modulating the gene expression of glucose and AA transporters in placenta and jejunum, and the gene and protein expression of key enzymes related to lipid metabolism in liver of neonatal piglets, which may improve the reproductive performance of sows.(c) 2022 The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
DETERMINING FREQUENCY OF CORONAVIRUS ISOLATED FROM CALVES WITH DIARRHEAIN ZABOL CITY; Diarrhea is a major cause of death in young calves, which leads to recession, reduces productivity and production, increases mortality and cost of medication and treatment. Rotavirus andcoronavirus are the most common viral causes of diarrhea in neonataland young calves. The present study aimed to obtain information on prevalence of calf coronavirus infection and the effect of age and gender on incidence of this disease in Sistan region. For this purpose, 72 fecal samples from calves under four months of age with diarrhea were studied. Random samples were collected from dairy farms in studied regionwithin nine months. The results were interpreted based on ELISA kit manuals. The frequency of coronavirus was 2.8% among diarrheal calves in studied region. One-day to 30-day oldcalves were more susceptible to coronavirus infections than other age groups. However, no statistically significant difference was found between different age groups (p> 0.05). In addition, coronavirus infection is more prevalent in males (6.4%) than females (0%). The results showed low prevalence of coronavirus infection in studied region. Appropriate preventive measures can be used in dairy farms to reduce the incidence of diarrhea among neonatal calves with respect to risk factors of diarrhea.
The effect of Mepitel Film on acute radiation-induced skin reactions in head and neck cancer patients: a feasibility study; Objective: Mepitel Film significantly decreases acute radiation-induced skin reactions in breast cancer patients. Here we investigated the feasibility of using Mepitel Film in head and neck cancer patients (ACTRN12614000932662).
Effect of Addition of Silymarin to Renin-Angiotensin System Inhibitors on Proteinuria in Type 2 Diabetic Patients With Overt Nephropathy: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Background: A large proportion of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have diabetic nephropathy. Despite current therapies including renin-angiotensin system inhibitors, diabetic nephropathy progresses to end-stage renal disease in most of these patients. Therefore, there is an urgent need to find new treatments for such patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of silymarin, an herbal drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, in preventing the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
TRETINOIN - A REVIEW OF ITS PHARMACOLOGICAL PROPERTIES AND CLINICAL EFFICACY IN THE TOPICAL TREATMENT OF PHOTODAMAGED SKIN; Tretinoin (all-trans-retinoic acid) is a retinol (vitamin A) derivative which has been evaluated as a topical treatment for the symptoms of photodamaged skin. In several well-controlled clinical trials, the proportion of patients showing improvement was significantly higher with 0.01 or 0.05% tretinoin cream than with placebo for criteria such as global assessment, fine and coarse wrinkling, pig mentation and roughness. Improvements in the overall severity of photodamage were also significantly greater with tretinoin than with placebo. The extent of clinical improvement with tretinoin has generally been moderate, but cytological and histological studies have shown that extensive changes in the epidermis and dermis occur during treatment. However, the permanency and clinical significance of these changes has yet to be fully evaluated.
Activity and safety of topical pimecrolimus in patients with early stage mycosis fungoides (PimTo-MF): a single-arm, multicentre, phase 2 trial; Background The calcineurin pathway is often activated in mycosis fungoides. We aimed to assess the activity and safety of topical pimecrolimus, a calcineurin inhibitor, in patients with early mycosis fungoides.
Probiotic impact on microbial flora, inflammation and tumour development in IL-10 knockout mice; Background: The enteric bacterial flora has been implicated in the pathogenesis of enterocolitis and colon cancer in C57BL/6 IL-10 knockout mice. Probiotic Lactobacilli modify the enteric flora and are thought to have a beneficial effect on enterocolitis. We conducted a controlled feeding trial in IL-10 knockout mice using the probiotic Lactobacillus salivarius ssp. salivarius UCC118.
A phase III, randomized, open label study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of imiquimod 5% cream applied thrice weekly for 8 and 12 weeks in the treatment of low-risk nodular basal cell carcinoma; Objective. The present study was planned to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topical treatment with imiquimod in nodular basal cell carcinoma (nBCC).
Prostate cancer and the influence of dietary factors and supplements: a systematic review; Background: Prostate cancer is the second most common cause of cancer worldwide after lung cancer. There is increasing evidence that diet and lifestyle plays a crucial role in prostate cancer biology and tumourigenesis. Prostate cancer itself represents a good model of cancer in which to look for chemopreventive agents due to the high disease prevalence, slowly progressive nature, and long latency period. Dietary agents have gained considerable attention, often receiving much publicity in the media.
Topical vaginal estrogen therapy in managing postmenopausal urinary symptoms: a reality or a gimmick?; Postmenopausal estrogen deprivation has been suggested as a risk factor for lower urinary tract dysfunction including stress incontinence, overactive bladder and recurrent urinary tract infection. These symptoms could have enormous effects on individuals and health-care providers in terms of impact on quality of life and cost. Recent randomized, controlled trials suggested that systemic hormone replacement therapy does have a negative effect on female lower urinary tract function, probably because of the progestogen component. Further, it may be unacceptable for many women because of concerns about breast cancer or the return of withdrawal bleeding. Topical vaginal estrogen preparations reverse urogenital atrophic changes and may relieve associated urinary symptoms while avoiding systemic and progestogenic effects. This article provides an up-to-date overview of the role, effectiveness and safety of topical vaginal estrogen therapy for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms in postmenopausal women.
Effectiveness of topical corticosteroids on the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives: To evaluate the effect of topical corticosteroids (TCS) in preventing acute radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Methods: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis were conducted following the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in six English databases (PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, Embase), three Chinese databases (Sinomed, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Cqvip), and two clinical trial registration platforms (CHICTR, Clinicaltrials.gov) were systematically searched from inception to 1 February 2024. Results: Thirteen RCTs were included, with 1172 patients in this updated review. Meta-analysis showed that TCS reduced the rate of moist desquamation (OR = 0.31; 95% CI = [0.22, 0.44]; P < 0.01), the incidence of Radiation Therapy Oncology Group ratings of grade 2 or higher (OR = 0.22; 95% CI = [0.14, 0.32]; P < 0.01), the incidence of Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events ratings of grade 2 or higher (OR = 0.56; 95% CI = [0.37, 0.84]; P < 0.01), the mean score of radiation dermatitis (SMD = -0.46; 95% CI = [-0.59, -0.34]; P < 0.01), skin erythema and hyperpigmentation readings, and improved subjective symptoms. Conclusions: TCS can effectively prevent acute radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Systematic review registration: Prospero (CRD42024507890).
Food groups associated with a reduced risk of 15-year all-cause death; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Long-term observational cohorts provide the opportunity to investigate the potential impact of dietary patterns on death. We aimed to investigate all-cause death according to the consumption of selected food groups, and then to identify those independently associated with reduced mortality.
Low vitamin D status is associated with physical inactivity, obesity and low vitamin D intake in a large US sample of healthy middle-aged men and women; The aim of this study was to investigate modifiable predictors of vitamin D status in healthy individuals, aged 55-74, and living across the USA. Vitamin D status [serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D)] was measured along with age and season at blood collection, demographics, anthropometry, physical activity (PA), diet, and other lifestyle factors in 1357 male and 1264 female controls selected from the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial (PLCO) cohort. Multivariate linear and logistic regression analyses were used to identify associations with vitamin D status. Three%, 29% and 79% of the population had serum 25(OH)D levels <25, <50 and <80 nmol/L, respectively. The major modifiable predictors of low vitamin D status were low vitamin D dietary and supplement intake, body mass index (BMI) >30 kg/m(2), physical inactivity (PA) and low milk and calcium supplement intake. In men, 25(OH)D was determined more by milk intake on cereal and in women, by vitamin D and calcium supplement and menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) use. Thus targeting an increase in vigorous activity and vitamin D and calcium intake and decreasing obesity could be public health interventions independent of sun exposure to improve vitamin D status in middle-aged Americans. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Network geometry shows evidence sequestration for medical vs. surgical practices: treatments for basal cell carcinoma; Objectives: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common cancer with 2 million treatments per year with little evidence-based guidelines for treatment. There are three classes of interventions (surgical, destructive, and topical) for BCC, and this study aimed to determine whether there are preferences or avoidances in comparisons of different types of treatments for BCC in randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
BIOAVAILABILITY OF ALLOPURINOL ORAL AND RECTAL DOSAGE FORMS; The bioavailability of allopurinol [used to decrease plasma uric acid levels in patients receiving cancer chemotherapy] from orally administered tablets and rectally administered suppositories is reported. Two types of rectal suppositories (cocoa butter and polyethylene glycol [PEG]) were compounded and contained 300 mg allopurinol (from oral tablets). Five healthy volunteers received 300 mg allopurinol orally from tablets or rectally from suppositories in a randomized, 3-way crossover design. Serial blood samples were drawn for 72 h following administration and were analyzed by high-pressure liquid chromatography for allopurinol and its metabolite, oxipurinol. The interaction between allopurinol and PEG was studied in vitro using a dialysis method. Serum allopurinol levels following oral administration of tablets peaked at 1.5 .+-. 0.23 .mu.g/ml at 5.20 .+-. 0.65 h. Allopurinol was not detectable after administration of cocoa butter/allopurinol suppositories; oxipurinol peaked at 0.34 .+-. 0.14 .mu.g/ml at 13 .+-. 11 h. The bioavailability of allopurinol from the cocoa butter suppository, relative to the tablet, was 5.77 .+-. 2.5%. Neither allopurinol nor oxipurinol was detectable (< 0.1 .mu.g/ml) in the sera of persons following administration of PEG suppositories. Dialysis studies showed decreased loss of allopurinol from the dialysis sac as PEG concentration increased. The rectal suppositories of allopurinol used did not appear to be an efficient means of administering this drug.
Knowledge, practice and associated factors of essential newborn care at home among mothers in Gulomekada District, Eastern Tigray, Ethiopia, 2014; Background: Around the world, more than three million newborns die in their first months of life every year. In Ethiopia during the last five years period; neonatal mortality is 37 deaths per 1000 live births. Even though there is an improvement compared to the past five years, there is still high home delivery 90 %, and high neonatal mortality about the Millennium Development Goal, which aims to be less than 32/1000 live births in Ethiopia. The purpose of this study is to assess maternal knowledge, practice and associated factors of essential newborn care at home in Gulomekada District Eastern Tigray, Ethiopia.
Comparison of oral, intravenous, and subcutaneous fluid therapy for resuscitation of calves with diarrhea; Neonatal diarrhea remains the primary cause of mortality in dairy calves around the world, and optimal treatment protocols are needed. The main goals of therapy are to restore hydration and electrolyte concentrations, correct strong ion (metabolic) acidemia, and provide nutritional support. Administration of oral electrolyte solutions (OES) has long been the primary method used to treat neonatal diarrhea in humans and calves because OES are capable of addressing each of the primary goals of therapy. In calves with moderate dehydration, we hypothesized that oral electrolytes would be as good as or better than small volumes of intravenous (IV) or subcutaneous (SC) fluids. Therefore, the main goal of this study was to compare the ability of a commercially available oral electrolyte solution (OES) administered alone or in combination with hypertonic saline with small volumes of IV or SC fluid therapy to resuscitate calves with diarrhea. Thirty-three Holstein calves from 5 to 14 d of age were utilized in this clinical trial. Diarrhea and dehydration were induced by adding sucrose to the milk replacer. In addition, hydrochlorothiazide and spironolactone were given orally and furosemide intramuscularly. Depression status, clinical hydration scores, fecal consistency, and body weight were recorded at regular intervals. Treatment began when calves had severe diarrhea and had a decrease in plasma volume of at least 10%. Calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 treatment groups of 8 to 9 calves per group: (1) OES; (2) OES with hypertonic saline (4 mL/kg, IV); (3) IV fluids (lactated Ringer's, 2 L); or (4) SC fluids (lactated Ringer's, 2 L). Treatments were given at 0 and 12 h. Changes in plasma volume, blood pH, electrolyte levels, and physical examination scores were determined before therapy and again at 1, 2, 4, 8, and 12 It after each treatment. All 4 treatments were ultimately successful in improving hydration as well as increasing blood pH; however, animals in both groups that received OES had much faster resuscitation than those in either the IV or SC fluid group. In conclusion, oral electrolyte products remain the gold standard for resuscitating diarrheic calves with moderate dehydration and acidemia and will likely perform better than small volumes of IV lactated Ringer's solution. Subcutaneous fluids by themselves are a poor treatment option and should be only be used as supportive therapy following the initial correction of hypovolemia and metabolic acidosis.
Vitamin A supplementation during puerperium: systematic review; A systematic review on studies evaluating the effect of applying megadoses of vitamin A on the retinol concentrations in maternal milk and blood, as a short-term measure for preventing hypovitaminosis A, was conducted. Based on the strategy of the Brazilian Cochrane Center for randomized trials, 115 published papers were identified in PubMed. From these, through a set of inclusion/exclusion criteria, 14 articles published between 1993 and 2007 were selected. The effects of interventions with three posological regimens (200,000, 300,000 and 400,000 IU) of vitamin A were analyzed. Out of 11 experiments conducted on maternal milk, nine presented elevation of the retinol levels in comparison with the control group; out of nine that evaluated maternal blood, four showed elevation at varying times after applying megadoses of vitamin A. It was concluded that the results from administration of vitamin A at high doses were positive in 82% of the trials on maternal milk, but less notable in relation to maternal blood. No significant differences regarding the posological regimens applied were observed.
Barrier Protection Measures for the Management of Allergic Rhinitis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Background
Impact of a Powdered Meal Replacement on Metabolism and Gut Microbiota (PREMIUM) in individuals with excessive body weight: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial; Introduction Excess body weight is associated with a state of low-grade chronic inflammation and alterations of the gut microbiome. Powdered meal replacements (PMR) have been shown to be an effective strategy for weight management; however, their effect on inflammation and the gut microbiome remains unclear. The aim of this 12-week randomised control clinical trial is to investigate the effects of PMR consumption, here given as a soy-yoghurt-honey formula, on inflammation, gut microbiome and overall metabolism in individuals with excessive body weight.
Is the thin layer of methyl aminolevulinate used during photodynamic therapy sufficient?; BackgroundIf the recommended 1.0 mm layer of methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) is used during photodynamic therapy (PDT) of large areas with multiple actinic keratoses (AK) huge amounts of cream are needed.
Efficacy of Bovine Lactoferrin Supplementation in Preventing Late-onset Sepsis in low Birth Weight Neonates: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of bovine lactoferrin (BLF) in preventing first episode of late-onset sepsis (LOS) in low birth weight (LBW) neonates.
Effect of orally administered soy milk fermented with <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> LAB12 and physical exercise on murine immune responses; Probiotics are live microorganisms that confer health benefits through the gastrointestinal microbiota. This nutritional supplement may benefit athletes who undergo rigorous training by maintaining their gastrointestinal functions and overall health. In this study the influence of moderate physical exercise using a graded treadmill exercise, alone or in combination with the consumption of a soy product fermented with Lactobacillus plantarum LAB12 (LAB12), on tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) responses was investigated in a murine model. Male BALB/c mice were randomly divided into four groups of six mice each (control, exercise alone, LAB12 and LAB12 + exercise). Mice treated with the potential probiotic LAB12 were orally gavaged for 42 days. At autopsy, blood and spleen from the animals were collected. The splenocytes were cultured in the presence of a mitogen, concanavalin A (Con A). The amount of TNF-alpha produced by the Con A-stimulated splenocytes was quantified using ELISA, while their proliferation was determined using the [H-3]-thymidine incorporation method. This study shows that LAB12-supplemented and exercise-induced mice showed marked increase (P<0.05) in cell proliferation compared to the control animals. TNF-alpha production was suppressed (P<0.05) in the LAB12 group compared to the untreated mice. These results demonstrate that supplementation with LAB12 has immunomodulatory effects, under conditions of moderate physical exercise, which may have implications for human athletes. Further investigation in human trials is warranted to confirm and extrapolate these findings.
Demography of Zenaida Doves in Puerto Rico; We conducted a capture-recapture study of Zenaida Doves (Zenaida aurita) in three neighboring dairy farms in eastcentral Puerto Rico during 1984-1997. During 46 sampling periods, mean survival rate per sampling period was 0.77 (range = 0.1-1.0), mean recruitment was 911 individuals (range = 182-5,124), and mean population size was 1,569 individuals (range = 233-7,354). Survival increased during 1984-1991 and decreased during 1992-1997. Recruitment did not show a trend, but population size increased during 1984-1997. Rate of increase was a curvilinear decreasing function of population size. A demographic model with a fixed mortality rate stabilized at 1,350 individuals. When mortality rate was defined as a normal random variable, mean population size was 1,421 individuals, and there was a 0.95 probability of observing population sizes from 467 to 2,375 individuals. The size of the Zenaida Dove population varied widely over time, but periods of high recruitment rapidly offset periods of low survival in the dairy farms.
<i>Short communication</i>:: Absorption of protein and immunoglobulin G in calves fed a colostrum replacer; A well-managed colostrum program on farms is the most important step in reducing disease in neonatal calves. In the last few years, colostrum replacers have increased in popularity and are designed to be an alternative to colostrum on farms that have poor colostrum quality, limited colostrum reserves, or to break the cycle of transmission for certain infectious diseases. However, it is important to make sure these products are effective and are capable of providing adequate serum immunoglobulin concentrations. The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of a commercially available colostrum replacer product in dairy calves. Holstein calves from a single dairy were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups at birth. Group 1 ( n = 21) calves were given 4 quarts of colostrum via esophageal feeder within 3 h of birth and served as the control group for this study. Group 2 ( n = 21) received 2 packages of a colostrum replacer product, and group 3 ( n = 21) received 3 packages of the colostrum replacer product within 3 h of birth. Blood samples from all calves were collected 24 h after colostrum administration and analyzed for serum total protein and IgG concentrations. Calves fed fresh colostrum had significantly higher serum total protein levels and IgG concentrations compared with calves fed the colostrum replacer product. Calves fed the colostrum replacer also had a significantly higher percentage of calves with failure of passive transfer ( serum IgG < 1,000 mg/dL). The colostrum replacer product evaluated in this study failed to routinely provide adequate IgG concentrations when fed according to label directions.
Lifestyle changes to prevent cardio- and cerebrovascular disease at midlife: A systematic review; Cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases are leading causes of death and morbidity in ageing populations. While numerous cohort studies show inverse associations of presumably healthy lifestyles and cardiovascular risk factors, the causal link to many modifiable behaviors is still insufficiently evidence-based. Because of bias of studies and heterogeneity of results, we performed a systematic review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials and observational studies on lifestyle patterns including nutrition, physical activity, smoking, and weight versus incidence and mortality of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. A search string retrieved 624 references in PubMed covering the last five years. Two researchers screened titles and abstracts independently but with equivalent results. Nineteen references met the inclusion criteria. Results affirm that high adherence to plant-based diets, including components such as fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, low-fat dairy, olive oil, nuts, and low intake of sodium, sweetened beverages, alcohol, and red and processed meats, results in lower risk of vascular outcomes in a dose-dependent manner. Physical activity quantified as walking pace or cardiorespi-ratory fitness yielded an inverse effect on stroke. Health measures such as smoking status, BMI and increase in body weight are associated with substantial risk of the incidence of and mortality from cardio-and cerebro-vascular diseases, while strong adherence to an overall prudent lifestyle lowered the risk of cardiovascular disease by 66 % and that stroke by 60 %. In summary, increasing numbers of and adherence to health behaviors may markedly lower the burden of cardio-and cerebrovascular diseases. However, future research should focus on randomized controlled trials to test for causal relationships.
Walnut consumption and health outcomes with public health relevance-a systematic review of cohort studies and randomized controlled trials published from 2017 to present; Context Considering the accumulation of recent studies investigating the health effects of walnut consumption, both including and beyond cardiovascular health effects, a systematic review of this literature to investigate the strength of the evidence is warranted. Objective To investigate associations between walnut consumption and outcomes with public health relevance (specifically all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes, CVD, metabolic syndrome, obesity, cancer, neurological and mental health, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, and maternal disorders) and the effect on associated disease risk markers, reported in studies published from 2017 to present. Data Sources MEDLINE, FSTA, CENTRAL, and Scopus were searched from 1 January 2017 to 5 May 2021. Data Extraction Human studies (cohort studies and RCTs) >= 3 weeks in duration comparing consumption of walnuts (whole, pieces, or 100% butter) to a control and measuring associations with relevant public health outcomes and disease risk markers were assessed. Key study characteristics were extracted independently by 2 investigators using a standardized table. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk-of-Bias tool 2.0 and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data Analysis Only 1 RCT was considered to be at low risk of bias for any of its outcomes. The cohort studies were considered to be of moderate or high quality. The results were synthesized using vote counting, based on the direction of effect. Thirty-three articles, 23 describing RCTs (walnut dose similar to 10-99 g/day, 1,948 subjects) and 10 describing cohort studies (similar to 675,928 subjects), were included. Vote counting could be performed for the blood lipids, cardiovascular function, inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors, markers of glucose metabolism, and body weight and composition outcome groupings. The results are presented in effect direction plots. With respect to blood lipids, results from 8/8 RCTs favoured walnuts, in accordance with associations with a reduced risk of CVD suggested by cohort studies; results from 6/6 RCTs favoured control with respect to body weight and composition, although most of these effects were small. This was contrary to cohort study results suggesting small benefits of walnut consumption on body weight. There was no overall consistent direction of effect for cardiovascular function, markers of glucose metabolism, or inflammation- and hemostatic-related factors. Conclusions Evidence published since 2017 is consistent with previous research suggesting that walnut consumption improves lipid profiles and is associated with reduced CVD risk. Evidence is accumulating in other areas, such as cognitive health, although more research is needed to draw firm conclusions. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD4202122.
Wooden hutch space allowance influences male Holstein calf health, performance, daily lying time, and respiratory immunity; Dairy calves in the western United States are commonly raised individually in wooden hutches with a space allowance of 1.23 m(2)/calf. Recent legislative initiatives in California and across the United States were passed regarding concern over space allowance for farm animals. The objective of this study was to determine if rearing male Holstein calves in wooden hutches modified to increase space allowance would influence measures of performance, lying time per day, health, and respiratory immunocompetence. At 4 d of age, 60 calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 housing treatments: (1) conventional housing (CONV; 1.23 m(2)/calf), (2) 1.5 x CONV (MOD; 1.85 m(2)/calf), or (3) 3 x CONV (MAX; 3.71 m(2)/calf). Intakes of milk and solid feed were recorded daily and body weight was measured at 0, 3, 6, 10, and 12 wk of age. For the first 3 wk of the trial, calves were scored daily for fecal consistency, hydration, and hide cleanliness. In addition, calves were scored for respiratory health (i.e., nasal and eye discharge, ear position) until 7 wk of age. The total lying duration per day was recorded using data loggers at 3, 6, and 10 wk of age. Eight clinically healthy calves from each treatment were sensitized with subcutaneous ovalbumin (OVA) and then challenged with aerosolized OVA to assess calf respiratory immunity at 11 wk of age. Bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) was collected 4 d after the OVA challenge and analyzed for leukocyte differentials and OVA-specific IgG, IgG(1), IgA, and IgE. Calf average daily gain and body weight were positively associated with space allowance at approximately 3 wk before weaning and throughout postweaning, respectively. A greater space allowance decreased lying time after 46 d. Space allowance did not influence fecal consistency, but there was a tendency for MAX calves to take 1 d longer to recover from loose feces than MOD calves. The MAX calves had the fewest (%) observations with feces on their body compared with CONV or MOD. At 3 wk of age, peripheral eosinophil concentrations decreased with increased space allowance. However, observations (%) of eye discharge increased with greater space allowance. Among calves challenged with OVA, MOD calves had the least BALF OVA-IgE, and the percent of BALF eosinophils decreased with increased space allowance. Increased space allowance for calves raised in wooden hutches may improve some measures of calf performance, health, and respiratory immunocompetence.
A comparison of prospective and retrospective assessments of diet in a study of colorectal cancer; Dietary factors are widely studied as risk factors for colorectal cancer, with much information from case-control studies. We evaluated the validity of dietary data from a retrospective case-control study of diet and colorectal cancer As part of the alpha-Tocopherol, beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study. diet was assessed at baseline and after diagnosis for colorectal cancer cases and at baseline and regularly during the trial for a random control group. The dietary assessment referred to the previous 12 months (in cases before diagnosis). In the two dietary assessments, the cases reported a greater increase in consumption of fruits and dairy products and a decrease in consumption of potatoes. Accordingly, relative risks for colorectal cancer by baseline dietary data differed markedly from odds ratios from case-control data; e.g., relative risk for a 652-mg increase in calcium intake was 0.79 (95% confidence interval = 0.48-1.30) in case-cohort analysis vs. an odds ratio of 1.57 (95% confidence interval = 1.06-2.33) for case-control analysis. The most likely explanation is the influence of current diet on recall of prediagnosis diet and effects of occult cancer on diet in the year before cancer diagnosis, which have implications fbr interpretation of case-control studies in evaluating associations between diet and colorectal cancer.
Pain Ratings by Patients and Their Providers of Radionucleotide Injection for Breast Cancer Lymphatic Mapping; Background. Disparity between patient report and physician perception of pain from radiotracer injection for sentinel node biopsy is thought to center on the severity of the intervention, ethnic composition of population queried, and socioeconomic factors. Objective. The objectives of this study were, first, to explore agreement between physicians' and their breast cancer patients' pain assessment during subareolar radionucleotide injection; and second, to evaluate potential ethnic differences in ratings. Methods. A trial was conducted, from January 2006 to April 2009, where 140 breast cancer patients were randomly assigned to standard topical lidocaine-4% cream and 99mTc-sulfur colloid injection, or to one of three other groups: placebo cream and 99mTc-sulfur colloid injection containing NaHCO3, 1% lidocaine, or NaHCO3 + 1% lidocaine. Providers and patients completed numeric pain scales (010) immediately after injection. Results. Patients and providers rated pain similarly over the entire cohort (median, 3 vs 2, P = 0.15). Patients rated pain statistically significantly higher than physicians in the standard (6 vs 5, P = 0.045) and placebo + NaHCO3 (5 vs 4, P = 0.032) groups. No significant difference in scores existed between all African Americans and their physicians (3 vs 4, P = 0.27). Conclusion. Patientphysician pain assessment congruence over the less painful injections and their statistically similar scores with the more painful methods suggests the importance of utilizing the least painful method possible. Providers tended to underestimate patients with the highest pain ratingsthose in the greatest analgesic need. Lack of statistical difference between African American and physician scores may reflect the equal-access-to-care over the entire patient cohort, supporting the conclusion that socioeconomic factors may lie at the heart of previously reported discrepancies.
The balance bone health: Tipping the scales on favor of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods; Public health nutrition strategies to develop and maintain bone health throughout the lifecycle as well as to prevent osteoporosis in later life are urgently needed. In the United States, similar to 10 million Americans have osteoporosis, with costs estimated at $17.9 billion per year and costs in Europe well in excess of (sic)13.9 billion. This review article outlines the current evidence available in the literature linking potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods to osteoporosis prevention. The health-related benefits of a high intake of potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods (e.g., fruits and vegetables) on disease prevention (e.g., cancer, heart disease) have been gaining increasing attention in the literature, and there is growing belief, from a variety of observational, experimental, clinical, and intervention studies, that a positive link exists between potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich foods and indices of bone health. However, observational studies are not hypothesis proving and can only suggest the potential mechanisms of action. We now urgently need data from randomized controlled trials to determine for certain whether a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet or supplement is important to the skeleton. A 1-mo dietary intervention study involving 23- to 76-y-old men and women has shown that a diet high in bicarbonate (high fruits and vegetables) and potassium (high in milk and dairy products) (Dietary Approaches to Stopping Hypertension) significantly reduces bone turnover. Longer-term dietary studies are critical. In addition, the mechanisms underlying a positive effect of a potassium-rich, bicarbonate-rich diet on bone need to be fully determined. These currently include, but are not limited to, 1) the potential role of the skeleton in acid-base homeostasis; 2) other nutrient or dietary components found in abundance in fruits and vegetables such as vitamin K, beta-carotene, and vitamin C; and 3) other as yet "unidentified" dietary components. The road ahead is a challenging one.
Randomised, open-label, phase II study of gemcitabine with and without IMM-101 for advanced pancreatic cancer; Background: Immune Modulation and Gemcitabine Evaluation-1, a randomised, open-label, phase II, first-line, proof of concept study (NCT01303172), explored safety and tolerability of IMM-101 (heat-killed Mycobacterium obuense; NCTC 13365) with gemcitabine (GEM) in advanced pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Vitamin Supplementation Increases Risk of Subclinical Mastitis in HIV-Infected Women; Subclinical mastitis is common in HIV-infected women and is a risk factor for mother-to-child transmission of HIV. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of vitamin supplementation [vitamin A + beta-carotene, multivitamins (B complex, C, and E), or multivitamins, including vitamin A + beta-carotene] on the risk of subclinical mastitis during the first 2 y postpartum among HIV-infected women. The study was a randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial including 674 HIV-infected, antiretroviral naive Tanzanian women who were recruited during pregnancy and followed-up after delivery. Breast milk samples were obtained approximately every 3 mo. Any subclinical mastitis was defined as a ratio of the sodium to potassium (Na:K) breast milk concentrations > 0.6 and further classified as either moderate (Na:K >= 0.6 and <= 1) or severe (Na:K > 1.0). Fifty-eight percent of women had at least 1 episode of any subclinical mastitis. Women assigned to multivitamins (B complex, C, and E) had a 33% greater risk of any subclinical mastitis (P = 0.005) and a 75% greater risk of severe subclinical mastitis (P = 0.0006) than women who received the placebo. Vitamin A + beta-carotene also increased the risk of severe subclinical mastitis by 45% (P = 0.03). Among women with CD4+ T-cell counts >= 350 cells/mu L, multivitamin intake resulted in a 49% increased risk of any subclinical mastitis (P = 0.006); by contrast, there were no treatment effects among women with CD4+ T-cell counts < 350 cells/mu L (P- interaction for treatment x CD4+ T-cell count = 0.10). Supplementation of HIV-infected women with vitamins increased the risk of subclinical mastitis. J. Nutr. 140: 1788-1792, 2010.
<i>Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus</i> Probio-M9-Driven Mouse Mammary Tumor-Inhibitory Effect Is Accompanied by Modulation of Host Gut Microbiota, Immunity, and Serum Metabolome; Gut microbiome may influence tumor growth and cancer treatment efficacy, so it is a potential target for tumor prevention/treatment. This pilot study investigated the preventive and therapeutic effects of a probiotic strain, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus Probio-M9 (Probio-M9), against murine mammary cancer. Thirty-six female mice were randomly divided into three groups (n = 12 per group): control (without tumor transplantation), model (tumor transplantation; no probiotic administration), and probiotic (30-day oral gavage of probiotic, started seven days before tumor transplantation). Changes in tumor size were recorded, and blood, tumor tissue, and stool samples were collected at the end of the trial for analyses. Comparing with the model group, the probiotic group had a significantly smaller tumor volume (p < 0.05), a higher fecal microbiota Shannon diversity index, with significant modifications in the gut microbiota structure (p < 0.05), characterized by more Alistipes sp._2, Porphyromonadaceae bacterium_7, and Bacteroidales bacterium 55_9 (p < 0.05). Additionally, Probio-M9 administration elevated the serum IFN-gamma, IL-9, IL-13, and IL-27 levels and several metabolites (e.g., pyridoxal, nicotinic acid, 3-hydroxybutyric acid, glutamine; p < 0.05), while reducing IL-5 (p < 0.05). These changes might be associated with the protective effect of Probio-M9 against mammary tumor growth. Thus, probiotic administration could harness host gut microbiome in anti-cancer responses.
Dietary embelin supplementation during mid-to-late gestation improves performance and maternal-fetal glucose metabolism of pigs; This study determined the sows and piglets performance, immune and oxidative status, the milk quality and maternal-fetal glucose metabolism of embelin fed to sows during mid-to-late gestation, and demonstrated that embelin may be a promising natural plant extractive of nutrition for sows especially during mid-to-late pregnancy and lactation.
The Effect of Short-term Proton Pump Inhibitor plus Anti-Ulcer Drug on the Healing of Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection-Derived Artificial Ulcer: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Background/Aims: Artificial ulcers remain a major complication after Endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD). The development of more effective treatment regimen for this ulcer is required than the use of proton pump inhibitor (PPI) alone. Methodology: Patients with ESD-derived artificial ulcers were randomly assigned to two groups: a group of patients who received rabeprazole 20 mg daily for 8 weeks (PPI group) and a group of patients who received a combination of rebamipide 300 mg daily for 8 weeks and rabeprazole 20mg dairy for the first 4 weeks (reb+PPI group). The area reduction ratio and healing status of ulcers were evaluated endoscopically on postoperative 7, 28 and 56 days. Results: The overall ulcer area reduction ratio was higher in the reb+PPI group than in the PPI group, especially at an early stage. The ratio of progression to the H1 stage in the reb+PPI group was significantly higher than that in the PPI group, especially at an early stage. Conclusions: Treatment with 8 weeks of rebamipide plus the first 4 weeks of PPI demonstrated a reduction ratio of artificial ulcers superior to that with 8 weeks of PPI mono-therapy. This combination treatment is, therefore, one of the candidate treatment strategies against ESD-derived artificial ulcers.
Dietary supplementation with garcinol during late gestation and lactation facilitates acid-base balance and improves the performance of sows and newborn piglets; The present study was conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary garcinol supplementation during late gestation (from the 90th day of pregnancy; day 90) and lactation on the acid-base balance of the umbilical cord blood and performance of sows and piglets. Sixty sows (Duroc x Yorkshire x Landrace; second- or third-parity; n = 20) were randomly divided into 3 gestation (day 90 of pregnancy) or lactation treatments, control diet (CON; basal diet), basal diet with 200 mg garcinol, and basal diet with 600 mg garcinol per kg of feed. The body weight (BW); backfat thickness and litter size of the sows; and birth weight, weaning weight, and mortality of piglets were recorded. Sows' blood and piglets' umbilical cord blood were collected for the measurements of hematological parameters and antioxidative and immune indexes, and acid-base balance parameters, respectively. The colostrum and milk and fecal samples of the sows were also collected for analysis of milk composition and apparent total tract nutrient digestibility. Garcinol had no effect on the BW and backfat thickness of the sows but significantly increased the birth weight and weaning weight of piglets (P < 0.05) and decreased the mortality (P < 0.05). Moreover, the white blood cell counts and neutrophil count, mean cell hemoglobin, superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and catalase (CAT) activity in the plasma of the sows were increased more significantly (P < 0.05) in the garcinol groups than that in the CON group, whereas the malondialdehyde (MDA) content was decreased (P < 0.05). The garcinol treatment significantly increased the pH, HCO3- and base excess values (P < 0.05), whereas it decreased the p(CO2) and lactate content (P < 0.05) in the umbilical blood. Dry matter (DM), ash, and ether extract in the colostrum were similar between groups (P > 0.05), whereas the garcinol significantly increased the crude protein (CP) in the milk. In addition, the content of immunoglobulin A (IgA) and immunoglobulin G (IgG) in the plasma of piglets and in colostrum and milk of sows were increased more significantly (P < 0.05) in the garcinol groups than that in the CON group. The apparent total tract nutrient digestibility was similar between treatments. Collectively, this study indicates that sows fed with garcinol in late gestation and lactation showed improved maternal health and antioxidative status, milk protein content, acid-base balance in the umbilical cord blood, and growth performance in piglets, showing promise in natural plant extract nutrition for sows.
The prevalence, antimicrobial sensitivity, and factors associated with camel mastitis in Isiolo County, Kenya; Background and Aim: The one-humped camels (Camelus dromedarius) adapt very well to arid and semi-arid (ASALs) environments and continue to thrive and produce milk even during severe droughts when cattle, sheep, and goats experience high mortalities. These attributes make the dromedaries very vital for the survival of pastoralists, especially in the ASALs of Africa.Mastitis is among the most important diseases of camels and can cause significant economic losses, thereby endangering the livelihoods of pastoralists. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence, risk factors, and antimicrobial sensitivity of mastitis-causing pathogens in lactating camels in Isiolo County, Kenya. Materials and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted in July and August 2021. A questionnaire was administered to the camel keepers to capture data on herd-level factors. Lactating camels were then examined for any visible signs of clinical mastitis and as well as to capture data on other animal-level factors such as age, weight, and body condition score. A composite milk sample was collected aseptically from randomly selected camels in a herd. The samples were initially tested for somatic cell counts (SCC) using Somatos mini (R) automatic cell counter. Culture and sensitivity testing was then carried out on any milk sample that had SCC > 200,000 cells/mL. The descriptive analysis was initially used to summarize the continuous and categorical farm and camel factors, while mixed regression models were used to explore the association between/across mastitis and the farm as well as camel-level factors. Results: A total of 210 lactating camels from 23 herds were selected and sampled in this study. The average age of camel keepers was 48.3 +/- 16.3 years and they were involved in rearing camels for a mean of about 14.3 +/- 8.6 years. The total number of camels in a herd ranged from 10 to 287, with the mean total herd milk production being 34.5 +/- 24.9 L/day. The mean daily milk production per camel was 2.8 +/- 1.7 L while the range for days in milk was between 21 and 787 days. The average age of camel first calving and the inter-calving interval was 56.3 +/- 9.9 and 27.7 +/- 9.9 months, respectively. The median parity of the dam was three and the body condition score was two. About 39.7% (83/210) of the sampled camels had clinical mastitis during the current lactation. The overall prevalence of mastitis (SCC > 200,000 cells/mL) in camels was 17.6%. The main pathogens isolated were Streptococcus and Staphylococcus bacteria. Streptococcus isolates were mainly sensitive to ampicillin and resistant to cefaclor. All 18 Staphylococcus isolates were sensitive to tetracycline, while 12/18 isolates were resistant to ampicillin. The factors that were significantly associated with mastitis were the age of the respondent (p = 0.038), the number of years involved in camel rearing (p = 0.024), presence of clinical mastitis since calving (p = 0.039), body condition score (p = 0.040), and age of the dam at the time of examination (p = 0.072). Conclusion: Results from this study revealed that mastitis is an important condition among camels in the pastoral communities of Isiolo County, Kenya. Thus, pastoralists should continue to be aware of and trained on mastitis occurrence and its control in the pastoral ecosystem to reduce potential economic losses.
Effect of Probiotics on Blood Lipid Concentrations <i>A Meta</i>-<i>Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials</i>; Previous clinical studies have reported mixed results regarding the effect of probiotics on lipid metabolism. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to quantify the direction and magnitude of the potential effect of probiotics on blood lipid concentrations.Eligible studies were randomized, placebo-controlled trials whose interventions were probiotic products containing live bacteria. The studies reported net changes in lipid profiles (total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides) and their associated standard deviations (or the data to calculate them). The probiotic products did not contain prebiotics or other active ingredients, and the full article was accessible in English.The pooled mean net change in lipid profiles and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Q statistics and I-2 were calculated to examine heterogeneity. Potential sources of heterogeneity were investigated via subgroup and sensitivity analyses, and publication biases were estimated.A total of 30 randomized controlled trials with 1624 participants (828 in intervention groups and 796 in placebo groups) were included in this analysis. Subjects treated with probiotics demonstrated reduced total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol compared to control subjects by 7.8mg/dL (95% CI: -10.4, -5.2) and 7.3mg/dL (95% CI: -10.1, -4.4), respectively. There was no significant effect of probiotics on HDL cholesterol or triglycerides. The effect of probiotics on total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol depended on a variety of factors. The significant effects were greater for higher baseline total cholesterol levels, longer treatment durations, and certain probiotic strains. In addition, these associations seem stronger in studies supported by probiotics companies.The studies included in this meta-analysis showed significant heterogeneity as indicated by the Q statistics and I-2. In addition, industry sponsorship may affect study findings.These results suggest that the use of probiotics may improve lipid metabolism by decreasing total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. However, both the efficacy of probiotics for cholesterol lowering and safety should be investigated further in well-designed clinical trials.
Randomized Trial of Four Treatment Approaches for Actinic Keratosis; BACKGROUND
<i>In vivo</i> photoprotective and anti-inflammatory effect of hyperforin is associated with high antioxidant activity <i>in vitro</i> and <i>ex vivo</i>; Hyperforin, a major constituent of St. John's Wort (Hypericum perforatum, HP), provides anti-inflammatory, anti-tumor, and anti-bacterial properties. Previous studies have shown anti-oxidative properties of St. John's Wort extracts; however, its free radical scavenging activity in skin cells or skin has not been assessed in detail so far. Therefore, the free radical scavenging activity of hyperforin was tested in the H(2)DCFDA-assay in vitro in HaCaT keratinocytes irradiated with solar simulated radiation. Hyperforin (EC50 0.7 mu M corresponding to 0.42 mu g/ml) was much more effective compared to Trolox (EC50 12 mu g/ml) and N-acetylcysteine (EC50 847 mu g/ml) without showing phototoxicity. The radical protection factor of a cream containing 1.5% w/w of a hyperforin-rich HP extract was determined to be 200 x 10(14) radicals/mg, indicating a high radical scavenging activity. The cream was further applied ex vivo on porcine ear skin and significantly reduced radical formation after infrared irradiation. Finally, the UV-protective effect of the HP cream was tested on 20 volunteers in a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study. HP cream significantly reduced UVB-induced erythema as opposed to the vehicle. Occlusive application of HP cream on non-irradiated test sites did not cause any skin irritation. Taken together, these results demonstrate that hyperforin is a powerful free radical scavenger. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A review of the treatment options for skin rash induced by EGFR-targeted therapies: Evidence from randomized clinical trials and a meta-analysis; Background. Agents targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) are amongst the most extensively used of the targeted agents in the therapy of some of the most common solid tumors. Although they avoid many of the classic side effects associated with cytotoxic chemotherapy, they are associated with unpleasant cutaneous toxicities which can affect treatment compliance and impinge on patient quality of life. To date, despite a plethora of consensus recommendations, expert opinions and reviews, there is a paucity of evidence-based guidance for the management of the skin rash that occurs in the treatment of patients receiving EGFR-targeted therapies.
The Association between Exit Site Infection and Subsequent Peritonitis among Peritoneal Dialysis Patients; Background and objectives Peritonitis is the most common infectious complication seen in peritoneal dialysis (PD). Traditionally, exit site infection (ESI) has been thought to predispose PD patients to peritonitis, although the risks have not been quantified. This study aimed to quantify the risk of PD peritonitis after ESI.
Human dietary exposure to hexachlorobenzene in Catalonia, Spain; The concentrations of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) were measured in samples of foodstuffs widely consumed by the population of Catalonia, Spain. Food samples were randomly acquired in 12 cities of Catalonia between March and June of 2006. HCB levels were determined by high-resolution gas chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry. The dietary intake of HCB was subsequently estimated for the population of Catalonia, and the results were compared with those of a survey performed in 2000. The highest HCB concentrations were found in oils and fats, fish and seafood, and dairy products, with mean levels of 0.481, 0.330, and 0.284 ng/g of fresh weight, respectively. HCB intake was estimated for four population groups: children, adolescents, adults, and seniors (aged >65 years). The highest and lowest HCB intake corresponded to children and seniors, respectively. Similar results were found in our 2000 survey. For a standard male adult of 70-kg body weight, in the 2000 study, total dietary intake of HCB was 166.2 ng/day (2.4 ng/kg of body weight per day), whereas in the current survey the intake was 71.6 ng/day (1.0 ng/kg of body weight per day). On a body-weight basis, it means a decrease of 57%, which was mainly due to the important reductions in the contribution of dairy products (mainly cheese), as well as those of meat and meat products and fish and seafood. All the intakes are considerably lower than the World Health Organization tolerable daily intake, which is 0.17 mu g/kg/day for noncancer effects and 0.16 mu g/kg/day for neoplastic effects in humans.
A COMPARISON OF THE EFFICACY OF TOPICAL TRETINOIN AND LOW-DOSE ORAL ISOTRETINOIN IN ROSACEA; Background and Design: Twenty-two patients with severe or recalcitrant rosacea were divided into three treatment groups in a randomized, double-blind trial that compared low-dose oral isotretinoin (10 mg/d), topically applied tretinoin (0.025% cream), and the combined use of both isotretinoin and tretinoin. For the first 16 weeks of the trial, subjects received one of these three trial regimens. For the final 16 weeks, isotretinoin was withheld while tretinoin cream or a placebo cream was continued.
Secondary and tertiary prevention of urological tumors; The amount and quality of available data on secondary and tertiary prevention of urological tumors are to a large extent unsatisfactory. In the areas of nutrition and supplementary diet the consumption of tomatoes and especially tomato products could have a beneficial effect on the course of the disease for patients with prostate cancer, whereas there is evidence that the consumption of foodstuffs containing calcium (milk and milk products) and linolenic acid as well as a fatrich diet accelerate tumor progression. Despite as yet unsatisfactory data, men with urothelial tumors or prostate cancer should abstain from smoking and undertake sports activities. For medicinal measures the administration of 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors and bone-promoting substances for patients with prostate cancer are under discussion. The effectiveness of the substances zoledronate and denosumab has been demonstrated in prospective randomized studies. The authors recommend that the scientifically neglected field of tertiary prevention of urological tumors should in future be included as a core factor of scientific investigations.
Imiquimod; The imidazoquinoline, imiquimod, is a low molecular weight, synthetic immune response modifier that is used for the treatment of external genital and perianal warts. It is formulated in a 5% vanishing cream as Aldara(R). This self-applied therapy has shown good efficacy and safety in the treatment of external genital and perianal warts caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. The antiviral mechanism of action of this compound is unlike any other approved antiviral therapy in that it induces the production of antiviral cytokines and cytokines that enhance cellular immunity believed to be necessary for the control or elimination of HPV infection. Imiquimod does not exert its antiviral effects directly on virus-infected cells. Treatment with imiquimod results in resolution of wart tissue and reduction of viral burden. Postmarketing trials using imiquimod demonstrated that patients who experience complete clearance of either new or recalcitrant warts tend to remain clear for longer periods as compared to other treatment modalities. Preclinical data demonstrate in vitro and in vivo that imiquimod directly induces antiviral and immunomodulating cytokines from monocytes, macrophages and dendritic cells. These immunomodulating cytokines have been shown to potentiate Th1 immunity. Self-application, good tolerability, a unique mechanism pf action and a relatively high sustained clearance rate combine to make imiquimod a cost-effective first-line therapy for external genital warts and an appropriate second-line therapy when other treatments are unsuccessful. In small-scale studies requiring replication, imiquimod has also been shown to be effective in the treatment of non-HVP-related skin infections and some dermal neoplasias. (C) 1999 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Interventions for the treatment of Paget's disease of the vulva; Background
Evaluation of the effect of herbal agents as management of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis; ObjectiveTo evaluate the effectiveness of herbal agents in the prevention and therapy of radiodermatitis in breast cancer patients.MethodsRandomized controlled trials were searched from databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) to assess the effectiveness of herbal agents compared to a standard medication or placebo in prevention or treatment of radiodermatitis in breast cancer.ResultsData from 16 studies involving 1994 patients were included. This meta-analysis included 10 clinical trials of 562 breast cancer patients treated with calendula, silymarin, or aloe vera for the prevention of radiodermatitis. Silymarin showed positive effects in ameliorating the damage of radiodermatitis, whereas the efficacy of calendula and aloe vera in the treatment of radiodermatitis lacks sufficient evidence.ConclusionsHerbal medicine may show therapeutic effects on radiodermatitis in breast cancer, but more comprehensive investigations and clinical trials are required in the future.
Mortality and morbidity 1 year after stopping a remote patient management intervention: extended follow-up results from the telemedical interventional management in patients with heart failure II (TIM-HF2) randomised trial; Background The Telemedical Interventional Management in Heart Failure II (TIM-HF2) trial showed that, compared with usual care, a structured remote patient management (RPM) intervention done over 12-months reduced the percentage of days lost due to unplanned cardiovascular hospitalisations and all-cause death. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether this clinical benefit seen for the RPM group during the initial 12 month follow-up of the TIM-HF2 trial would be sustained 1 year after stopping the RPM intervention.
A systematic review of the efficacy of herbal medicines in the treatment of acute diarrhea; Acute diarrhea is a global health challenge, especially in developing regions. It accounted for 444,000 child mortalities in 2021, and indiscriminate use of antibiotics in its management is reported to contribute significantly to increase in antibiotic resistance. The objective of this study was to identify herbal drugs which are efficacious in acute diarrhea treatment. This systematic review assessed the efficacy of herbal medicines in treating acute diarrhea through the analysis of randomized controlled trials. The review followed PRISMA and the Cochrane Handbook guidelines. Literature search was performed in PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane Central, and a clinical trial registry for studies involving human subjects with acute diarrhea and herbal medicine (HM) interventions. Primary outcome measures included stool consistency, stool frequency, duration of diarrhea, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, and pyrexia. The search found 2581 articles, of which 9 involving 916 participants (72% children, 27% adults) were analyzed. The studies span 1976-2022, and assessed: Boswellia serrata (Indian frankincense), Rheum ribes L. (rhubarb), Camellia sinensis (black tea), Potentilla tormentilla (Septfoil), apple pectin-chamomile extract, kaolin-pectin, Dirasif (multi-herbal preparation), Psidium guajava (guava folia), and Dowdo (wheat and milk herbal feed). The studies had varying participant age ranges, diarrhea causes, and risks of bias. Only C. sinensis was able to reduce stool consistency, while R. ribes and B. serrata reduced diarrhea duration significantly. Other HMs had positive effects on abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting, and pyrexia. Studies on C. sinensis B. serrata extract, R. ribes, and P. tormentilla extract demonstrated significant efficacy and, low to moderate risk of bias.
Postprandial Responses to Lipid and Carbohydrate Ingestion in Repeated Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue Biopsies in Healthy Adults; Adipose tissue is a primary site of meta-inflammation. Diet composition influences adipose tissue metabolism and a single meal can drive an inflammatory response in postprandial period. This study aimed to examine the effect lipid and carbohydrate ingestion compared with a non-caloric placebo on adipose tissue response. Thirty-three healthy adults (age 24.5 +/- 3.3 year (mean +/- standard deviation (SD)); body mass index (BMI) 24.1 +/- 3.2 kg/m(2), were randomised into one of three parallel beverage groups; placebo (water), carbohydrate (maltodextrin) or lipid (dairy-cream). Subcutaneous, abdominal adipose tissue biopsies and serum samples were collected prior to (0 h), as well as 2 h and 4 h after consumption of the beverage. Adipose tissue gene expression levels of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) increased in all three groups, without an increase in circulating TNF-. Serum leptin (0.6-fold, p = 0.03) and adipose tissue leptin gene expression levels (0.6-fold, p = 0.001) decreased in the hours following the placebo beverage, but not the nutrient beverages. Despite increased inflammatory cytokine gene expression in adipose tissue with all beverages, suggesting a confounding effect of the repeated biopsy method, differences in metabolic responses of adipose tissue and circulating adipokines to ingestion of lipid and carbohydrate beverages were observed.
Acute and 28-Day Repeated-Dose Oral Toxicity of the Herbal Formula Guixiong Yimu San in Mice and Sprague-Dawley Rats; Simple Summary Postpartum uterine diseases of dairy cows include retained placenta (RP) and puerperal metritis (PM). Cows suffering from a retained placenta are at an increased danger of developing puerperal metritis or endometritis, and subsequent decreased fertility. The dominant approach to a retained placenta in cows is the local or systemic administration of antibiotics; however, current reports point to the low efficacy of intrauterine and systemic antibiotics in accelerating the separation and removal of the retained placenta. Therefore, substitute approaches to cope with these two disorders in postpartum cows should be developed. Herbal medicines are considered good alternatives to allopathic medicine, and some ethno-veterinary medicines are often used to treat the RP in cows. GYS is primarily used to treat postpartum blood stasis syndrome caused by retained placenta. It was designed based on the therapeutic role of enhancing the blood flow and removing blood stasis, maintaining the qi movement, and releasingthe pain.It can create a very promising state for prior placental detachment and the spontaneous discharge of the RP, but its toxicity has not been completely assessed. In the present study, we demonstrated that GYS did not have any therapeutic side effects in rats, thus providing a practical approach for the clinical control of a retained placenta.Abstract To evaluate the acute and chronic 28-day repeated-dose oral toxicity of Guixiong Yimu San (GYS) in mice and rats, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) was used to determine the stachydrine hydrochloride in GYS as the quality control. In the acute toxicity trial, the mice were administered orally at a dose rate of 30.0 g GYS/kg body weight (BW) three times a day. The general behavior, side effects, and death rate were noticed for 14 days following treatment. In the subacute toxicity trial, the rats were administered orally at a dose rates of30.0, 15.0, and 7.5 g GYS/kg BW once a day for 28 days. The rats were monitored every day for clinical signs and deaths; changes in body weight and relative organ weights (ROW) were recorded every week, hematological, biochemical, and pathological parameters were also examined at the end of treatment. The results showed that the level of stachydrine hydrochloride in GYS was 2.272 mg/g. In the acute toxicity trial, the maximum-tolerated dose of GYS was more than 90.0 g/kg BW, and no adverse effects or mortalities were noticed during the 14 days in the mice. At the given dose, there were no death or toxicity signs all through the 28-day subacute toxicity trial.The oral administration of GYS at a dose rate of 30.0 g/kg/day BW had no substantial effects on BW, ROW, blood hematology, gross pathology, histopathology, and biochemistry (except glucose), so 30.0 g/kg BW/day was determined as the no-observed-adverse-effect dosage.
MOMETASONE FUROATE EFFECT ON ACUTE SKIN TOXICITY IN BREAST CANCER PATIENTS RECEIVING RADIOTHERAPY: A PHASE III DOUBLE-BLIND, RANDOMIZED TRIAL FROM THE NORTH CENTRAL CANCER TREATMENT GROUP N06C4; Purpose: A two-arm, double-blind, randomized trial was performed to evaluate the effect of 0.1% mometasone furoate (MMF) on acute skin-related toxicity in patients undergoing breast or chest wall radiotherapy.
Calcium Intake and the Risk of Ovarian Cancer: A Meta-Analysis; Several epidemiological studies have evaluated the association between calcium intake and the risk of ovarian cancer. However, the results of these studies remain controversial. Thus, we performed a meta-analysis to explore the association between calcium intake and the risk of ovarian cancer. Pubmed, Embase and Web of Science were searched for eligible publications up to April 2017. Pooled relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using the random-effects model. Small-study effect was estimated using Egger's test and the funnel plot. Among 15 epidemiological studies involving 493,415 participants and 7453 cases eligible for this meta-analysis, 13 studies were about dietary calcium intake, 4 studies about dairy calcium intake and 7 studies about dietary plus supplemental calcium intake. When comparing the highest with the lowest intake, the pooled RRs of ovarian cancer were 0.80 (95% CI 0.72-0.89) for dietary calcium, 0.80 (95% CI 0.66-0.98) for dairy calcium and 0.90 (95% CI 0.65-1.24) for dietary plus supplemental calcium, respectively. Dietary calcium was significantly associated with a reduced risk of ovarian cancer among cohort studies (RR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.74-0.99) and among case-control studies (RR = 0.75, 95% CI 0.64-0.89). In subgroup analysis by ovarian cancer subtypes, we found a statistically significant association between the dietary calcium (RR = 0.78, 95% CI 0.69-0.88) and the risk of epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). This meta-analysis indicated that increased calcium intake might be inversely associated with the risk of ovarian cancer; this still needs to be confirmed by larger prospective cohort studies.
Dietary Fatty Acids, Macronutrient Substitutions, Food Sources and Incidence of Coronary Heart Disease: Findings From the EPIC-CVD Case-Cohort Study Across Nine European Countries; Background There is controversy about associations between total dietary fatty acids, their classes (saturated fatty acids [SFAs], monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids), and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Specifically, the relevance of food sources of SFAs to CHD associations is uncertain. Methods and Results We conducted a case-cohort study involving 10 529 incident CHD cases and a random subcohort of 16 730 adults selected from a cohort of 385 747 participants in 9 countries of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition) study. We estimated multivariable adjusted country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs per 5% of energy intake from dietary fatty acids, with and without isocaloric macronutrient substitutions, using Prentice-weighted Cox regression models and pooled results using random-effects meta-analysis. We found no evidence for associations of the consumption of total or fatty acid classes with CHD, regardless of macronutrient substitutions. In analyses considering food sources, CHD incidence was lower per 1% higher energy intake of SFAs from yogurt (HR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.88-0.99]), cheese (HR, 0.98 [95% CI, 0.96-1.00]), and fish (HR, 0.87 [95% CI, 0.75-1.00]), but higher for SFAs from red meat (HR, 1.07 [95% CI, 1.02-1.12]) and butter (HR, 1.02 [95% CI, 1.00-1.04]). Conclusions This observational study found no strong associations of total fatty acids, SFAs, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids, with incident CHD. By contrast, we found associations of SFAs with CHD in opposite directions dependent on the food source. These findings should be further confirmed, but support public health recommendations to consider food sources alongside the macronutrients they contain, and suggest the importance of the overall food matrix.
Phototoxic reaction and porphyrin fluorescence in skin after topical application of methyl aminolaevulinate; Background Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL) is a new treatment modality for skin disorders. MAL is metabolized into endogenous porphyrins, which act as photosensitizers when illuminated.
PREVENTION OF NEONATAL DIARRHEA IN CALVES BY VACCINATION OF THEIR DAMS WITH AN ENTEROPATHOGENIC ESCHERICHIA-COLI VACCINE - A FIELD-STUDY; Repeated outbreaks of neonatal diarrhea in calves with a mortality rate of 50-61% were experienced during 3 successive years in a dairy herd. Strains of enteropathogenic E. coli and a few cases of Salmonella were isolated from intestinal contents. Cows in this herd were thereafter vaccinated with an enteropathogenic E. coli vaccine prepared from a strain that had been isolated from 1 of the sick calves. The calves were fed colostrum from their vaccinated dams. In a preliminary trial carried out in the 1977/1978 calving season, in which only 6 cows were vaccinated, none of their calves died of diarrhea, as against 78% mortality among the 9 control calves whose dams were not vaccinated. During the 1978/1979 calving season, 49 cows were vaccinated and of the 42 normal calves born alive, no cases of death caused by diarrhea were recorded; at the beginning and end of the season the mortality rate in calves from unvaccinated cows was 56% and 29%, respectively. Anti-K99 antibody titers were found in the sera and colostra of vaccinated cows and in the sera of their calves that were given the colostrum. No such antibodies were detectable in the sera and colostra of unvaccinated cows or in the sera of their calves.
Probiotics in clinical conditions; Probiotics are nonpathogenic microorganisms which, when ingested, exert a positive influence on the health or physiology of the host. Their mechanisms of action and effects are now studied using the same pharmacological approach as for drugs. This article summarizes and comments on evidence for the positive effects of probiotics in various clinical situations. Substantial evidence can be achieved when randomized controlled trials or meta-analyses show positive results. The clinical situations studied include prevention or treatment of antibiotic-associated disorders, gastroenteritis, and diarrhea, lactose intolerance, intestinal infections and colonization by pathogenic bacteria (including Helicobacter pylori and Clostridium difficile), traveler's diarrhea, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), colonic cancer, urogenital infections and tumors, allergy (especially atopic eczema), vaccination, and cholesterol lowering. Current probiotics have an excellent safety record-another topic discussed in this article. Key words: Probiotics, bifidobacterium, lactobacillus, intestinal infections, antibiotic-associated diarrhea, gastroenteritis, traveler's diarrhea, intestinal flora, inflammatory bowel disease, colonic cancer, allergy, atopic eczema, oral vaccination, safety of probiotics. Probiotics can be defined as nonpathogenic microorganisms which, when ingested, exert a positive influence on host health or physiology (1). They consist of either bacteria, especially lactic-acid bacteria (LAB), or yeast (Saccharomyces), and are increasingly used in foods-especially fermented milks-and pharmaceutical products. Physicians have long been skeptical about their "real" efficacy (2,3), and have raised three basic questions: are probiotic products stable, do they survive in the gastrointestinal tract, and what is the level of evidence for their efficacy? A pharmacological approach was used to assess the positive effects and potential side effects of the products as well as their pharmacokinetics (2,4). The level of evidence for efficacy can be assessed with the rules of evidence-based medicine. We now know that the stability of many products (but not all) is good (5), that many strains (but not all) survive in the gastrointestinal tract (4), and that many double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCT) reported that some probiotics were more efficient than a placebo or a control treatment in specific clinical situations. The effects can be direct or indirect through modulation of the endogenous flora or of the immune system (2). Some effects have clearly been demonstrated, and the level of evidence is still lower for other effects. The article summarizes the present knowledge on the clinical applications of probiotics in humans.
The effect of a feed additive supplemented with porcine plasma protein on growth performance and selected biochemical indices of nursing piglets; The aim of this study was to evaluate the health state, performance, and selected serum biochemical indices in nursing piglets after supplementation of a feed additive containing porcine plasma protein in comparison to the control group fed a standard pre-starter feed mixture. The study was carried out in the conditions of industrial farming. Four sows of the Large White swine breed with their litters were included in the study. Piglets were homogenously distributed into control (22) and experimental (24) groups according to weight and sex. Piglets in both groups suckled their mothers' milk. In addition, piglets in the experimental group were also fed a feed supplemented by porcine plasma protein (5%), starting on the third day post partum, whereas piglets in the control group were offered a standard pre-starter feed mixture. We recorded average daily weight gains calculated per the 27-day trial, and body weight at weaning. Clinical findings, mortality, and selected biochemical indices of protein (total immunoglobulins, total protein, albumin, creatinine, urea), and energy (glucose, total cholesterol, total lipids) metabolism were assessed as well. Results of the study showed a significant difference (P < 0.01) in average daily weight gains in the experimental group compared to the control group (0.245 kg and 0.177 kg, respectively). Addition of plasma protein in the experimental group also resulted in a significantly higher serum concentration of total immunoglobulins, total protein and creatinine, and a significantly lower concentration of urea and albumin in this group compared to the control group at weaning.
Risk of Invasive Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma After Different Treatments for Actinic Keratosis A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Treatment of actinic keratosis (AK) aims to prevent cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC). However, whether AK can progress into invasive cSCC is a matter of debate, and little is known about the effect of treatment on preventing cSCC.
Interventions for erosive lichen planus affecting mucosal sites; Background
Daily Injection of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α Increases Hepatic Triglycerides and Alters Transcript Abundance of Metabolic Genes in Lactating Dairy Cattle; To determine whether inflammation can induce bovine fatty liver, we administered recombinant bovine tumor necrosis factor-alpha (rbTNF) to late-lactation Holstein cows. Cows (n = 5/treatment) were blocked by feed intake and parity and randomly assigned within block to control (CON; saline), rbTNF at 2 mu g/(kg(.)d), or pair-fed control (saline, intake matched) treatments. Treatments were administered once daily by subcutaneous injection for 7 d. Plasma samples were collected daily for analysis of glucose and FFA and a liver biopsy was collected on d 7 for triglyceride (TG) and quantitative RT-PCR analyses. Data were analyzed using treatment contrasts to assess effects of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha) and decreased feed intake. By d 7, feed intake of both rbTNF and pair-fed cows was similar to 15% less than CON (P < 0.01). Administration of rbTNF resulted in greater hepatic TNF alpha mRNA and protein aburdance and 103% higher liver TG content (P < 0.05) without affecting the plasma FFA concentration. Hepatic carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1 transcript abundance tended to be lower (P = 0.09) and transcript abundance of fatty acid translocase and 1-acyl-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase was higher (both P < 0.05) after rbTNF treatment, consistent with increased FFA uptake and storage as TG. Transcript abundance of glucose-6-phosphatase (P < 0.05) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase I (P = 0.09), genes important for gluconeogenesis, was lower for rbTNF-treated cows. These findings indicate that TNF alpha promotes liver TG accumulation and suggest that inflammatory pathways may also be responsible for decreased glucose production in cows with fatty liver. J. Nutt. 139: 1451-1456, 2009.
Bucher's indirect comparison of daylight photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate cream versus diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel for the treatment of multiple actinic keratosis; Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a pre-cancerous condition characterised by patches of thick, scaly skin developing on sun-exposed areas of the body. When multiple AKs develop on severely photodamaged skin, commonly used treatments include photodynamic therapy and diclofenac plus hyaluronic acid gel (DHA). Methyl aminolevulinate daylight photodynamic therapy (MAL DL-PDT) is an alternative to conventional photodynamic therapy (MAL c-PDT). Trials have indicated that MAL DL-PDT is as effective as MAL c-PDT but reduces treatment-related pain and dermatological side effects. Objectives: To indirectly compare between MAL DL-PDT and DHA in patients with AK. Materials and methods: A total of three randomised trials were collected using a systematic literature review. An adjusted indirect comparison was conducted on complete lesion response rate at 12 weeks. Results: The data indicated that mild lesions, moderate lesions, and mild and moderate lesions treated with MAL DL-PDT were more than four times more likely to undergo a complete response than lesions treated with DHA at 12 weeks, with ORs ranging from 4.23 to 4.81. Results were all statistically significant. Conclusion: This is the first indirect comparison demonstrating the effectiveness of MAL-PDT over DHA for the treatment of AK, and further research is needed to assess the long-term efficacy of these interventions (i.e. six months and beyond), as well as safety and patient-reported outcomes.
Treatment of Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Antagonist-Induced Skin Rash: Results of a Survey among German Oncologists; Background: Skin toxicities are frequent in patients receiving epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) antagonists. Grading and management of these skin reactions are poorly standardized. Materials and Methods: We conducted a survey among German oncologists using a 7-item questionnaire distributed by e-mail via the working groups Internistische Onkologie (AIO) and Dermatologische Onkologie (ADO). The oncologists were provided with pictures and history of a patient with an acneiform rash and were asked to provide information on grading and treatment strategies. Results: 106 medical oncologists and 43 dermatooncologists responded to the survey. The scoring of the skin rash was indicated as follows (National Cancer Institute common toxicity criteria (NCI-CTC) grades 1/2/3;%): 10/59/31. 22% of the polled medical oncologists use preemptive treatment of skin rash. In the presented case, 91% chose local treatment with mainly hydrocortisone or antibiotic cream, and 64% chose systemic treatment with an antibiotic or isotretinoin. Only 9% of the medical oncologists would have referred the patient to a dermatologist. Dermatooncologists used more local antibiotics (p = 0.006) and rather less local steroids (p = 0.199). With regard to systemic treatment, dermatooncologists more often used isotretinoin (p = 0.002). In addition, dermatooncologists less often delayed cetuximab treatment because of skin toxicity (p = 0.009). Conclusions: The results of the present analysis illustrate that grading and treatment of EGFR antagonist-induced skin toxicities are very heterogeneous. Clearly, more randomized trials and a simple and reliable grading system are warranted.
Effect of dystocia on yield, fertility, and cow losses and an economic evaluation of dystocia scores for Holsteins; Lactation records of US Holstein cows were analyzed with mixed models to determine the effect of dystocia on 305-d milk, fat, and protein yields, days open, number of services, and cow losses and to estimate the economic loss associated with dystocia. The data were 122,715 records of 71,618 cows from 1980 to 1991. The single-trait animal model included herd-year-season, sex of calf, age of dam, and dystocia score as fixed effects and animal and permanent environment as random effects. The effect of dystocia was significant (P < 0.01) on all traits within and across parities. Over multiple parities, the differences between score 5 (extreme difficulty) versus score 1 (no problem) for milk yield, fat yield, protein yield, days open, number of services, and cow deaths were 703.6 kg, 24.1 kg, 20.8 kg, 33 d, 0.2 services, and 4.1%, respectively. The losses associated with traits were priced and summed to determine the total economic loss associated with dystocia. In addition, calf mortality was considered to be a cost. Across parities, estimates of costs were $0.00, $50.45, $96.48, $159.82, and $379.61 for scores 1 to 5, respectively. Cost of dystocia was relatively higher on a per incidence basis than would be expected from the mean of the population. The total cost associated with dystocia (i. e., within-parity sum of costs associated with dystocia scores weighted by the probability of occurrence) was $28.53 for an average heifer and about $10.00 for an average cow for other parities.
Efficacy of Brazilian Propolis Supplementation for Japanese Lactating Women for Atopic Sensitization and Nonspecific Symptoms in Their Offspring: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Propolis is a natural product collected from several plants by honeybees and mixed with beeswax and salivary enzymes. In animal models, propolis suppressed IgE-mediated allergies. However, there is no clinical evidence that propolis prevents human atopic sensitization, to the best of our knowledge. Therefore, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted to assess whether propolis supplementation for lactating women increases or decreases the level of total IgE and antigen-specific IgE in the serum of their offspring (i.e., atopic sensitization) at the time of their first birthday. In addition, whether propolis supplementation improves or worsens nonspecific symptoms (e.g., eczema) in the lactating women and their offspring was also investigated. This trial is registered with . Eligible pairs of mothers and their offspring (n=80) were randomized to two groups: propolis (n=40) and placebo (n=40). Participants were evaluated every month, and 31 (78%) of the propolis group and 23 (58%) of the placebo group underwent blood tests at the first birthday of the offspring. Total IgE >= 10 U-A/ml was seen in 26 (84%) infants whose mothers were given propolis, which was not significantly different from the 19 (86%) given placebo (P=0.80). Total IgE as a continuous variable was not significantly different between the propolis and placebo groups (P=0.70). Antigen-specific IgE levels for mites, egg white, cow's milk, and wheat, as both dichotomous and continuous variables, were not significantly different between the two groups. Both in mothers and their offspring, there were no significant differences in the subjective improvements of nonspecific symptoms between the two groups. Except for one mother who had transient and mild nausea, none of the other mothers or their offspring developed severe adverse events during the follow-up period. In conclusion, compared with placebo, Brazilian propolis supplementation did not influence the risk of atopic sensitization in infants and neither did it improve nor worsen nonspecific symptoms in either mothers or their infants.
Role of <i>Lactobacillus</i> in the prevention of <i>Clostridium difficile</i>-associated diarrhea: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD) is a major public health problem because of significant morbidity and mortality, and many clinicians pay attention to Lactobacillus as a potentially effective treatment. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to evaluate the efficacy of Lactobacillus in the prevention of CDAD.
The Medical Functions of Probiotics and Their Role in Clinical Nutrition; Background: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) have been attracting attention of food micro-biologists for more than a hundred years. An attention of researchers and society is paid to their ability to influent human health, to preserve foods and to extend their shelf life. Currently, LAB group includes a large number of different bacterial genera: Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, Streptococcus, Pediococcus, Leuconostoc, Enterococcus, Oenococcus, Aerococcus, Carnobacterium, Vagococcus, Weisella and Tetragenococcus.
The scale of the evidence base on the health effects of conventional yogurt consumption: findings of a scoping review; Background: The health effects of conventional yogurt have been investigated for over a century; however, few systematic reviews have been conducted to assess the extent of the health benefits of yogurt.
Impact of colonic fermentation on sterols after the intake of a plant sterol-enriched beverage: A randomized, double-blind crossover trial; Background: Cholesterol microbial transformation has been widely studied using in vitro fermentation assays, but less information is available on the biotransformation of plant sterols (PS). The excretion percentage of animal sterols (AS) (67-73%) is considerably greater than that of PS (27 -33%) in feces from healthy humans following a Western diet. However, a lower content of AS in feces from subjects following a vegetarian, vegan or low-fat animal diet has been seen when compared to omnivorous subjects. Although only one human study has reported fecal sterol excretion after the consumption of PS-enriched food (8.6 g PS/day), it was found that the target group showed an increase in the excretion of cholesterol and a 57% decrease in its metabolites compared to the control group.
Topical methyl-aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy using red light-emitting diode light for treatment of multiple actinic keratoses: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: The use of light-emitting diode light offers practical advantages in photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical methyl-aminolevulinate (MAL) for management of actinic keratoses (AK).
Evidence for a causal role by mouse mammary tumour-like virus in human breast cancer; We have reviewed the evidence relevant to mouse mammary tumour viruses (MMTV) and human breast cancer. The prevalence of MMTV- like gene sequences is 15-fold higher in human breast cancer than in normal human breast tissue controls and is present in up to 40% of human breast cancers. MMTV-like gene sequences can be identified in benign breast tissues 1-11 years before the development of positive MMTV-like breast cancer in the same women. The prevalence of MMTV antibodies in sera from women with breast cancer is 5-fold higher than in normal women. MMTV can infect human breast epithelial cells and integrate at random into the human genome located in those cells. MMTV-like gene sequences are present in human milk from normal lactating women and with increased prevalence in milk from women at risk of breast cancer. MMTV-like virus associated human breast cancer has strikingly similar features to MMTV-associated mouse mammary tumours. These features include almost identical nucleotide sequences and structure of the MMTV genome, histology, superantigen expression, MMTV infection of B and T lymphocytes and hormone dependence. MMTV-like gene sequences have also been identified in dogs, cats, monkeys, mice and rats. Saliva has been identified as the most plausible means of transmission from human to human and possibly from dogs to humans. The evidence meets the classic causal criteria. A causal role for MMTV-like viruses in human breast cancer is highly likely.
Effect of Heparinoid Moisturizer on Quality of Life in Patients with Acute Radiation Skin Damage Following Hypofractionated Radiation Therapy After Breast-Conserving Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Study; Background: With few research reports on the effects of moisturizer use for dry skin associated with radiotherapy after breast-conserving surgery on patient quality of life (QOL), we conducted a randomized controlled trial to investigate this effect. Methods: Patients with breast cancer were randomly assigned to receive either heparinoid moisturizer (Group M) or no treatment (Group C). Group M was instructed to apply heparinoid moisturizer during 3 weeks of hypofractionated whole-breast irradiation with or without boost until 4 weeks after completion of irradiation. Skin-related QOL was assessed using the Dermatology Life Quality Index (DLQI) for 7 weeks. The primary endpoint was total DLQI score at 4 weeks after the start date. Results: In total, 35 patients in Group M and 37 patients in Group C were analyzed. The DLQI total score (2.06 +/- 2.17: mean +/- SD) at 4 weeks in Group M was slightly lower than in Group C (2.16 +/- 2.13) but with no significant difference (p = 0.894). The "Symptoms and feelings" subscore indicated significant worsening at 3 weeks and maintained until 7 weeks in Group C. There was no significant change for this subscore during radiotherapy in Group M, and it significantly increased after radiotherapy (4-5 weeks) and returned to baseline in 7 weeks. The period of subscore worsening was shorter in Group M than in Group C. Conclusion: Concomitant and extended use of heparinoid moisturizer with radiation therapy may improve the QOL of breast cancer patients impaired by dry skin for patients with breast cancer.
Changes in cardiovascular risk factors and health behaviours from 1992 to 1997 in the Republic of Karelia, Russia; Background: In Russia rapid changes have taken place both in total and chronic disease mortality during recent years. Little reliable information is available on the trends in conventional risk factors in Russia. Methods: Chronic disease risk factors and health behaviours were studied in the Republic of Karelia, Russia in 1992 and 1997, in population surveys connected with the National FINRISK Study in Finland. Independent random population samples (n=1000) of people aged between 25 and 64 years were drawn in both survey years. Surveys included a self-administered questionnaire, physical measurements and laboratory analyses. Results: The levels of systolic blood pressure, total serum cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol decreased among both genders from 1992 to 1997, but the difference between the survey years was statistically significant only among women. Both self-reported alcohol consumption and serum gamma-glutamyl transferase levels increased significantly in both men and women. There was a significant shift in the type of fat used on bread and in cooking, from butter use to use of margarine and vegetable oil, among both genders. Conclusions: As a whole the risk factor levels in the Republic of Karelia are high. However, some slight improvement in risk profile was seen. Positive changes in dietary habits, such as change in the quality of fat and associated reduction in serum cholesterol levels may have contributed to the decline in cardiovascular disease mortality seen in Russia since 1995. However, since smoking and elevated blood pressure levels as well as alcohol consumption are still highly prevalent, there is a great need for effective interventions.
Calcium supplements interact significantly with long-term diet while suppressing rectal epithelial proliferation of adenoma patients; BACKGROUND. Calcium supplements to the western-style diet may reduce the risk for colorectal neoplasia. Using rectal epithelial proliferation (REP) measurements as a biomarker of response to intervention, the authors evaluated the effects of 1-year calcium supplementation in adenoma patients and its possible interactions with the patients' dietary and lifestyle habits.
Breast cancer during pregnancy: A mini-review; Background: As modern women delay childbearing, pregnancy-associated breast cancer (PABC) becomes a more frequent problem faced by oncologists, gynecologists, and obstetricians alike. However, no evidence exists concerning the management of this condition.
Calcium, Vitamin D, and Colorectal Cancer; Colorectal cancer has a high incidence and mortality worldwide, with Westernized lifestyles and diet being significant contributing factors. Vitamin D and calcium have been known to reduce the incidence of colorectal cancer by affecting cell differentiation, proliferation, and apoptosis. Despite observational studies which have suggested that a higher serum vitamin D level can lower the risk of colorectal cancer and improve survival rates, no large-scale randomized controlled trials to establish these benefits have been conducted to date. Calcium intake has also been found to have a beneficial role in reducing the incidence and improving survival rates of colorectal cancer in several observational studies. Moreover, intervention studies have proved its effect in preventing colorectal adenomas. However, there are few intervention studies that have identified the relationship of vitamin D and calcium with colon cancer. To elucidate the impact of vitamin D and calcium supplementation on colorectal cancer, well-designed and large-scale randomized controlled trials are necessary in the future.
The 2015 Dutch food-based dietary guidelines; The objective of this study was to derive food-based dietary guidelines for the Dutch population. The dietary guidelines are based on 29 systematic reviews of English language meta-analyses in PubMed summarizing randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies on nutrients, foods and food patterns and the risk of 10 major chronic diseases: coronary heart disease, stroke, heart failure, diabetes, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dementia and depression. The committee also selected three causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases or diabetes: systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and body weight. Findings were categorized as strong or weak evidence, inconsistent effects, too little evidence or effect unlikely for experimental and observational data separately. Next, the committee selected only findings with a strong level of evidence for deriving the guidelines. Convincing evidence was based on strong evidence from the experimental data either or not in combination with strong evidence from prospective cohort studies. Plausible evidence was based on strong evidence from prospective cohort studies only. A general guideline to eat a more plant food-based dietary pattern and limit consumption of animal-based food and 15 specific guidelines have been formulated. There are 10 new guidelines on legumes, nuts, meat, dairy produce, cereal products, fats and oils, tea, coffee and sugar-containing beverages. Three guidelines on vegetables, fruits, fish and alcoholic beverages have been sharpened, and the 2006 guideline on salt stayed the same. A separate guideline has been formulated on nutrient supplements. Completely food-based dietary guidelines can be derived in a systematic and transparent way.
The effect of a low-fat, high fiber, fruit and vegetable intervention on rectal mucosal proliferation; BACKGROUND. Because studies of diet and colorectal carcinoma tend to be large and complex, researchers have long been interested in the investigation of dietary exposures in relation to putative intermediate markers of large bowel malignancy, such as colorectal epithelial cell proliferation. The basic hypothesis underlying these investigations is that specific dietary components may reduce or increase the rate of cell proliferation, which, in turn, may reduce or increase neoplastic changes in the large bowel.
Genetic evaluation of Holstein sires and maternal grandsires in the United States for perinatal survival; Stillbirth, defined as a calf that dies just prior to, during, or within 48 h of parturition, represents a reoccurring concern among breeders of dairy cattle in the United States. About 11% of parturitions of primiparous Holstein cows result in the death of a calf; 5.7% in multiparous cows. Genetic evaluations can be reported as perinatal survival to 48 h to emphasize the positive information about the trait. The purpose of this research was to: 1) estimate genetic parameters by restricted maximum likelihood for perinatal survival rates; 2) characterize the genetic evaluation of sires for the perinatal survival of their progeny and maternal grandsires for the perinatal survival of their daughters progeny; and 3) estimate genetic trends from 1984 to 1994. Data (n = 666,339) were from the National Association of Animal Breeders calving ease database. Over 600 new young sires were available each year. The binomial response variable, 1 = alive, 0 = stillborn within 48 h of parturition was analyzed by using a sire-maternal grandsire linear mixed model. The model included fixed effects for sex of calf, dystocia, and season of birth, and gestation length as a covariate; correlated random effects of sire and maternal grandsire; and uncorrelated random effects of herd-years. Parturitions of primiparous and multiparous cows were analyzed separately. In primiparous cows, heritability estimates were 1.1 and 2.2% for sire of the calf and maternal grandsire, respectively. The genetic correlation between sire and maternal grandsire predicted transmitting ability (PTA) for perinatal survival, was 0.31; simple product moment correlations among sire-MGS PTA were 0.43 and 0.46 for primiparous and multiparous cows, respectively. The PTA for sire of the calf ranged from -2.9 (lower survival) to 2.8% (higher survival). Mean PTA from 1984 to 1994 was quite variable from year to year. Evidence showed a slightly negative, but nonsignificant, genetic trend in perinatal survival (-0.04% per year for sires and -0.02% per year for maternal grandsires). Estimates of genetic parameters and genetic trends for data from multiparous cows are also reported. Correlations among PTA for perinatal survival, milk yield, and calving ease are given.
Anticarcinogenic Actions of Tributyrin, A Butyric Acid Prodrug; Bioactive food compounds (BFCs) exhibit potential anticarcinogenic effects that deserve to be explored. Butyric acid (BA) is considered a promising BFC and has been used in clinical trials; however, its short half-life considerably restricts its therapeutic application. Tributyrin (TB), a BA prodrug present in milk fat and honey, has more favorable pharmacokinetic properties than BA, and its oral administration is also better tolerated. In vitro and in vivo studies have shown that TB acts on multiple anticancer cellular and molecular targets without affecting non-cancerous cells. Among the TB mechanisms of action, the induction of apoptosis and cell differentiation and the modulation of epigenetic mechanisms are notable. Due to its anticarcinogenic potential, strategies as lipid emulsions, nanoparticles, or structured lipids containing TB are currently being developed to improve its organoleptic characteristics and bioavailability. In addition, TB has minimal toxicity, making it an excellent candidate for combination therapy with other agents for the control of cancer. Despite the lack of data available in the literature, TB is a promising molecule for anticancer strategies. Therefore, additional preclinical and clinical studies should be performed using TB to elucidate its molecular targets and anticarcinogenic potential.
Addition of Strawberry, Raspberry and "Pitanga" Pulps Improves the Physical Properties of Symbiotic Yoghurts; The health benefits offered by probiotic fermented milks can be increased by adding native fruit pulps. Red fruits contain ellagic acid (EA) and ellagitannins, interesting substances due to their powerful antioxidant properties and other beneficial biological activities, such as cardio protective effects, selective growth inhibition of human pathogenic bacteria, a-amylase inhibition of angiotensin I converting enzyme, and proliferative activities against several different cancer cells. This study aimed to improve the physical properties of symbiotic yoghurts through their supplementation with a mixture of red berry pulps: strawberry, raspberry and "pitanga". The simplex-centroid design was used for mixture modelling. The design included seven batches/trials: three supplemented with each type of fruit pulp, three corresponding to the binary mixtures and one supplemented with the combination of the three pulps. A control experiment was prepared without addition of fruit pulp. Processed milk bases were fermented at 42 degrees C until pH 4.7 by using a starter culture blend that consisted of Streptococcus thermophilus (TA040), Lactobacillus bulgaricus (LB340) and Lactobacillus acidophilus (LA140). Subsequently, milk base (80 %) was blended with a pulp preparation (20 %) and other ingredients according to the experimental design. Physicochemical analyses, enumeration of viable bacteria, colour and rheological characteristics of the yoghurts were evaluated 36 h after preparation and 21 days after cold storage. Three regression models were adjusted to the results (linear, quadratic and cubic special). The results showed that the addition of a mixture of red fruit pulps affected pH and counts of probiotic bacteria, which slightly decrease during storage. Addition of the three red berry pulps simultaneously enhanced the colour and rheological properties of probiotic yoghurts when compared to the control. It was possible to estimate the optimum mixture compositions of the three fruit pulps that increase EA contents in probiotic yoghurts.
Transcriptome analysis to identify candidate genes related to mammary gland development of Bactrian camel (<i>Camelus bactrianus</i>); IntroductionThe demand for camel milk, which has unique therapeutic properties, is increasing. The mammary gland is the organ in mammals responsible for the production and quality of milk. However, few studies have investigated the genes or pathways related to mammary gland growth and development in Bactrian camels. This study aimed to compare the morphological changes in mammary gland tissue and transcriptome expression profiles between young and adult female Bactrian camels and to explore the potential candidate genes and signaling pathways related to mammary gland development. MethodsThree 2 years-old female camels and three 5 years-old adult female camels were maintained in the same environment. The parenchyma of the mammary gland tissue was sampled from the camels using percutaneous needle biopsy. Morphological changes were observed using hematoxylin-eosin staining. High-throughput RNA sequencing was performed using the Illumina HiSeq platform to analyze changes in the transcriptome between young and adult camels. Functional enrichment, pathway enrichment, and protein-protein interaction networks were also analyzed. Gene expression was verified using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). ResultsHistomorphological analysis showed that the mammary ducts and mammary epithelial cells in adult female camels were greatly developed and differentiated from those in young camels. Transcriptome analysis showed that 2,851 differentially expressed genes were obtained in the adult camel group compared to the young camel group, of which 1,420 were upregulated, 1,431 were downregulated, and 2,419 encoded proteins. Functional enrichment analysis revealed that the upregulated genes were significantly enriched for 24 pathways, including the Hedgehog signaling pathway which is closely related to mammary gland development. The downregulated genes were significantly enriched for seven pathways, among these the Wnt signaling pathway was significantly related to mammary gland development. The protein-protein interaction network sorted the nodes according to the degree of gene interaction and identified nine candidate genes: PRKAB2, PRKAG3, PLCB4, BTRC, GLI1, WIF1, DKK2, FZD3, and WNT4. The expression of fifteen genes randomly detected by qRT-PCR showed results consistent with those of the transcriptome analysis. DiscussionPreliminary findings indicate that the Hedgehog, Wnt, oxytocin, insulin, and steroid biosynthesis signaling pathways have important effects on mammary gland development in dairy camels. Given the importance of these pathways and the interconnections of the involved genes, the genes in these pathways should be considered potential candidate genes. This study provides a theoretical basis for elucidating the molecular mechanisms associated with mammary gland development and milk production in Bactrian camels.
Antidiabetic Treatment in Patients at High Risk for a Subsequent Keratinocyte Carcinoma; Background: Metformin and sulfonylureas are the most commonly prescribed drugs used for the treatment of type II diabetes. Type II diabetes has been linked to the development of keratinocyte carcinoma (KC), consisting of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Previously we have demonstrated lower risk for a subsequent KC in metformin users. In this study, we aim to investigate the association between sulfonylureas use and the development of KC in patients with KC history. We performed a retrospective cohort study of the Veterans Affairs Keratinocyte Carcinoma Chemoprevention Trial, which was a randomized double-blind vehicle-control cream originally investigating the effect of 5-fluorouracil on KC development. 932 patients with a history of KC were enrolled (98% male, 99% white, median age of 70 years) and followed for a median duration of 2.8 years. 153 patients were on metformin and 94 on sulfonylureas. We performed a survival analysis with cox regression and controlled for body mass index and known predictors: number of prior BCCs and age (for BCC) and for number of prior SCCs (invasive and in situ), number of actinic keratoses at baseline (for SCC). Sulfonylurea-users com-pared to non-users had a HR of 0.67 (CI: 0.40-1.56; P=0.49) and 0.94 (CI: 0.63-1.40; P=0.77), for SCC and BCC, respectively. Diabetic patients at high risk for KC might benefit from the use of metformin versus sulfonylureas.
Healthy lifestyle and breast cancer risk: A case-control study in Morocco; Background: Some modifiable risk factors have been independently associated with breast cancer (BC) risk in Moroccan women, but no studies have investigated their joint association. This study aimed to investigate the association between a Healthy Lifestyle Index (HLI) score and BC risk among Moroccan women.
Efficacy and Safety of the Betamethasone Valerate 0.1% Plaster in Mild-to-Moderate Chronic Plaque Psoriasis A Randomized, Parallel-Group, Active-Controlled, Phase III Study; Background: Corticosteroids are a versatile option for the treatment of mild-to-moderate psoriasis due to their availability in a wide range of potencies and formulations. Occlusion of the corticosteroid is a widely accepted procedure to enhance the penetration of the medication, thereby improving its effectiveness. Betamethasone valerate (BMV) is a moderately potent corticosteroid that is available as a cream, ointment, and lotion. A ready-to-use occlusive dressing, which provides a continuous sustained release of BM V, has been developed for the treatment of psoriasis.
Intervention of Acidophilus-casei dahi and Wheat bran against molecular alteration in colon carcinogenesis; An in vivo trial was conducted on seventy five rats allocated to three groups, first group was DMH control group, second group was Wheat bran-DMH group (WB-DMH) in which wheat bran was given along with DMH (1,2-dimethylhydrazine) injection, third group was Wheat bran-DMH-Ac Dahi group in which both wheat bran and Acidophilus-casei dahi (a probiotic microorganisms fermented dairy product) was given along with DMH injections. Animals received subcutaneous injections of DMH at a dose rate of 20 mg/kg body weight, once weekly for 15 weeks. The rats were dissected at 40th week of experiment and comet assay was done in colonic cells to assess the DNA damage. The c-myc and cox-2 expression was studied in rat tumour. A significant reduction in DNA damage (48.2%) was observed in WB-DMH-Ac Dahi group as compared to DMH control group (87.8%). The c-myc and cox-2 mRNA level was found highest in DMH control group as compared to WB-DMH and WB-DMH-Ac Dahi group. The results of present study show the enhanced protective potential of Acidophilus-casei and wheat bran against DMH induced molecular alteration in colonic cells during carcinogenesis.
Prospective comparison among three intrarectal anesthetic treatments combined with periprostatic nerve block during transrectal ultrasonography-guided prostate biopsy; Recent trends in prostate biopsy analgesia suggest a combination anesthetic to provide better pain relief than periprostatic nerve block (PPNB) alone. This study aimed to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of three intrarectal local anesthesia (IRLA) combined with PPNB in patients undergoing transrectal ultrasonography (TRUS)-guided prostate biopsy.
Multi-Center, Double-Blind,Vehicle-Controlled Clinical Trial of an Alpha and Beta Defensin-Containing Anti-Aging Skin Care Regimen With Clinical, Histopathologic, Immunohistochemical, Photographic, and Ultrasound Evaluation; Background/Objectives: Anti-aging strategies utilizing stem cells are in the forefront. Alpha and beta defensins are natural immune peptides that have been shown to activate an LGR6-positive stem cell locus in the hair follicle, identified as the source of most new epidermal cells during acute wound healing. We investigated the ability of biomimetic alpha and beta defensin molecules, supplemented with supportive cosmetic ingredients, formulated into three skin care products, at improving the structure and function of aging skin.
Analysis of Pasteurella vaccination trials; Bovine respiratory disease remains one of the most costly disease complexes to beef production worldwide. Pasteurella haemolytica biotype A serotype 1 is well recognized as a major bacterial component associated with these losses. An effective vaccine designed to control this infection would result in substantial economic savings to the cattle industry.
The impact of inter-generational social and regional circumstances on dietary intake patterns of British adults: results from the 1946 British Birth Cohort; Objectives: (1) To determine the extent to which an individual's childhood social circumstances and region of residence influence their dietary pattern at age 43 years and (2) to establish the extent to which an individual adopts the dietary pattern of their social and regional circumstances at age 43 years.
How I manage a patient with MRSA bacteraemia; Background: Staphylococcus aureus bloodstream infections are common and associated with a high mortality of 15-25%. Methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) bloodstream infection accounts for 10-40% of cases, and has an even higher mortality. Despite being the 'bread and butter' of clinical infectious diseases practice, robust evidence to guide optimal management is often lacking and there is wide variation in practice.
Management of erythema and skin preservation; advice for patients receiving radical radiotherapy to the breast: a systematic literature review; Objective: To systematically review and critically appraise all evidence on skin care advice and products tailored for patients receiving radical radiotherapy for breast cancer and to determine an evidence-based conclusion regarding the most effective products.
Effects of different production systems on health, zootechnical and metabolic parameters in Holstein calves in the extreme south of Brazil; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of diseases as well as metabolic and zootechnical parameters in Holstein calves maintained in individual or collective housing systems in the extreme south of Brazil. One hundred calves were included immediately after birth and monitored for 90 days. Animals were randomly divided into two groups: individual stalls group (ISG; n=50) and collective stalls group (CSG; n=50). ISG calves were individually housed in 1.2m 2 wood pens and received 6 L of milk/ day and concentrate food and water ad libitum for 90 days. Calves in the CSG were housed in groups of up to 25 animals, in a total of two stalls containing one animal per 3 m 2 . CSG calves received up to 8 L of milk/day at 0-15 days, milk ad libitum at 15-40 days, 7.2 L of milk. /day at 40-60 days, and gradual weaning at 60-90 days with concentrate food and water ad libitum, using an automatic feeder. In both groups, Zootechnical parameters (weight, thoracic perimeter, height at the withers, and rump width) were measured weekly during the first 28 days and once every 15 days until weaning. Blood samples were retrieved weekly during the first 28 days. Metabolic parameters evaluated in this study were total calcium, beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA), free fatty acids (FFA), and glucose. The animals were monitored daily for clinical signs of diseases diarrhea and respiratory symptoms. General morbidity was higher in CSG 92% compared to ISG 74% (p<0.05). We observed increased diarrhea -related morbidity and a higher rate of recurrence in the ISG (50% and 60%, respectively; p<0.05) compared to those in the CSG (both 20%, p<0.05 between groups). The morbidity due to bronchopneumonia was higher in the CSG (92%) than in the ISG (74%, p<0.05). Recurrence of bronchopneumonia and mortality were similar between groups (p>0.05). Glucose, FFA, and BHBA concentrations were higher in the ISG (p<0.05) and total calcium higher in CSG (p<0.05). Finally, the weight and thoracic perimeter were higher in the CSG than those in the ISG, whereas the height and, rump width, at the withers was higher in the ISG than that in the CSG (p<0.05). In conclusion, animals raised in a collective system with automatic feeders exhibited less diarrhea and increased serum calcium as well as improved zootechnical development, although they had a higher incidence of bronchopneumonia.
Epidemiological link between eating habits and cancer: the example of colorectal cancer; One million people worldwide are affected by colorectal cancer (CRC) every year, resulting in 500,000 deaths. Incidence rate varies widely according to areas. It has been much more common in high-income countries. This trend begins to be reversed, with a stabilization of incidence rates in high-income countries and a dramatic increase in developing regions. CRC increase seems to overlap with the increasing level of urbanization in the latter. In the eighties, Doll and Peto already reported that 80% of cancer mortality was avoidable, particularly for CRC for which environmental influence is dominating. Observational studies have reported that migrants tended to reach similar CRC incidence levels that those of natives in the host country. An estimated 60% drop of all CRC cases could be obtained provided eating habits are modified, since these seem to be the main cause of incidence variations. Over the last ten years, many epidemiological studies and meta-analyses have been conducted. However, this abundant literature gave contradictory results. Therefore, in 1997, two groups of experts: the World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF) and the American Institute of Cancer Research (AICR), considered drafting a report on the correlation between diet and cancer a necessity. This systematic literature review, updated in 2007, established that red meat, processed meat and alcohol increase the risk of CRC. Conversely fibers, milk and calcium probably protect against CRC. Considering the most important prospective studies, randomised trials and the 2nd WCRF's report, our article aims at reviewing the evidences about diet and CRC.
Improving passive transfer of immunoglobulins in calves. I: Dose effect of feeding a commercial colostrum replacer; The objective of this study was to describe the effects of feeding 1 or 2 doses of a commercially available colostrum-derived colostrum replacer (CR) on passive transfer of immunoglobulins (Ig) in newborn dairy calves, including IgG, IgG1, IgG2, IgA, and IgM. Newborn calves were removed from the dam before suckling and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 treatment groups: group 1 were fed 1 package (100 g of IgG) of CR product, group 2 was fed 2 packages (200 g of IgG) of the same CR product, and group 3 was fed 3.8 L of maternal colostrum. All colostrum treatments were fed using an esophageal tube feeder within 2 h of birth. Blood samples collected before colostrum feeding and at 24 h of age were tested for serum total protein and Ig concentrations. Mean 24-h serum total protein (TP) and IgG concentrations were significantly lower for calves in group 1 (n = 24; TP = 4.9 g/dL, IgG = 9.6 mg/mL) compared with calves in groups 2 or 3. There was no difference in 24-h serum TP or IgG concentrations between calves in group 2 (n = 23; TP = 5.5 g/dL, IgG = 19.0 mg/mL) and calves in group 3 (n = 22; TP = 5.7 g/dL, IgG = 20.7 mg/mL). Fifty-four, 100, and 91% of calves in groups 1, 2 and 3 achieved acceptable passive transfer (24-h serum IgG = 10 mg/mL), respectively. Statistically significant but numerically small differences existed between calves in groups 2 and 3 for some 24-h serum Ig classes and subclasses (mean serum concentrations of IgG2, IgA, IgM) and for the relative percentages of Ig classes and subclasses (IgA, IgM, and IgG as a percentage of total Ig; IgG1 and IgG2 as a percentage of total IgG).
DECLINE IN ISCHEMIC-HEART-DISEASE IN ICELAND AND CHANGE IN RISK FACTOR LEVELS; Objective - To monitor trends in mortality and morbidity due to ischaemic heart disease and compare these with observed levels of risk factors from population surveys.
Intensity of Local Skin Reactions During 5-Fluorouracil Treatment Related to the Number of Actinic Keratosis Lesions: A Post Hoc, Exploratory Analysis; Plain Language Summary In order to prevent recurrence of actinic keratosis lesions and their progression to invasive squamous cell carcinoma, topical treatment of actinic keratosis often involves treating the field of cancerisation to clear visible and subclinical lesions. The occurrence of local adverse skin reactions during treatment can affect patient adherence to therapy and therefore compromise efficacy. A thorough understanding of the relationships between changes in lesions, actinic keratosis remission and tolerability of topical treatments over time is necessary to manage patient expectations, ensure treatment adherence and optimise clinical outcomes. This exploratory study used pooled data from two pivotal phase III studies to compare local skin reaction severity between 5-fluorouracil 4% cream applied once daily and 5-fluorouracil 5% cream applied twice daily, then to examine the relationship between the severity of local skin reactions during treatment and the number of actinic keratosis lesions at baseline. Local skin reactions appeared to be more severe in patients with more than 10 actinic keratosis lesions at baseline than in those with 5 to 10 lesions. Using a cut-off value of 10 lesions pre-treatment, healthcare practitioners can forewarn patients accordingly of potentially more severe local adverse skin reactions in order to motivate them to complete their treatment, thus ensuring treatment efficacy. If patients are likely to experience intolerable severe skin reactions, practitioners can plan to introduce an appropriate rescue treatment.
Fortification of staple foods with vitamin A for vitamin A deficiency; Background
The effect of microbiome-modulating probiotics, prebiotics and synbiotics on glucose homeostasis in type 2 diabetes: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of clinical trials; Aim/hypothesis: The globally escalating diabetes epidemic is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Microbiome-modulating nutraceuticals have been investigated for their potential to restore metabolic and floral homeostasis in type 2 diabetic patients
EUGENOL SUPPRESSES THE DEVELOPMENT OF ESTROGEN RECEPTOR-POSITIVE PRECANCEROUS BREAST LESIONS AND REGULATES ESTROGEN RECEPTOR-RELATED PROTEINS; Introdution: The breast precancerous lesions is a necessary stage of breast cancer, and most of drugs for the treatment o breast precancerous lesions have a lot of adverse reactions, so finding a new drug effects on precancerous lesions of breast cancer has important significance. Eugenol has therapeutic effect on tumor, However, the mechanism of the treatment is not clear, the purpose of this study is to evaluate eugenol anti-tumor effect on ER positive precancerous lesions of breast cancer.
Role of Curcumin in Alleviating Symptomatic Oral Lichen Planus: A Systematic Review; Introduction: Oral Lichen Planus (OLP) is a chronic inflammatory, immune mediated disease that affects the oral mucosa and skin. Though conventional therapies have aimed to alleviate the signs and symptoms of OLP, they have side effects. To combat this, trend is towards natural products such as curcumin which has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer properties.
Probiotic spectra of lactic acid bacteria (LAB); Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) and their probio-active cellular substances exert many beneficial effects in the gastrointestinal tract. LAB prevent adherence, establishment, and replication of several enteric mucosal pathogens through several antimicrobial mechanisms. LAB also release various enzymes into the intestinal lumen and exert potential synergistic effects on digestion and alleviate symptoms of intestinal malabsoption. Consumption of LAB fermented dairy products with LAB may elicit antitumor effects. These effects are attributed to the inhibition of mutagenic activity; decrease in several enzymes implicated in the generation of carcinogens, mutagens, or tumor-promoting agents; suppression of tumors; and the epidemiology correlating dietary regimes and cancer. Specific cellular components in LAB strains seem to induce strong adjuvant effects including modulation of cell-mediated immune responses, activation of reticuloendothelial system, augmentation of cytokine pathways and regulation of interleukins, and tumor necrosis factors. Oral administration of LAB is well tolerated and proven to he safe in 143 human clinical trials and no adverse effects were reported in any of the total 7,526 subjects studied during 1961-1998. In an effort to decrease the reliance on synthetic antimicrobials and control the emerging immunocompromised host population, the time has come to carefully explore the prophylactic and therapeutic applications of probiotic LAB.
Effects of the Administration of a Non-specific Immune Stimulant Around Transportation on Health and Performance of Jersey and Jersey-Cross Heifer Calves During the Rearing Period: Randomized Clinical Trial; Our objective was to evaluate the effects of a non-specific immune stimulant (IS) administered around transportation on health scores (HS), average daily gain (ADG), disease treatment and mortality of Jersey and Jersey-cross calves during the rearing period. Newborn calves (4 d +/- 1) were randomly allocated to receive either 1 mL of saline (CON; n = 438), 1 mL of IS before transport (BTIS; n = 431), or 1 mL of IS immediately after transport (ATIS; n = 436). Calves were health scored weekly for 3 weeks after transport. The data were analyzed using multivariable linear mixed models and multivariable logistic regression models. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was performed for time to event analysis. Treatment, birth weight, breed, site of birth, serum total solids, dam parity, season of enrollment, and metaphylaxis were offered to models. Differences in respiratory and fecal HS, and ADG between treatment groups were not statistically significant. A total of 196 (15.0%) calves were treated at least once for any disease and 52 calves were treated multiple times. The proportion of calves treated for respiratory disease and/or diarrhea were 14.4, 14.4, and 16.2% for BTIS, ATIS and CON groups, respectively. Although the differences in the likelihood of treatment for both respiratory disease and/or diarrhea during the first 9 weeks of life was not statistically different between groups, we observed that more calves in the control group received disease treatments around 15 days of age compared with calves that received IS. The likelihood of treatment for respiratory diseases alone during the first 30 days of life was smaller in the calves that received IS before transportation when compared to the control group. Only 18 (1.4%) calves died within the study period. The calf mortality likelihood was not statistically different between study groups; however, fewer calves in the IS groups died when compared to CON. In conclusion, the use of IS around transportation did not influence weekly HS, ADG, and the number of disease treatments during the rearing period, but administering IS before transportation resulted in fewer treatments of respiratory diseases during the first 30 days post-transport and marginally lower mortality rates during the rearing period.
Is vitamin D-fortified yogurt a value-added strategy for improving human health? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials; Yogurt is a good source of probiotics, calcium, and proteins, but its content of vitamin D is low. Therefore, yogurt could be a good choice for vitamin D fortification to improve the positive health outcomes associated with its consumption. The primary aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to investigate the effect of vitamin D-fortified yogurt compared with plain yogurt on levels of serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (25OHD). The secondary aim was to evaluate the effect of fortified yogurt on parathyroid hormone, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, glucose metabolism, and lipid profile. We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar for eligible studies; that is, randomized controlled trials (RCT) that compared vitamin D-fortified yogurt with control treatment without any additional supplement. Random-effects models were used to estimate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Findings from 9 RCT (n = 665 participants) that lasted from 8 to 16 wk are summarized in this review. The meta-analyzed mean differences for random effects showed that vitamin D-fortified yogurt (from 400 to 2,000 IU) increased serum 250HD by 31.00 nmol/L. In addition, vitamin D-fortified yogurt decreased parathyroid hormone by 15.47 ng/L, body weight by 0.92 kg, waist circumference by 2.01 cm, HOMA-IR by 2.18 mass units, fasting serum glucose by 22.54 mg/dL, total cholesterol by 13.38 mg/dL, and triglycerides by 30.12 mg/dL compared with the controlled treatments. No publication bias was identified. Considerable between-study heterogeneity was observed for most outcomes. Vitamin D-fortified yogurt may be beneficial in improving serum 25OHD, lipid profile, glucose metabolism, and anthropometric parameters and decreasing parathyroid hormone level in pregnant women and adult and elderly subjects with or without diabetes, prediabetes, or metabolic syndrome.
Relationship of food groups and water intake to colon cancer risk; The association between food groupings and adenocarcinoma of the colon was investigated in a population-based case-control study of men and women ages 30-62 years. Colon cancer cases (238 men and 186 women) diagnosed from 1985 to 1989 were identified from the Seattle-Puget Sound Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Registry. Controls (224 men and 190 women) were selected using a random digit telephone dialing method. Dietary information was gathered using an 80-item food frequency questionnaire. Foods were grouped and analyzed by quartile of intake, with adjustment for age and total energy intake. Among women, a reduced risk of colon cancer was associated with a high intake of fruits and vegetables [adjusted odds ratio (OR) for highest versus lowest quartile, 0.48; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.26-0.86; P for trend, P = 0.02]. Inverse associations were also observed for the consumption of total (hot and cold) cereals (OR, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.25-0.91; P = 0.05), dairy products (OR, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.21-0.79; P = 0.05), and water (OR for >5 glasses/day versus less than or equal to 2 glass/day, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.31-0.99; P = 0.004). Among men, colon cancer risk was inversely associated with the intake of breads and cereals (OR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.22-0.82; P = 0.02) and hot cereal (OR for weekly versus never eating, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.32-0.87; P = 0.01). Water consumption was marginally associated with a decreased colon cancer risk among men as well (OR for >4 glasses/day versus less than or equal to 1 glass/day, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.38-1.22; P = 0.16). Total meat consumption was associated with an increased risk of distal colon cancer among men (OR, 2.20; 95% CI, 1.08-4.48; P = 0.01). These results were not confounded by body mass index or other measured health behaviors. Results of this research support previous findings which associate intake of fruits, vegetables, grains, and dairy products with reduced colon cancer risk, and meat intake with an increased colon cancer risk. This study also reports a new finding of a possible inverse association of water consumption (glasses of plain water per day) with colon cancer risk.
Imiquimod for actinic keratosis: Systematic review and meta-analysis; Benefit and harm associated with treating actinic keratosis (AK) with the immune response modifier imiquimod was assessed using published randomized-controlled trials. Five randomized double-blind trials lasted 12 - 16 weeks and treated 1,293 patients. Complete clearance occurred in 50% of patients treated with imiquimod, compared to 5% treated with vehicle, and the number needed to treat (NNT) for one patient to have their keratosis completely cleared after 12 - 16 weeks was 2.2 (95% confidence interval 2.0 - 2.5). For partial (>= 75%) clearance the NNT was 1.8 (1.7 - 2.0). The proportion of patients with any adverse event, any local adverse event, or any treatment-related adverse event was substantially higher with imiquimod than with vehicle, and numbers needed to harm for one additional adverse event with imiquimod over 12 - 16 weeks ranged from 3.2 to 5.9. Particular local adverse events with imiquimod included erythema (27%), scabbing or crusting (21%), flaking (9%), erosion (6%), edema (4%), and weeping (3%). Imiquimod 5% cream was effective in the treatment of AK, preventing potential development of squamous cell carcinoma. Future investigation might be aimed at elucidating optimal dosing to minimize adverse events without detriment to efficacy, and evaluating long-term recurrence.
DIETARY-CHANGES AMONG HUSBANDS OF PARTICIPANTS IN A LOW-FAT DIETARY INTERVENTION; A dietary intervention delivered to one family member with a beneficial impact on other members could provide a cost-effective approach to public health dietary intervention programs.  The Women's Health Trial (WHT) was a study in which women were randomized to be trained in adopting a low-fat diet or to continue their normal diet.  The intervention women consumed 21% of total calories from fat versus 38% for control women at six months postrandomization.  Husbands of women in the Seattle Clinical Center of the WHT were surveyed between 1985 and 1988 to determine whether and to what extent the husbands' diets changed at six months.  Ninety-one intervention men and 162 control men, 79% of those eligible, participated.  Intervention men reported an average weight loss of 2.4 pounds, compared to an average 0.7-lb loss among controls (P = .03).  Based on self-reported change of specific foods, we found that intervention men more often reduced butter, margarine, eggs, and red meat over the six months than did control men (P < .001).  Based on nutrient consumption estimated by a food frequency questionnaire, intervention husbands consumed 34% of total calories from fat versus 36% for controls (P = 0.04).  The number of meals shared with wives per week modified the effect of the intervention:  among the intervention group, for every three meals shared, an accompanying one percentage point reduction in percentage of calories from fat occurred in the husband's diet.  Thus, we suggest that dietary intervention programs attended by one spouse appear to exert a small beneficial effect on the other spouse.
Treating Breast Cancer Radiotherapy-Induced Moist Desquamation with a Traditional Chinese Medicine Formula: A Case Series Pilot Study; Objective: A case series is presented to investigate the efficacy and safety of Erhegao for patients with breast cancer who have radiotherapy-induced moist desquamation.
Trabecular Bone Score (TBS) Predicts Vertebral Fractures in Japanese Women Over 10 Years Independently of Bone Density and Prevalent Vertebral Deformity: The Japanese Population-Based Osteoporosis (JPOS) Cohort Study; Bone strength is predominantly determined by bone density, but bone microarchitecture also plays an important role. We examined whether trabecular bone score (TBS) predicts the risk of vertebral fractures in a Japanese female cohort. Of 1950 randomly selected women aged 15 to 79 years, we analyzed data from 665 women aged 50 years and older, who completed the baseline study and at least one follow-up survey over 10 years, and who had no conditions affecting bone metabolism. Each survey included spinal imaging by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) for vertebral fracture assessment and spine areal bone mineral density (aBMD) measurement. TBS was obtained from spine DXA scans archived in the baseline study. Incident vertebral fracture was determined when vertebral height was reduced by 20% or more and satisfied McCloskey-Kanis criteria or Genant's grade 2 fracture at follow-up. Among eligible women (mean age 64.1 +/- 8.1 years), 92 suffered incident vertebral fractures (16.7/10(3) person-years). These women were older with lower aBMD and TBS values relative to those without fractures. The unadjusted odds ratio of vertebral fractures for one standard deviation decrease in TBS was 1.98 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.56, 2.51) and remained significant (1.64, 95% CI 1.25, 2.15) after adjusting for aBMD. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of TBS and aBMD combined was 0.700 for vertebral fracture prediction and was not significantly greater than that of aBMD alone (0.673). However, reclassification improvement measures indicated that TBS and aBMD combined significantly improved risk prediction accuracy compared with aBMD alone. Further inclusion of age and prevalent vertebral deformity in the model improved vertebral fracture prediction, and TBS remained significant in the model. Thus, lower TBS was associated with higher risk of vertebral fracture over 10 years independently of aBMD and clinical risk factors including prevalent vertebral deformity. TBS could effectively improve fracture risk assessment in clinical settings. (c) 2014 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Legalon® SIL: The Antidote of Choice in Patients with Acute Hepatotoxicity from Amatoxin Poisoning; More than 90% of all fatal mushroom poisonings worldwide are due to amatoxin containing species that grow abundantly in Europe, South Asia, and the Indian subcontinent. Many cases have also been reported in North America. Initial symptoms of abdominal cramps, vomiting, and a severe cholera-like diarrhea generally do not manifest until at least six to eight hours following ingestion and can be followed by renal and hepatic failure. Outcomes range from complete recovery to fulminant organ failure and death which can sometimes be averted by liver transplant. There are no controlled clinical studies available due to ethical reasons, but uncontrolled trials and case reports describe successful treatment with intravenous silibinin (Legalon (R) SIL). In nearly 1,500 documented cases, the overall mortality in patients treated with Legalon (R) SIL is less than 10% in comparison to more than 20% when using penicillin or a combination of silibinin and penicillin. Silibinin, a proven antioxidative and anti-inflammatory acting flavonolignan isolated from milk thistle extracts, has been shown to interact with specific hepatic transport proteins blocking cellular amatoxin re-uptake and thus interrupting enterohepatic circulation of the toxin. The addition of intravenous silibinin to aggressive intravenous fluid management serves to arrest and allow reversal of the manifestation of fulminant hepatic failure, even in severely poisoned patients. These findings together with the available clinical experience justify the use of silibinin as Legalon (R) SIL in Amanita poisoning cases.
GTL001, A Therapeutic Vaccine for Women Infected with Human Papillomavirus 16 or 18 and Normal Cervical Cytology: Results of a Phase I Clinical Trial; Purpose: Women infected with human papillomavirus (HPV) with normal cytology to mild abnormalities currently have no treatment options other than watchful waiting or surgery if highgrade cervical lesions or cancer develop. A therapeutic vaccine would offer the possibility of preventing high-grade lesions in HPV-infected women. GTL001 is a therapeutic vaccine composed of recombinant HPV16 and HPV18 E7 proteins fused to catalytically inactive Bordetella pertussis CyaA. This study examined the tolerability and immunogenicity of GTL001 in women infected with HPV16 or HPV18 with normal cytology.
Effects of A Breast-Health Herbal Formula Supplement on Estrogen Metabolism in Pre- and Post-Menopausal Women not Taking Hormonal Contraceptives or Supplements: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction: Both indole-3-carbinol and dietary lignans have beneficial effects on estrogen metabolism and breast cancer risk. There is no published literature on the effects of a combination product. This study was designed to investigate the impact of a combination -product on estrogen metabolism. The major trial objective was to determine whether a breast health supplement containing indole-3-carbinol and hydroxymatairesinol lignan would alter estrogen metabolism to favour C-2 hydroxylation and reduce C-16 hydroxylation. Higher concentrations of C-2 metabolites and lower concentrations of C-16 metabolites may reduce breast cancer risk and risk for other hormonally-related cancers.
Prophylactic NS-21 maintains the skin moisture but does not reduce the severity of radiation dermatitis in patients with head and neck cancer: a randomized control trial; Background: To evaluate the practicality of NS-21 cream with regard to its skin-related toxicity in patients with head and neck cancer (HNC) who are undergoing concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CCRT) or radiotherapy (RT).
The impact of educational and environmental interventions in Dutch worksite cafeterias; Environmental interventions such as labeling and an increased availability of health v foods may help consumers to meet guidelines for a healthy diet. This article describes a study into the effectiveness of two environmental programs to be used in worksite cafeterias along with an educational program. The aim of the interventions was to reduce fat intake, and to increase fruit and vegetable intake. In the labeling program, low-fat products were labeled. The food supply program comprised an increased availability of low-fat products and fruits and vegetables in worksite cafeterias. The educational program consisted of information about healthy nutrition through brochures, table tents, a self-help manual and posters. The design consisted of a pre-test-post-test experimental control group design, with four conditions: the educational program; the food supply program plus educational program; the labeling program plus educational program; and a control group. Seventeen worksites were randomly assigned to one of the four research conditions. Total fat, fruit and vegetable intake was measured with a quantitative, self-administered food frequency questionnaire (35 questions). Intake during lunch was measured by asking respondents to write down which food items they had purchased during their last lunch in the cafeteria. Furthermore, sales data for some targeted product categories were collected (milk, butter, cheese, meat products, desserts). For the whole study population, no significant effects on consumption data were found for any of the programs. The data showed a beneficial and significant treatment effect of the labeling program on total fat intake for respondents who believed they ate a high-fat diet. Sales data revealed a significant effect of the labeling program on desserts, but not for the other products.
Major Differences in Diet across Three Linguistic Regions of Switzerland: Results from the First National Nutrition Survey <i>menuCH</i>; Switzerland is a multilingual country located between Germany, France and Italy, which differ by dietary habits and related outcomes. We explored differences in food consumption as well as compliance to the Swiss food-based dietary guidelines (FBDG) across the German-, French-, and Italian-speaking regions. The 2014-2015 nationwide cross-sectional survey was conducted among a stratified random sample of 2057 adults aged 18 to 75 years. Trained dietitians assessed food consumption via two non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls using the international validated software GloboDiet (R). Recorded foods and beverages were classified into six groups and 31 subgroups relevant for assessing compliance to the FBDG (Swiss Food Pyramid). Usual daily intake distributions were modelled and weighted for sampling design, non-response, weekdays and season. Participation rate was 38%. Significant differences across regions were observed in 18 of 31 food subgroups (p <= 0.01). Weighted mean daily intakes in the German-, French-and Italian-speaking regions were, respectively, 245 g, 155 g, 140 g for soft drinks, 273 g, 214 g, 135 g for coffee, 127 g, 72 g, 109 g for milk, 32 g, 45 g, 43 g for red meat, 18 g, 29 g, 34 g for fish/seafood, 8.1 g, 6.4 g, 3.7 g for butter, and 206 g, 214 g, 168 g for vegetables. The seven FBDGs were followed by <1% of the population. Four in 10 participants met >= 3 FBDG. Eighteen percent of participants ate >= 5 portions of fruit and vegetables a day, without regional differences. Food consumption substantially differed across the three linguistic regions of Switzerland. Adherence to FBDG was uniformly low. This highlights the potential influence of culture on diet. Nutritional education along with public health interventions are needed and may be most efficient if regionally targeted.
Evaluation of decoquinate to treat experimental cryptosporidiosis in kids; The purpose of this trial was to evaluate the effects of decoquinate at 2.5 mg/kg/day for 21 days to prevent an experimental cryptosporidiosis in kids. Twenty 1-day-old male kids (French Alpin), fed initially goat colostrum heated 1 h at 56 degrees C and fed twice daily with nonmedicated milk replacer, were assigned into 2 groups. Kids of both groups were orally inoculated with 10(6) Cryptosporidium parvum (D0=inoculation day). Group A kids were kept as nonmedicated controls and group B kids were orally medicated with 2.5 mg/kg/day of decoquinate (Deccox L, Rhone Poulenc Animal Nutrition) for 21 days from D-3 to D17. The studied criteria were body weight gain, oocyst shedding and specific anti-C. parvum immune response. In group A, the inoculation was not followed by mortality; but only by diarrhea and high oocyst shedding. Decoquinate reduced the severity of cryptosporidiosis in group B kids. The treatment prevented episodes of diarrhea and weight gain decrease for the D0-D7 and D0-D14 disease periods but did not allow a better final weight gain. The oocyst shedding was decreased in number and in duration. This parasitic development has induced a specific anti-C. parvum immune response. This drug is well-tolerated by animals and may be recommended in the prevention of ruminant cryptosporidiosis, a disease which has very limited treatment options.
Effects of fat source in calf starter on growth performance, blood fatty acid profiles, and inflammatory markers during cold season; This study was conducted to investigate the effects of supplementation of different fat sources in calf starters on growth performance, health, blood fatty acid profiles, and inflammatory markers during the cold season in dairy calves. A total of 48 Holstein calves (24 males and 24 females) were randomly assigned to 1 of 4 starter diets throughout the experiment (d 3 to 65): (1) no supplemented fat (CON), (2) 3% calcium-salts of soybean oil (Ca-SBO), (3) 3% calcium-salts of fish oil (Ca-FO), and (4) 3% mixture of Ca-SBO and Ca-FO (1.5% each, DM basis; MIX). Calves were given free access to starter feed and water and were raised individually in pens from 3 to 65 d of age. Calves fed Ca-SBO consumed a greater proportion of n-6 FA, while calves fed Ca-FO consumed a greater level of n-3 FA compared to the other dietary treatments. Fat supplementation increased the intake of linoleic acid, the major n-6 FA, with the greater intake observed in the Ca-SBO group compared to the other dietary treatments. Calves fed the Ca-FO and MIX diets consumed more long-chain n-3 FA than the other diets. In addition, calves fed Ca-SBO and Ca-FO diets consumed more starter feed and total dry matter than calves fed MIX and CON throughout the experiment (d 3 to 65). Calves fed Ca-FO had higher average daily gain throughout the trial (d 3 to 65) than the other treatment groups. Of all treatment groups, calves fed Ca-FO achieved the highest final body weight and showed the greatest feed efficiency. Random forest analysis revealed that eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and arachidonic acid were the serum levels of FA most affected by the diets. The principal component analysis of blood FA profile, blood parameters, and inflammatory markers showed distinct differences between dietary treatments. Calves fed Ca-SBO had higher plasma concentrations of linoleic acid, while calves fed Ca-FO had higher plasma concentrations of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), such as EPA, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), and DHA than the other treatment groups. Plasma inflammatory markers were lower in calves fed Ca-FO and higher in calves fed CON than in the other treatment groups. The Ca-FO group had lower levels of inflammatory markers, including serum amyloid A, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, Interferon-gamma, haptoglobin, and interleukin-6 compared to the other experimental treatments. Also, the blood malondialdehyde levels, an indicator of oxidative stress, were lower in calves fed Ca-FO compared with calves fed the other treatment diets. In conclusion, the performance of preweaned dairy calves can be improved by adding fat to their starter feed under cold conditions. Overall, the type of fat in milk may affect growth and inflammation of dairy calves before weaning under cold conditions, with n-3 FA (Ca-FO) promoting growth and reducing inflammation more effectively than n-6 FA (Ca-SBO).
Lycopene supplementation (passata sauce) reduces apoptosis but does not affect oxidant-responsive heme oxygenase-1 in human lymphocytes; Objective: We tested the hypothesis that lycopene supplementation reduces the expression of oxidant-responsive heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) in basal conditions and in response to an oxidant challenge and determined whether this is temporally associated with increased cell viability.
Dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene in Catalonia, Spain; To assess the dietary intake of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) by the population of Catalonia, Spain, a total-diet study was carried out. Concentrations of HCB were determined in food samples randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia between June and August 2000. A total of 11 food groups were included in the study. HCB levels were determined by HRGC/HRMS. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. HCB intake was estimated for five population groups: children (aged 4 to 9 years), adolescents (aged 10 to 19 years), male and female adults (aged 20 to 65 years), and seniors (aged >65 years). In general, HCB residues in foods were rather low excepting dairy products with a mean concentration of 0.869 ng/g wet weight. Total dietary intakes of HCB (microgram per kilogram body weight/day) were the following: children (0.0064), adolescents (0.0031), female adults (0.0025), male adults (0.0024) and seniors (0.0019). All these values are considerably lower than the WHO tolerable daily intake (TDI), which is 0.17 mug kg(-1) day(-1) for non-cancer effects and 0.16 mug kg(-1) day(-1) for neoplastic effects in humans. (C) 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Antihypertensive effects of dietary protein and its mechanism; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at increased risk of stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Both genetic and lifestyle factors, particularly diet, have been attributed an important role in the development of hypertension. Reducing dietary sugar and salt intake can help lower blood pressure; similarly, adequate protein intake may also attenuate hypertension. Observational, cross-sectional and longitudinal epidemiological studies, and controlled clinical trials, have documented significant inverse associations between protein intake and blood pressure. Human and animal studies have shown that specific amino acids within proteins may have antihypertensive effects. Cysteine, glutathione (a tripeptide), glutamate and arginine attenuate and prevent alterations that cause hypertension including insulin resistance, decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, altered renin angiotensin system function, increased oxidative stress and formation of advanced glycation end products. Leucine increases protein synthesis in skeletal muscle and improves insulin resistance by modulating hepatic gluconeogenesis. Taurine and tryptophan attenuate sympathetic nervous system activity. Soy protein helps lower blood pressure through its high arginine content and antioxidant activity exhibited by isoflavones. A diet containing an ample amount of protein may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension; one example is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, lean meat, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products, which are good sources of antioxidant vitamins, minerals and fibre. Including an adequate supply of soy in the diet should also be encouraged.
Fluid status monitoring with a wireless network to reduce cardiovascular-related hospitalizations and mortality in heart failure: rationale and design of the OptiLink HF Study (Optimization of Heart Failure Management using OptiVol Fluid Status Monitoring and CareLink); Aims The Optimization of Heart Failure Management using OptiVol Fluid Status Monitoring and CareLink (OptiLink HF) study is designed to investigate whether OptiVol fluid status monitoring with an automatically generated wireless CareAlert notification via the CareLink Network can reduce all-cause death and cardiovascular hospitalizations in an HF population, compared with standard clinical assessment.
Pharmacological prevention strategy for capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome: A network meta-analysis of randomized control trials; Capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome (HFS) is common in clinical practice. There are many regimens used to prevent HFS. However, the most effective preventive regimen has not yet been identified. Thus, we conducted a network meta-analysis to investigate the best preventive regimen for HFS. The PRISMA-NMA guidelines were used in this study. The PubMed, Cochrane, and Embase databases were searched. The main endpoint was set as HFS of National Cancer Institute grade 2 or more. We included only randomized control trials. The P-score was used to rank the regimens. Among all the regimens, topical silymarin had the best preventive ability compared with the placebo (OR: 0.08; 95% CI: 0.01-0.71). The other identified effective regimen included pyridoxine (400 mg) and celecoxib; compared with the placebo, the odds ratio was 0.27 (95% CI: 0.08-0.91) and 0.41 (95% CI: 0.18-0.95), respectively. Topical silymarin is the most useful regimen for preventing capecitabine-induced HFS.
Soy Food Consumption and Risk of Prostate Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Soybean products have been suggested to have a chemo preventive effect against prostate cancer. The aim of this study was to provide a comprehensive meta-analysis on the extent of the possible association between soy-based food consumption and the risk of prostate cancer. Five cohort studies and 8 case-control studies were identified using MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, Korea Medical Database, KoreaMed, Korean studies Information Service System, Japana Centra Revuo Medicina, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and a manual search. Summary odds ratios (ORs) comparing high versus low categories of soybean consumptions were calculated on the basis of the random effect model. We analyzed the associations based on the different types of soybean consumptions. The summary ORs (95% CI) for total soy foods were 0.69 (CI = 0.57-0.84) and 0.75 (CI = 0.62-0.89) for nonfermented soy foods. Among individual soy foods, only tofu yielded a significant value of 0.73 (CI = 0.57-0.92). Consumption of soybean milk, miso, or natto did not significantly reduce the risk of prostate cancer. Genistein and daidzein were associated with a lower risk of prostate cancer. This systematic review suggests that soy food consumption could lower the risk of prostate cancer. This conclusion, however, should be interpreted with caution because various biases can affect the results of a meta-analysis.
Mepitel film for the prevention and treatment of acute radiation dermatitis in breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; PurposeThis systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the efficacy of Mepitel film in preventing or treating acute radiation dermatitis (RD) in patients with breast cancer in randomized controlled trials (RCTs).MethodsEmbase, APA PsychInfo, Journals@Ovid Full Text, Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, and Cochrane Trials were searched until December 12, 2022, to identify RCTs on the use of Mepitel film for preventing or treating acute RD from breast cancer radiotherapy. Per-protocol analysis was used to compare outcomes, calculate pooled effect sizes, odds ratio (OR), and 95% confidence intervals (CI), and to create forest plots using random effects analysis in RevMan 5.4.ResultsThree RCTs were included in this review. Mepitel film significantly reduced the incidence of grade 3 RD (OR 0.15 95% CI 0.06, 0.37, p<0.0001) and grade 2 or 3 RD (OR 0.16 95% CI 0.04, 0.65, p=0.01) as scored on either the CTCAE or the RTOG scale. Additionally, Mepitel film significantly reduced RISRAS mean scores assessed by patients and combined researcher and patient (standardized mean difference (SMD) -7.59, 95% CI -14.42, -0.76, p=0.03; SMD -15.36, 95% CI -30.01, -0.71 p=0.04) but not the researcher component of the assessment tool (SMD -17.55, 95% CI -36.94, 1.84, p=0.08).ConclusionMepitel film reduced the incidence of acute RD and improved patient-reported outcomes with minimal side effects, the main one being itchiness. Future research should assess the feasibility of Mepitel film with respect to specific patient-reported outcomes such as health-related quality of life issues associated with its use.
Efficacy of imiquimod for the expression of Bcl-2, Ki67, p53 and basal cell carcinoma apoptosis; Background Imiquimod is a modifier of the immune response that has been proven to be an effective treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC). However, its mechanism of action is still unknown.
A prospective randomized placebo-controlled double-blinded pilot study of misoprostol rectal suppositories in the prevention of acute and chronic radiation proctitis symptoms in prostate cancer patients; OBJECTIVE: Radiation proctitis is a known complication of radiation therapy for prostate cancer. Available medical treatment is usually ineffective and has focused on relieving symptoms after damage has occurred. Our study aimed at evaluating the use of misoprostol rectal suppositories in the prevention of acute as well as chronic radiation proctitis symptoms.
The Effect of Calcium plus Vitamin D on Risk for Invasive Cancer: Results of the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) Calcium Plus Vitamin D Randomized Clinical Trial; In the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) trial of calcium plus vitamin D (CaD), we examined the treatment effect on incidence and mortality for all invasive cancers. Postmenopausal women (N = 36,282) were randomized to 1,000 mg of elemental calcium with 400 IU vitamin D3 or placebo. Cox models estimated risk of cancer incidence and mortality. After 7.0 yr, 1,306 invasive cancers were diagnosed in the supplement and 1,333 in the placebo group [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.98; CI = 0.90, 1.05, unweighted P = 0.54]. Mortality did not differ between supplement (315, annualized% =.26) and placebo [(347, 0.28%; P = 0.17; HR = 0.90 (0.77, 1.05)]. Significant treatment interactions on incident cancer were found for family history of cancer, personal total intake of vitamin D, smoking, and Will dietary trial randomized group. Calcium/vitamin D supplementation did not reduce invasive cancer incidence or mortality. Supplementation lowered cancer risk in the Will healthy diet trial arm and in women without a first-degree relative with cancer. The interactions are only suggestive given multiple testing considerations. The low vitamin D dose provided, limited adherence, and lack of serum 25(OH)D values should be considered when interpreting these findings.
A comparison between the effects of a probiotic and an antibiotic on the performance of <i>Desi chickens</i>; A study was conducted to compare probiotic with antibiotic, using drinking water supplemented with Biovet and TNF-60. The 8-days old Desi chicks were randomly divided into 9 separate floor pens each comprising 75 birds and three pens (replicates) per treatment group following completely randomized design. At the end of 6 weeks trial, body weight (BW) and feed to gain ratio (FCR) were determined. At the end of experiment, serum cholesterol was determined. The BW of birds given antibiotic and probiotic was significantly greater than control. Similarly, better FCR was observed in birds those given drinking water with antibiotic and probiotic. There was less mortality recorded with probiotic treatment. Cholesterol contents were reduced significantly in probiotic supplemented group as compared to antibiotic and control groups. It may be concluded that performance in Desi birds could be maintained when supplementing probiotic incorporated in broiler's drinking water. The supplementation of probiotic may lead to the development of low-cholesterol chicken meat as demanded by health-conscious consumers. Probiotic may be replaced with the antibiotic to avoid its residual effects on birds as well as human health.
Comparison of clinical and histologic findings in daylight photodynamic therapy for skin field cancerization: A randomized controlled four-arm study on physical methods-assisted delivery of methyl aminolevulinate; Background: Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) has similar efficacy to conventional photodynamic therapy in treating actinic keratosis (AKs). Good clinical outcomes have been reported when associated with physical methods such as microneedles, but a comparison of different methods and histologic studies is lacking. Objectives: To evaluate clinical and histologic modifications induced by standard DL-PDT and compare with DLPDT associated with physical methods in treating skin field cancerization of the face. Methods: Forty patients with photodamaged skin and at least one AK lesion on the face were randomly distributed into four groups, ten patients in each (I: Standard DL-PDT; II: DL-PDT + microneedles; III: DL-PDT + CO2 laser; IV: DL-PDT + microdermabrasion) and underwent two DL-PDT sessions with methyl aminolevulinate cream and 2-hour daylight exposure. Skin biopsies were performed on all patients before and 3 months after. All fragments were stained using the hematoxylin-eosin, orcein, and picrosirius. Results: All 40 patients completed the study. Group III had a higher AK-clearance after 1 (p = 0,002) and 3 (p = 0,034) months, but it was similar in every group at 6 months (p = 0,441). Group III and IV had better clinical global improvement on texture, pigmentation and fine lines. In the groups associated with physical methods, the improvement of the keratinocytes' atypia and solar elastosis were remarkable. Only group III showed a significant reduction in solar elastosis (p = 0.034) and increased collagen type I (p = 0.028) after treatment. Conclusion: DL-PDT-associated with physical methods had better clinical and histologic results. AK-clearance were significantly higher after 1 and 3 months with pretreatment-CO2 laser. Photorejuvenation were more evident with pretreatment-CO2 laser and microdermabrasion. Pretreatment-CO2 laser showed a significant reduction in solar elastosis and increase of collagen type 1. These results pointed to the pretreatment with laser as a potentially better option for skin field cancerization of the face.
Are early-life lambs' characteristics and behavioural reactivity related to later survival and growth performance during artificial feeding?; The use of prolific sheep breeds often leads farmers to rear some lambs with an automatic milk feeder to improve survival and growth. However, the success of these challenging situations could depend on lamb's early individual characteristics, and their behavioural reactivity in a stressful context. The study was performed on 567 Romane lambs. We tested the hypothesis that early-life characteristics, including behaviour and physiology, could predict survival and growth performances until weaning. In addition, on a random subsample of one third of these lambs we assessed whether behavioural reactivity to social isolation and unknown human presence was a further predictor of individual variability in growth rate. Lambs were characterised by birth weight, rectal temperature and scores for vigour, handling and sucking of first bottle milk on arrival at nursing. After three weeks of artificial rearing (i.e. halfway to weaning age), 202 randomly-chosen lambs were studied in a 2-phase test to record their reaction to social isolation in a novel arena test and presence of an unknown human. Test variables were summarised phase-wise by principal component analysis. The factor scores characterised lamb general activity in phase 1 and affinity to humans in phase 2. Data was examined using descriptive statistics, survival analysis and multivariate regression models to identify the key factors for survival and average daily gain (ADG) until weaning. Cumulative early death rate at one week was 5% and global death rate at the end of the rearing period was 11.6%. There was a higher hazard ratio for death for weak sucking at the first milk-bottle test (P = 0.011), low rectal temperature (P < 0.05), and dam age of 4-5 years versus 2-3 years (P < 0.01). A low ADG until weaning was associated with a low vigour score (P < 0.01), weak sucking (P < 0.05) and low birth weight (P < 0.001). Our data also supports the hypothesis of a relationship between growth and behavioural reactivity in artificially-reared lambs. A low growth rate until weaning was also associated with higher lamb affinity shown to humans (P < 0.001) and lower activity expressed in social isolation in a new arena (P < 0.05). Our study suggests that early-age characteristics but also reactivity to social isolation and affinity to humans could be valuable predictors of lamb survival and growth in artificial rearing. Our results possibly reveal an overdependency on humans in some lambs in such a system.
Medicinal Plants as Efficacious Agents for Diabetic Foot Ulcers:A Systematic Review of Clinical Studies; A diabetic foot ulcer (DFU) is a chronic, nonhealing wound that occurs in approximately 15% to 25% of patients with diabetes, and amputation is necessary in approximately 5% to 24% of these patients. Medicinal plants have demonstrated promising wound healing activities in animal models of DFUs as well as in clinical studies. These plants, which are described as medicinal in different regions of the world, are not considered to be standard medicinal treatments in Western medicine at this time. Some medicinal products, such as bromelain-an herbal protease currently used for enzymatic debridement of wounds-have been obtained from plants, showing the important role of these natural products as sources of wound healing agents. This paper aims to review clinical studies on the effects of medicinal plants in patients with DFUs based on the improvement of local and systemic parameters related to wound healing. Electronic databases including PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane Library were searched for studies from inception through May 2019 using the keywords "diabetic foot ulcer" and "plant," "phytochemical," "extract," or "herb." Inclusion criteria were controlled or before-after clinical studies with English-language full-text in which topical or systemic herbal preparations for DFUs were evaluated by considering outcomes such as reduction of wound healing time and wound area, markers of inflammation and oxidative stress, and number of cases requiring amputation. Studies on non-herbal materials and human studies other than clinical trials were excluded. Fourteen studies were included in the present review. Herbal medicines were administered as add-on therapy to standard wound care in the form of topical (cream, gel, oil) or systemic (capsule, decoction, injection) preparations. Parameters such as ulcer width and depth, phagocytic function, tumor necrosis factor a level, epithelialization, vascularization, and wound closure were evaluated in clinical trials, several of which were significantly improved in patients compared with their baseline values or control group. Per the studies included in this review, medicinal plants can be recommended as promising adjuvant therapies to conventional wound care to accelerate wound healing in patients with DFUs.
An estimate of the economic burden and premature deaths due to vitamin D deficiency in Canada; The objective of this work is to estimate the economic burden and premature death rate in Canada attributable to low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels. Vitamin D deficiency has been linked to many diseases and conditions in addition to bone diseases, including many types of cancer, several bacterial and viral infections, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Canadians have mean serum 25(OH)D levels averaging 67 nmol/L. The journal literature was searched for papers reporting dose response relationships for vitamin D indices and disease outcomes. The types of studies useful in this regard include randomized controlled trials, observational, cross-sectional, and ecological studies, and meta-analyses. The mortality rates for 2005 were obtained from Statistics Canada. The economic burden data were obtained from Health Canada. The estimated benefits in disease reduction were based on increasing the mean serum 25(OH)D level to 105 nmol/L. It is estimated that the death rate could fall by 37 000 deaths (22 300-52 300 deaths), representing 16.1% (9.7-22.7%) of annuals deaths and the economic burden by 6.9% (3.8-10.0%) or $14.4 billion ($8.0 billion $20.1 billion) less the cost of the program. It is recommended that Canadian health policy leaders consider measures to increase serum 25(OH)D levels for all Canadians.
INTRATUMORAL BCG CELL-WALL PREPARATION THERAPY AND SURGERY IN BOVINE OCULAR CARCINOMA; Inbred animal tumor models with artificially induced tumors are inadequately comparable with human neoplasias. Thus, cows with squamous cell carcinomas developing spontaneously in the head and neck region were used for experimental investigations on the immunotherapy of malignant tumors. This experimental model served to investigate the therapeutic effect of a single intratumoral application of BCG cell-wall preparations (CWP) in comparison to local and radical surgical procedures. A total of 129 tumor-bearing cows were divided into 5 groups. Group 1 received a single intratumoral injection of BCG-CWP. The procedures in Groups 2 and 3 involved local (primary tumor) and radical (primary tumor and draining lymph nodes) surgery, respectively. A procedure was developed for the radical operation in accordance with the method used for radical neck dissection in patients with head and neck tumors. Group 4 remained untreated; Group 5 received sham (improperly compounded) BCG-CWP. Twenty-six percent of the animals treated with BCG-CWP and 52% treated with local surgery were clinically tumor-free 2.5 yr after treatment; of those that had undergone radical surgery showed any evidence of tumor recurrence. In the control groups (Groups 4 and 5), progressive tumor growth was characteristic for all except 1 animal that had spontaneous remission. The favorable outcome of BCG-CWP treatment in a bastard animal population with spontaneously developing squamous cell carcinomas in the head and  neck region may possibly be attributed to the fact that this experimental system involves a tumor with very marked tumor-specific transplantation antigens. The successful experimental results obtained with BCG-CWP therapy have led to a prospective, randomized study in patients with squamous cell carcinomas in the head and neck region.
Mepitel Film for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; PurposeThis systematic review and meta-analysis evaluates the efficacy of Mepitel Film in preventing acute radiation dermatitis (RD) in patients with head and neck cancer (HNC) across randomized controlled trials (RCTs).MethodsEmbase, MEDLINE, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched on 5 March 2023 to identify relevant RCTs. RD assessment tools and outcomes were compared across studies. Pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated based on random-effects analysis using RevMan 5.4.ResultsThree RCTs conducted between 2018 and 2020 were included. Mepitel Film decreased RD severity when compared to Sorbolene or Biafine but not when compared to mometasone. A per-protocol analysis of two of the trials revealed that, overall, Mepitel Film significantly reduced the incidence of grade 2-3 RD (odds ratio (OR), 0.24; 95% CI, 0.09-0.65; p = 0.005) and moist desquamation (OR, 0.21; 95% CI, 0.10-0.46; p < 0.0001) and decreased average patient, researcher, and combined components of the Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (the standardized mean difference (SMD) for patient ratings, - 2.56; 95% CI, - 3.15 to - 1.96, p < 0.00001; SMD for researcher ratings, - 3.47; 95% CI, - 6.63 to - 0.31, p = 0.03; SMD for combined scores, - 3.68; 95% CI, - 6.43 to - 0.92, p = 0.009). Noted issues with Mepitel Film included itchiness and poor adherence.ConclusionWhile there were discrepancies across studies, Mepitel Film demonstrated a decrease in the incidence of grade 2-3 RD and moist desquamation. These findings emphasize the need for further examining Mepitel Film's efficacy across diverse patient groups and the importance of standardizing RD severity assessment methodologies and control arms.
Sensitivity of reproducing sows and suckling pigs to stray voltage; Objective-To evaluate whether stray voltage reduces welfare of sows and their litters, causes reproductive problems, or impairs growth and survival of suckling pigs.
Effect of Maternal Diet and Medium Chain Fatty Acids Supplementation for Piglets on Their Digestive Tract Development, Structure, and Chyme Acidity as Well as Performance and Health Status; Simple Summary Weaning is the most critical period of piglet rearing. During this time, pigs have not yet fully developed their intestinal tract and immune system; therefore, they are an easy target for pathogenic microorganisms that cause gastrointestinal diseases. In the last decade, several nutritional factors were studied to prevent gastrointestinal disorders in piglets. The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of oils for sows during late pregnancy and lactation on offspring performance. In addition, the study determined the effect of caprylic acid or medium-chain triglyceride oil in piglets' feed on their intestinal structure development, fatty acids content of chyme, productive performance, and health status. Summarizing, the study showed that coconut oil fed to pregnant and lactating sows can markedly reduce the mortality of piglets during the weaning period and that caprylic acid and medium-chain fatty acid oil can be a good feed supplement in weaned piglet feed. The nutritional factors tested in the present study could be used in the diet of sows and piglets to improve the health of piglets and thus the efficiency of pig production.
Determinants of Diabetic Foot Ulcer Among Adult Patients with Diabetes Attending the Diabetic Clinic in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: Unmatched Case-Control Study; Background: Diabetic foot ulcer is among the commonest complications of diabetic mellitus attributed to a number of morbidity and mortality cases in diabetic patients. Nowadays, the incidence of diabetic foot ulcer is increasing due to the increased prevalence of diabetes. However, the risk factors of the problem are less studied in Ethiopia. Hence, this study was conducted to assess the determinants of diabetic foot ulcer among adult patients with diabetes attending a diabetic clinic in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia in 2019.
Interventions for sexual dysfunction following treatments for cancer in women; Background
Dietary patterns and risk of squamous-cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and adenocarcinoma of the gastric cardia: A population-based case-control study in Sweden; We conducted a large population-based case-control study in Sweden to examine the association of dietary patterns and the development of cancers from the esophagus or gastroesophageal junction. In total 185 patients with esophageal adenocarcinoma, 165 with esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma, 258 with gastric cardia adenocarcinoma, and 815 randomly selected population controls underwent face-to-face interviews. Exploratory factor analysis was used to identify possible dietary patterns. Multivariate logistic regression with adjustments for age, sex, years of education, body mass index, physical activity, symptomatic gastroesophageal reflux, smoking, and total energy intake was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We identified three major dietary patterns in this population, for example, "healthy diet" (high in vegetables, tomato, fruits, fish, and poultry), "Western diet" (high in processed meat, red meat, sweets, high-fat dairy, and high-fat gravy), and "alcohol drinker" (high in intakes of beer liquor, and French fries). We found that a healthy diet tended to moderately decrease the risk of all three cancers under study, although none of the associations was statistically significant. A high score of Western diet was associated with increased risks of gastric cardia adenocarcinoma (high 3rd tertile vs. low 1st quartile, OR = 1.8, 95% CI = 1.1-2.9, P for trend = 0.04) and esophageal adenocarcinoma (high 3rd tertile vs. low 1st tertile, OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 0.9-3.1, P for trend = 0.13), whereas a dietary pattern characterized by high beer and liquor intake (alcohol drinker) significantly increased the risk of squamous-cell carcinoma of the esophagus (3rd tertile vs. low 1st tertile, OR = 3.5, 95% CI = 1.9-6.3, P for trend < 0.0001). Our study confirms the important role of diet in the carcinogenesis of esophageal and cardia cancer.
Effects of 2-year vitamin B12 and folic acid supplementation in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly on arterial stiffness and cardiovascular outcomes within the B-PROOF trial; Introduction: Hyperhomocysteinemia is an important cardiovascular risk indicator in the oldest old, and is associated with elevated arterial stiffness in this age group. Since several intervention trials reported a lack of benefit of B-vitamin supplementation on cardiovascular outcomes, we aimed to investigate the effect of B-vitamin supplementation on arterial stiffness and atherosclerosis in hyperhomocysteinemic elderly patients.
Characterization of energy and performance of swine fed a novel corn-soybean extruded product; Background: A novel extruded product was characterized with a metabolism and lactation trial to establish the product's energy content, and its effects on lactating sow performance. The product was composed of a 60:40 corn-soybean blend, which was then extruded. This product containing the co-extruded 60:40 corn-soybean blend was commercially developed and is used extensively in swine diets in southwest Minnesota. GE of dietary treatments were determined by isoperibol bomb calorimetry. Twelve barrows (59.9 +/- 1.4 kg), were used to determine the digestible and metabolizable energy of the extruded product. DE of treatments was determined by subtracting fecal energy from GE provided to barrows by each respective treatment. ME was determined by subtracting urinary energy from calculated digestible energy. Sixty-three sows were used for the lactation trial. Three dietary treatments were utilized: CONTROL (an industry standard diet); PRODUCT (contained the product, vitamins and minerals); OIL (matched the lysine: ME ratio of PRODUCT by addition of soy oil). Sow weight, backfat thickness at the right and left last ribs, body condition score, number of piglets, and litter weights were recorded on the date of farrowing (d 0), (d 9), and at weaning. Blood and milk samples were obtained at weaning, and blood was analyzed for plasma urea nitrogen (PUN), milk was analyzed for total protein and fat content.
Placental Transfusion Strategies in Very Preterm Neonates <i>A Systematic Review and Meta</i>-<i>analysis</i>; OBJECTIVE:To investigate the effects of interventions promoting placental transfusion at delivery (delayed cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) compared with early cord clamping on outcomes among premature neonates of less than 32 weeks of gestation.DATA SOURCES:A systematic search was conducted of PubMed, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases (January 1965 to December 2013) for articles relating to placental transfusion strategies in very preterm neonates.METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION:Literature searches returned 369 articles with 82 considered in full. We only included data from studies with an average gestational age of less than 32 weeks of gestation enrolled in randomized trials of enhanced placental-fetal transfusion interventions (delayed cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) compared with early cord clamping.TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS:We identified 12 eligible studies describing a total of 531 neonates with an average gestation of 28 weeks. Benefits of greater placental transfusion were decreased mortality (eight studies, risk ratio 0.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.19-0.95, 3.4% compared with 9.3%, P=.04), lower incidence of blood transfusions (six studies, risk ratio 0.75, 95% CI 0.63-0.92, 49.3% compared with 66%, P<.01), and lower incidence of intraventricular hemorrhage (nine studies, risk ratio 0.62, 95% CI 0.43-0.91, 16.7% compared with 27.3%, P=.01). There was a weighted mean difference of -1.14 blood transfusions (six studies, 95% CI -2.01-0.27, P<.01) and a 3.24-mmHg increase in blood pressure at 4 hours of life (four studies, 95% CI 1.76-4.72, P<.01). No differences were observed between the groups across all available safety measures (5-minute Apgar scores, admission temperature, incidence of delivery room intubation, peak serum bilirubin levels).CONCLUSIONS:Results of this meta-analysis suggest that enhanced placental transfusion (delayed umbilical cord clamping or umbilical cord milking) at birth provides better neonatal outcomes than does early cord clamping, most notably reductions in overall mortality, lower risk of intraventricular hemorrhage, and decreased blood transfusion incidence. The optimal umbilical cord clamping practice among neonates requiring immediate resuscitation remains uncertain.
Randomized field trial on the effects of body weight and short transport on stress and immune variables in 2-to 4-week-old dairy calves; Background Whether underweight calves respond differently to transport stress, enhancing their disease risk, is currently unknown. Objective To determine the effects of low body weight and transport stress on immune variables. Animals Twenty-one 2- to 4-week-old male Holstein calves, housed on a commercial farm. Methods Randomized clinical trial. Full factorial design with 4 treatment groups: low body weight (<= 46 kg)/no transport (LOWCON); low body weight/transport (LOWTRANS); normal body weight (>46 kg)/no transport (NORMCON), and normal body weight/transport (NORMTRANS). Transport duration was 2 hours. Results Transport significantly increased serum cortisol concentration (77.8 mu g/mL; 95% confidence interval [CI], 37.8-131.6; P < .001), interleukin (IL)-17A (344.9 pg/mL; 95% CI, 32.2-556.5; P = .04), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (218.2 pg/mL; 95% CI, 32.5-368.3; P = .03) production after lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulation. Body weight did not affect any of the studied variables. However, the interaction of transport and body weight was significant. LOWTRANS calves showed increased monocyte count (2.0 x 10(9)/L; 95% CI, 0.6-4.2; P < .05) and interleukin IL-17A production (106.0 pg/mL; 95% CI, 4.2-306.9; P = .03) compared to normal weight calves and increased TNF-alpha production (275.6 pg/mL; 95% CI, 2.6-463.0; P = .02) compared to LOWCON calves in unstimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) after transport. Conclusion and Clinical Importance These findings contribute to our understanding of increased disease susceptibility of underweight calves when transported. Gamma globulin concentration was identified as important interfering factor in studies on immune variables in neonatal calves.
Food selection and eating behaviour during weight maintenance intervention and 2-y follow-up in obese men; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess long-term changes in food consumption and eating behaviour during and 2 y after dietary counselling in weight-reduced obese men.
THE SAFETY AND EFFICACY OF A SILYMARIN AND SELENIUM COMBINATION IN MEN AFTER RADICAL PROSTATECTOMY - A SIX MONTH PLACEBO-CONTROLLED DOUBLE-BLIND CLINICAL TRIAL; Background. Silymarin, a milk thistle flavonolignan mixture, has anti-proliferative and anti-angiogenic activities in xenografts of human prostate cancer (PCa). Low dietary selenium on the other hand has been associated with increased incidence of PCa. The purpose of the current trial was to determine whether a daily administration of a silymarin and selenium (SM-Se) combination for 6 months would alter basic clinical chemistry and oxidative stress markers, and improve the quality of life score (QoL) in men after radical prostatectomy (RP).
Improvement of vitamin D status resulted in amelioration of biomarkers of systemic inflammation in the subjects with type 2 diabetes; Background Both vitamin D deficiency and inflammation have been linked to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. In this study, the effects of daily intake of vitamin D-fortified yoghourt drink (doogh) on systemic inflammatory biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D) were investigated. Subjects and methods In this 12-week randomized controlled trial, T2D subjects received either plain doogh (PD; containing 170?mg calcium and no detectable vitamin D/250?mL, n1?=?50) or vitamin D3-fortified doogh (FD; containing 170?mg calcium and 500?IU/250?mL, n2?=?50) twice a day. Glycemic status, body fat mass and systemic inflammatory biomarkers including serum highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), interleukin(IL)-2, IL-6, IL-10 and tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-a were evaluated at the beginning and after the intervention. Data were expressed as either mean?+/-?SD or median (interquartile range) whenever they had either normal or non-normal distribution, respectively. Results In the patients receiving the vitamin D fortified drink, compared with those receiving the unfortified drink, a significant increase in serum 25(OH)D was accompanied by significant changes in TNF-a (-57.9 (-264.6) versus +106.3 (683.2), p?=?0.044), IL-6 (-6.3 (-69.2), p?=?0.002), hsCRP (-0.39 (-1.50) versus +0.8 (1.52), p?<?0.001), SAA (-14.2?+/-?44.5 versus +5.6?+/-?37.5?mg/L, p?=?0.022) and IL-10 (+38.7?+/-?157.0 versus -51.9?+/-?165.2?ng/L, p?=?0.013). The between-group differences of hsCRP, SAA and IL-6 changes remained significant even after controlling for changes quantitative insulin check index (p?<?0.001, p?<?0.001 and p?=?0.009, respectively). Conclusions Improvement of vitamin D status of T2D subjects resulted in amelioration of the systemic inflammatory markers. This may have preventive implications against cardiovascular disease and other diabetic complications. Copyright (c) 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
In sickness and in health: pivotal role of vitamin D; Within the last several years, frequency of vitamin D testing has multiplied substantially all over the world, since it has been shown to have an important role in many diseases and conditions. Even though liquid chromatography - tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) has been identified as "gold standard" method for vitamin D measurement, most laboratories still use immunochemistry methods. Besides analytical problems (hydrophobicity, low circulating concentrations, ability to bind to lipids, albumins and vitamin D binding protein, presence of multiple vitamin D metabolites and variable ratios of 25(OH)D-2 and 25(OH)D-3 in the blood), vitamin D shows great preanalytical variability, since its concentration is drastically influenced by seasonal changes, exposure to sun, type of clothes or sun block creams. Vitamin D is mostly measured in serum or plasma, but new studies are showing importance of measuring vitamin D in pleural effusions, breast milk, urine, synovial fluid and saliva. Besides the main role in calcium homeostasis and bone metabolism, many studies linked vitamin D deficiency with cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, fertility and many other conditions. However, even though initial observational studies indicated that supplementation with vitamin D might be beneficial in disease development and progression; first results of well- designed randomized controlled prospective studies did not find differences in frequency of cardiovascular events or invasive cancer between patients taking vitamin D supplementation compared to placebo. In the light of these recent findings, validity of excessive vitamin D testing remains an open question.
Vaginal chlorhexidine during labour to prevent early-onset neonatal group B streptococcal infection; Background
Estimation of the effects of selection on French Large White sow and piglet performance during the suckling period; The effects of 21 yr of selection were estimated for sow and piglet performance during the suckling period in a French Large White (LW) pig population using frozen semen. Two experimental groups (EXP = L77 and L98) were produced by inseminating LW sows with either stored frozen semen from 17 LW boars born in 1977 (EXP = L77) or with fresh semen from 23 LW boars born in 1998 (EXP = L98). Seventy-four L77 and 89 L98 randomly chosen females were mated to 15 L77 and 15 L98, respectively, randomly chosen boars for 6 successive parities. They produced 2,796 L77 progeny (G77) and 3,529 L98 progeny (G98) piglets including stillbirths. To disentangle direct and maternal effects on piglet growth, a 2 x 2 factorial design was set by cross-fostering half-litters across genetic groups the day after farrowing, resulting in mixed G77/G98 litters nursed by either L77 or L98 sows. Piglet traits investigated included individual weight at birth (IWB), at 21 d of age (IW21d), and at weaning at 4 wk of age (IWW) and ADG from birth to 21 d of age (ADG21d) and from birth to weaning (ADGBW) as well as probability of stillbirth, probability of mortality on the first day after farrowing and from d 2 to weaning. Sow traits analyzed included weight before farrowing and at weaning, feed intake, milk production, colostrum, and milk composition. The variability of performance across genetic groups and litters was also investigated. The data were analyzed using generalized (piglet mortality) or linear mixed models (other traits). Results showed an increase in IWB (+ 240 +/- 72 g in 21 yr for IWB adjusted for total number born), and a negative maternal genetic trend was observed on piglet growth during the suckling period (e.g., + 33 +/- 13 g/d in 21 yr for ADG21d, that is, 14% of the mean), whereas direct genetic effects remained unchanged. Piglets from L98 litters also had a 40% larger probability of being stillborn and a 28% larger probability of dying on d 1 and had a more heterogeneous IWB (358 vs. 336 g; P < 0.001) and growth during the suckling period (60 vs. 56 g/d; P < 0.001). Sows from L77 and L98 experimental groups did not differ in weight, feed intake, colostrum, and milk composition. These results give evidence of negative correlated effects of selection for piglet traits related to robustness. These adverse effects are at least partly of maternal origin.
Assessment of concurrent infection with bovine viral diarrhoea virus (BVDV) and <i>Mycobacterium</i> <i>bovis</i>: A herd-level risk factor analysis from Northern Ireland; Bovine viral diarrhoea virus (BVDV) is a significant pathogen of cattle, leading to severe economic and animal-welfare impacts. Furthermore, the pathogen has been associated with impacting the progression or spread of other pathogens (e.g. Mycobacterium bovis, the causative agent of bovine tuberculosis (bTB)). During this study we investigated (i) risk factors for BVDV at a herd-level and (ii) whether there was any association between BVDV and herd-level bTB risk.
The effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are a significant and growing burden on global health services, and it is now accepted that impairment of vascular function represents a major preliminary step in the development of CVD. There is considerable interest in identifying both causal factors of impaired vascular function, as well as related nutritional factors that may lower the risk of developing CVD, and food-derived bioactive peptides and amino acids have emerged as one such area. Dairy foods contain two groups of proteins, whey proteins and caseins, which represent a rich source of bioactive peptides that are released during food processing and/or digestion. These peptides have a number of physiological activities including the potential to reduce blood pressure. Research, including acute and longer-term randomised controlled trials, animal models and in vitro models has demonstrated the potential impact of dairy proteins on vascular function. The purpose of this paper is to narratively review the evidence, primarily from randomised controlled trials, examining the effects of whey proteins, their peptides and amino acids on vascular function and related issues including blood pressure. In addition, it will explore the potential underlying mechanisms responsible for these effects. It concludes that there is increasing evidence that whey proteins, and notably the bioactive peptides and amino acids released during their digestion, can have beneficial effects on aspects of vascular function and thus contribute to CVD risk reduction. It also highlights a number of beneficial effects of whey proteins including those on blood pressure, arterial stiffness, nitric oxide production and inflammation.
A NOTE ON THE INFLUENCE OF ROUTINE INDUCTION OF PARTURITION BY ADMINISTRATION OF A SYNTHETIC PROSTAGLANDIN ANALOG ON PRODUCTIVITY IN THE RABBIT; The effect of routine induction of parturition on some reproductive and productive parameters during a year-long trial in 50 California doe rabbits allocated in two groups of 25 animals (treated and control), was studied. Intramuscular injections of 50 .mu.g of the synthetic analogue of prostaglandin F2.alpha. (Etiproston), were given at 10.00 h on day 29 of pregnancy. Control animals were untreated. When compared with the controls, treated does showed a significant reduction in the individual weight of pups at birth (49.7 (s.e. 0.41) and 52.2 (s.e. 0.53) g), number born dead per litter (0.42 (s.e. 0.11) and 0.81 (s.e. 0.16)), and parturition interval (42.9 (s.e. 1.5) and 53.5 (s.e. 1.7) days), and an increase in both sexual receptivity on days 6 to 9 post partum (70.4% and 43.0%), and in the conception rate to remating on days 6 to 7 post partum (82.2% and 66.6%), respectively. Litter size at birth, overall conception rate, mortality from birth to weaning, litter weight at 21 days, litter size at weaning, milk production, and mortality of does were not affected by the prostaglandin treatment.
Effect of radiant heat at the birth site in farrowing crates on hypothermia and behaviour in neonatal piglets; It has been documented that floor heating of the farrowing area in loose housed sows improves survival of piglets significantly. However, today, the majority of farrowing pens are designed with crating of sows and slatted floor at the birth site. The aim of this study was to investigate whether providing radiant heat at the birth site to new-born piglets in pens with crated sows reduced hypothermia, time to first milk intake and growth of the piglets during the 1(st) week. Second parity Danish LandracexYorkshire sows (n=36) were randomly divided into two groups: Control (CG) and heat (HG). In the area behind the sow (zone 1), two radiant heat panels were mounted above the slatted floor in the HG. The farrowings were attended, and the heaters were turned on at birth of first piglet and turned off 12 h after. Birth time, time to leave zone 1, time to first contact with udder and time to first suckling were registered by direct observation. The piglet's rectal temperature (RT) was measured 15, 30, 60, 120, 180, 240 min after birth and 12, 14 and 24 h after birth of first piglet. Piglets were weighed at birth, 24 and 48 h and 7 days after birth. Data were analysed in a mixed model in SAS. The drop in RT was lower in HG compared with CG (P=0.002), and the RT in HG remained higher than in CG from 30 to 240 min after birth (P<0.05), whereas no difference was found at 12 h after birth of first piglet (P=0.92). Piglets in HG stayed longer in zone 1 than those in CG (P=0.01), whereas time to reach udder (P=0.35) and to first suckling (P=0.56) did not differ. No difference in weight gain was found between piglets in HG and CG at 24 h (P=0.23), 48 h (P=0.28) and 7 days after birth (P=0.44). Birth weight had a positive effect on RT (P<0.001) and reduced time to leave zone 1 (P<0.01), reach udder (P<0.001) and time to first suckling (P<0.001). The results showed that radiant heating behind the sows reduced hypothermia in new-born piglets and indicate that providing heat during the first half hour after birth is important.
Inflammatory genes expression and calf responses to different dietary grains (steam flaked corn vs steam-rolled barley) and protein sources (pelleted soybean meal vs pelleted canola meal); This study aimed to investigate the effects of grains, and protein sources in the starter diet on daily gain, pro- and anti-inflammatory genes expression, ruminal volatile fatty acid (VFA) concentration, and blood metabolites in the dairy calves. Forty Holstein calves were randomly assigned to treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement with the factors of grain source (steam-flaked corn, CG vs. steam-rolled barley, BG) and pelleted protein source (soybean meal, SBM vs. canola meal, CM). The daily gain of calves who fed with SBM was higher than those fed with CM. Total VFA concentration in the rumen of calves fed with CG was greater than BG at day 35 (p < 0.05), and calves receiving SBM had higher total VFA concentration than calves fed with CM. The relative expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta genes were significantly decreased in the calves fed with BG and CM compared to calves fed with CG and SBM. Calves receiving the starter diet based on BG had the highest (p < 0.05) gene expression of interferon-gamma. Feeding calves with SBM is recommended because it resulted in a greater daily gain than CM. Complete replacement of SBM with CM, and CG with BG is not recommended in dairy calves.
Does experimental cortisol elevation mediate risk-taking and antipredator behaviour in a wild teleost fish?; The hypothalamic-pituitary-interrenal (HPI) axis is centrally implicated in stressor mitigation in teleost fishes. Sustained HPI axis activation can be detrimental to the physiological functioning of an organism and can result in fitness-related trade-offs. Predator-induced mortality is known to be higher in stressed fish than in unstressed conspecifics, suggesting a role for the HPI axis in mediating fish behaviour. However, the underlying specific mechanism(s) for this phenomenon is(are) unknown. The purpose of the current study was to address how the HPI axis influences risk-taking, and antipredator behaviours in a wild teleost, the pumpkinseed sunfish (Lepomis gibbosus). Here, individual juvenile pumpkinseed were implanted either with cocoa butter as a sham control or with a biologically-relevant concentration of cortisol. Forty-eight hours post-implantation, fish were assessed for behavioural metrics associated with boldness and risk taking in three sequential behavioural tests: (i) a predation-risk test, (ii) an exploration tendency test, and (iii) a shoaling tendency test, with test order randomized among different trials. Cortisol treatment had no influence on antipredator, exploratory, or shoaling behaviours. However, post-attack swimming duration (in predation-risk test) and exploratory activity (in Z-maze exploration test) were significantly affected by body mass. Collectively, our results indicate that cortisol may not have a role in mediating sociability, boldness, and risk-taking behaviours in pumpkinseed sunfish, at least under the current laboratory conditions. However, cortisol may nonetheless play a role in mediating predator-prey interactions in fishes in more natural environmental settings that were not considered here.
Photodynamic therapy with methyl-5-aminolevulinate for basal cell carcinoma: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common type of non-melanoma skin cancer worldwide. Methyl-5-aminolevulinate (MAL) photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an effective and acceptable treatment for BCC. The purpose of this analysis was to compare the benefit and tolerability of MAL-PDT with other modalities for the treatment of BCC.
TOPICAL CHEMOTHERAPY OF ACTINIC KERATOSES OF THE UPPER EXTREMITY WITH TRETINOIN AND 5-FLUOROURACIL - A DOUBLE-BLIND CONTROLLED-STUDY; In a randomized double-blind controlled study, 19 patients applied 5% 5-fluourouracil (5-FU) cream to actinic keratoses (AK) on each arm twice daily, followed by nightly application of 0.05% tretinoin cream to one arm, and a control cream to the other arm until discomfort precluded further applications. After 3 months, the number of residual AK was compared to pre-treatment values. The tretinoin-treated arms had 15.7 .+-. 6.1 AK before treatment and 3.4 .+-. 2.6 AK following therapy. The control arms had 15.3 .+-. 6.9 AK before therapy and 4.2 .+-. 2.5 lesions afterwards. Using a one-tailed paired t-test, the difference in response was statistically significant (0.03 < P < 0.04). It was concluded that daily application of 0.05% tretinoin ream appeared to enhance the efficacy of topical 5-FU in destruction of AK of the arms and may represent a useful treatment modality.
An ancillary study of participants in a randomized, placebo-controlled trial suggests that ingestion of bovine lactoferrin promotes expression of interferon alpha in the human colon; Studies using animal models have demonstrated that ingestion of bovine lactoferrin (bLF) is able to induce cytokine expression in the intestine and inhibit carcinogenesis in the colon and other organs of experimental animals. Consequently, a clinical trial was conducted in the National Cancer Center Hospital, Tokyo, Japan to determine whether ingestion of bLF affected the growth of colorectal polyps in humans. The Tokyo-trial found that ingestion of 3.0 g bLF suppressed the growth of colorectal polyps and increased the level of serum human lactoferrin in participants 63 years old or younger. The present study is a complementary study to the Tokyo-trial to determine if a change in the expression of one or more cytokines could be detected in the colon of the Tokyo-trial participants after ingesting bLF. We found that daily ingestion of 3.0 g bLF promoted the expression of interferon alpha in the colon of the Tokyo-trial participants. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Topical Treatments for Melasma: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background: Melasma is an acquired skin disease characterized by symmetric hyperpigmentation on sun-exposed areas, particularly on the face. Recently, there has been tremendous scientific interest in novel, safe, and effective topical agents to manage melasma.
Animal models of papillomavirus pathogenesis; Tumorigenesis due to papillomavirus (PV) infection was first demonstrated in rabbits and cattle early last century. Despite the evidence obtained in animals, the role of viruses in human cancer was dismissed as irrelevant. It took a paradigm shift in the late 1970s for some viruses to be recognised as 'tumour viruses' in humans, and in 1995, more than 60 years after Rous's first demonstration of CRPV oncogenicity, WHO officially declared that 'HPV-16 and HPV-18 are carcinogenic to humans'. Experimental studies with animal PVs have been a determining factor in this decision. Animal PVs have been studied both as agents of disease in animals and as models of human PV infection. In addition to the study of PV infection in whole animals, in vitro studies with animal PV proteins have contributed greatly to the understanding of the mechanisms of cell transformation. Animal PVs cause distressing diseases in both farm and companion animals, such as teat papillomatosis in cattle, equine sarcoids and/canine oral papillomatosis and there is an urgent need to understand the pathogenesis of these problematic infections. Persistent and florid teat papillomatosis in cows can lead to mastitis, prevent the suckling of calves and make milking impossible; heavily affected animals are culled and so occasionally are whole herds. Equine sarcoids are often recurrent and untreatable and lead to loss of valuable animals. Canine oral papillomatosis can be very extensive and persistent and lead to great distress. Thus the continuing research in the biology of animal PVs is amply justified. BPVs and CRPV have been for many years the model systems with which to study the biology of HPV. Induction of papillomas and their neoplastic progression has been experimentally demonstrated and reproduced in cattle and rabbits, and virus-cofactor interactions have been elucidated in these systems. With the advancements in molecular and cell culture techniques, the direct study of HPV has become less problematic and understandably research efforts have shifted in focus from animal to human PVs. However, there are still areas in which studies on animal PVs will continue to provide answers to questions pertaining to virus biology. One of these questions is the involvement of HPV in oesophageal and bladder cancer in humans as is the case for BPV in cattle. Another is the site of viral latency. Lymphocytes have been proposed as a site of latency for both BPV and HPV but only experiments performed in animals could clarify this point. Animal PVs have been instrumental in the development of vaccines as cattle, rabbit and more recently dog all provide the opportunity to study vaccination in the natural host. Several anti-HPV vaccines, both prophylactic and therapeutic, based on those developed in animals, are now in clinical trials with encouraging results. In vitro studies with two animal PV early proteins, the transcriptional regulator E2 and the oncoprotein E5, among others, have contributed to the elucidation of viral gene control and cell transformation. BPV E2 was the first viral product to be identified as a transcriptional regulator; more recently, its association with mitotic chromosomes has been suggested as a mechanism for the partition of viral genomes between daughter cells, and its L2-mediated localisation in the sub-nuclear compartments PODs is believed to favour viral DNA encapsidation. E5 is the major transforming protein of several BPVs. Many of the function of E5 proteins have been first established for BPV E5 and later validated for HPV E5.
Functional Foods for Type 2 Diabetes; A number of studies have suggested that functional foods such as tea, wheat, nuts, and sweet potatoes have beneficial effects on glycemic control; however, the effectiveness of consuming functional foods for the management of diabetes remains unclear. The aim of this review is to summarize the evidence for functional foods in diabetes maintenance. A PubMed and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews search utilizing the indexing terms. functional food. and. diabetes. was performed. A total of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) met the criteria. Resveratrol, wheat albumin, ginger, and wine grape pomace flour all improved glycemic control, insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, and lipid profiles. On the other hand, citrus flavonoids-enriched product, arabinogalactan, low-fat milk, raw red onion, and functional yogurt appear to have no effects on diabetes. As for resveratrol, the results are controversial. Although the underlying mechanism is not clear, the differences in the characteristics of study participants may have an influence on the effectiveness of functional foods. However, the effects of functional foods on diabetes remain inconclusive due to the small number of subjects, short duration, and methodological heterogeneity among RCTs. In addition to the current evidence, further RCTs investigating the effects of functional foods on diabetic complications, mortality, and cost-effectiveness, as well as glycemic control, are required.
Lip Ulceration Associated with Intravenous Administration of Zoledronic Acid: Report of a Case; Although osteonecrosis of the jaw is a wellknown adverse reaction of bisphosphonates (BPs), random cases of oral mucosal ulceration after per os administration of BP-aledronate have been attributed to prolonged mucosal irritation. This report, for the first time, describes the mucosal ulceration related to intravenous use of zoledronic acid (ZA). A 52-year-old female patient presented with painful ulcers on both cutaneous/mucosal surfaces of the lower lip and a 2-month history of osteonecrosis of the mandible beside the right lower canine. Her medical record included intravenous administration ofZA for 10 months for primary breast cancer metastatic to bone. Examination of the peripheral blood showed severe anemia and a slightly increased white blood cell count, due to urinary tract infection by E. coli, but no evidence of a viral infection. The treatment of anemia and E. coli infection did not improve the labial ulcers. Biopsy from the mucosal lesion revealed a nonspecific ulceration with moderate inflammatory infiltration. There was no evidence of infection or malignancy. ZA administration was discontinued and within 3 months the lesions were resolved after treatment with systemic antibiotics (amoxicillin), vitaminsAand E, chlorexidine andH(2)O(2) (hydrogen peroxide) solutions and local pantothenic acid/vitamin A creams. Recurrence was detected a month after ZA re-administration. Nevertheless, after new treatment, the patient was free of oral/skin lesions 18 months later. This case, which is the first report of ulceration associated with intravenous administration of bisphosphonates, suggests that systemic mechanisms may be implicated in BP-induced oral mucosal ulceration. Furthermore, ZA appears to cause the same oral mucosal manifestations as alendronate. This emphasizes the need for oral examination in all cases of BP therapy, whether per os or intravenously administrated.
Expression profiling of colorectal cancer cells reveals inhibition of DNA replication licensing by extracellular calcium; Colorectal cancer is one of the most common cancers in industrialised societies. Epidemiological studies, animal experiments, and randomized clinical trials have shown that dietary factors can influence all stages of colorectal carcinogenesis, from initiation through promotion to progression. Calcium is one of the factors with a chemoprophylactic effect in colorectal cancer. The aim of this study was to understand the molecular mechanisms of the anti-tumorigenic effects of extracellular calcium ([Ca2+](0)) in colon cancer cells.
Dose dependent sun protective effect of topical melatonin: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study; Background: Ultraviolet radiation (UVR) by sul - l>nlight results in an increasing number of skin conditions. Earlier studies have suggested a protective effect of topical treatment with the pineal hormone melatonin. However, this protective effect has never been evaluated in natural sunlight, and the optimal dosing has not been clarified.
Meta-Analysis: Randomized Trials of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> on Immune Regulation Over the Last Decades; Lactobacillus (L.) plantarum strains, belong to lactic acid bacteria group, are considered indispensable probiotics. Here, we performed meta-analysis to evaluate the regulatory effects of L. plantarum on the immunity during clinical trials. This meta-analysis was conducted by searching across four most common literature databases, namely, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Web of Science, Embase, and PubMed. Clinical trial articles that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria were analyzed by Review Manager (version 5.3). p-value < 0.05 of the total effect was considered statistically significant. Finally, total of 677 references were retrieved, among which six references and 18 randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis. The mean differences observed at 95% confidence interval: interleukin (IL)-4, -0.48 pg/mL (-0.79 to -0.17; p < 0.05); IL-10, 9.88 pg/mL (6.52 to 13.2; p < 0.05); tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, -2.34 pg/mL (-3.5 to -1.19; p < 0.05); interferon (IFN)-gamma, -0.99 pg/mL (-1.56 to -0.41; p < 0.05). Therefore, meta-analysis results suggested that L. plantarum could promote host immunity by regulating pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory cytokines.
Chromosome fragility in two sheep flocks exposed to dioxins during pasturage; In the last 3 years several farms raising cattle, river buffalo and sheep have been unable to sell dairy milk due to the presence of high levels of dioxins. Furthermore, several cases of abortion (around 25% of total births) and abnormal foetuses (2.5% of total births) were recorded in two flocks of sheep raised in the province of Naples where a higher level of dioxins (5.27 pg/g fat, as human WHO TCDD equivalent) have been found in the milk mass than that permitted (3.0 pg/g fat, as human WHO TCDD equivalent). Cytogenetic investigations were carried out on 24 sheep (all females), randomly sampled from the two different flocks, one abnormal foetus and 11 female sheep (control) raised similar to80 km from the area where the two exposed flocks were raised. Frequencies of aneuploid cells, gaps, chromatid breaks, chromosome breaks, fragments and sister chromatid exchange (SCE) were determined. While no differences were observed between the number of aneuploid cells (15% of total cell population) of both exposed animals and controls, significant (P < 0.001) increases in the frequencies of other chromosome abnormalities (mean chromosome abnormality/cell = 0.76 +/- 1.1) and SCEs (mean SCE/cell = 9.4 +/- 3.7) were found in the exposed animals, compared with the control (mean chromosome abnormality/cell = 0.18 +/- 0.4; mean SCE/cell = 7.1 +/- 3.0). Significantly higher values of SCEs (mean SCE/cell = 10.9 +/- 4.4) were also found in the abnormal foetus compared with the control. Chemical analyses on soil, grass and water at two sites where the two flocks were pastured established that doses of dioxins (17 different types) were below the legally permitted limits.
STUDIES ON THE ECONOMICS OF TICKS IN ZAMBIA; Two herds of experimental Sanga cattle were maintained under traditional savanna grazing management for three years in the Central Province of Zambia.  One herd was kept free of ticks by regular acaricide treatment, while the other was given no tick control.  Milk production, growth rate, fertility and mortality were monitored throughout the trial.  The tick-free herd performed significantly better than the tick-infested herd, but the value of the additional production was much less than the cost of the acaricide used.  It is concluded that there is no economic justification for intensive tick control under these conditions.  However, strategic tick control would be justified if the quantity of acaricide used could be reduced by 50% without any major reduction in benefits.  The results indicate that treating calves below 45 days of age reduces their performance, as does treating cows during periods of very low tick challenge.  Therefore, it seems likely that economically beneficial strategic tick control policies could be developed.
Dietary intake and risk of postmenopausal breast cancer (United States); Objectives: While there is good evidence from cell-culture and animal studies to indicate that dietary intake impacts breast cancer risk, results of epidermologic studies have been inconsistent. Additionally, while the etiology of breast cancer in premenopausal versus postmenopausal women may be quite different, most studies have not chosen to focus solely on one group or the other. In this case-control Study, we evaluate the associations between red meat, fish, dairy products, and fruits and vegetables, and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular diseases in an Israeli population; Background. Israel is in the Mediterranean basin, but its population immigrated mostly from Europe, Asia, and Africa. We surveyed the adherence of the Israeli Jewish population to Mediterranean Diet (MD) and its association with cardiovascular disease.
Effects of different doses of propofol on the growth and expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins in xenografted tumor of BALB/C mice with liver cancer; Objective To observe the effects of different doses of propofol on the growth of transplanted liver tumor in BALB/C mice and check the expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins to clarify the mechanism on molecule level. Method Human primary liver cancer cells SMMC-7721 were subcutaneously cultured in BALB/C mice, and the transplanted tumor model of BALB/C mice was constructed. Forty mice successfully modeled were randomly divided into 5 groups (n = 8): the blank control group (group C), low-fat milk group (group I), low-dose (50 mg/kg) propofol group (P1), middle-dose (100 mg/kg) propofol group (P2) and high dose (150 mg/kg) propofol group (P3). Tumor volume changes were observed at 3, 6, 9, 12, 15 and 18 days (T1, T2, T3, T4, T5, T6 and T7) before and after administration of the drug, and tumor growth curves were plotted. After 19 days of administration, all mice were killed for tumor collection, tumor weight was measured, and the tumor inhibition rate of propofol was calculated. The protein expression of cluster of differentiation 34 (CD34) in transplanted tumor was detected by immunohistochemistry, and the protein expression of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and phospho-Akt (pAKT) was detected by immunofluorescence. Results Compared with group C, there was no significant difference in tumor volume in group I. At T2 similar to 7, the tumor volume of group P1, P2 and P3 decreased successively (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the inhibitory rate of tumor in group I, and the inhibitory rate of tumor in group P1, P2 and P3 increased successively (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in PCNA, CD34, and pAKT protein expression in group I, while PCNA, CD34, and pAKT protein content in P1, P2, P3 groups were successively decreased (P < 0.05). Conclusion Propofol had a dose-dependent effect on the growth of liver cancer xenografts in mice, inhibiting the expression of PCNA, CD34 and pAKT proteins, and the effect was most obvious in the 150 mg/kg propofol group.
Use of a natural herbal-based feed additive containing isoquinoline alkaloids in newborn calves with cryptosporidiosis; Cryptosporidium infections are one of the most prevalent causes of diarrhea in calves and considered to be one of the major sources of economic loss in livestock production. A global trend is currently underway, in identifying natural and sustainable alternatives to support animal husbandry and production. Isoquinoline alkaloids are known for their anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, and antioxidant properties in the promotion of gut health. Thus, an experiment was designed to evaluate the effects of natural, herbal-based feed isoquinoline alkaloids to support calves experimentally inoculated with Cryptosporidium parvum. Twenty-six calves were randomly divided into control (CN) (n = 13) and treatment (SG) (n = 13) groups. The SG group received 5 g of feed additive in every milk feeding from 1 to 21 days of age. The CN group received milk without any additives. All calves were orally inoculated on the third day of life with 1 x 10(6) Cryptosporidium parvum oocysts. The animals were evaluated daily, from 3 to 30 days of age, for the occurrence, duration, and intensity of diarrhea. Calves with a base deficit of >= 9 mEq/L were hydrated to aid recovery. The SG calves showed a higher average weight gain between 14 and 21 days of age, without mortality and with reduced intensity and duration of diarrhea. In contrast, calves in the CN group showed more serious acid-base disorders, required more hydration support, and had a mortality rate of 15.4 %. These results showed that calves supplemented with isoquinoline alkaloids had decreased intensity and duration of symptoms, reduced requirement for supportive therapy, and prevented mortality among animals.
Beneficial effects of cocoa on lipid peroxidation and inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients and investigation of probable interactions of cocoa active ingredients with prostaglandin synthase-2 (PTGS-2/COX-2) using virtual analysis; Background and aim: Altered glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, lipid levels and inflammatory markers are important risk factors in diabetes, cardiovascular, and many other diseases. Cocoa has been shown to exert antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. The aim of this study is twofold: to assess the effect of Cocoa on the lipid profile and peroxidation in addition to the inflammatory markers in type 2 diabetic patients, and to represent a virtual model of probable action mechanism of observed clinical effects of Cocoa consumption using in silico analysis and bioinformatics data.
Yogurt consumption does not enhance immune function in healthy premenopausal women; Fermented milk products may protect against breast cancer by stimulating immunologic activity. Twenty-five women [24.0 +/- 0.7 (SE) yr] were assigned randomly to two groups. control (n = 12) and yogurt treatment (n = 13). Controls refrained from yogurt products for three months, whereas the yogurt treatment group consumed two cups (454 g/day) of commercially produced yogurt for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4-6 cups/mo, and subjects consumed their usual diet during the study. Three-day diet records and fasting midluteal blood samples were obtained during subjects' first, second, and fourth menstrual cycles (baseline, Month I, and Month 3, respectively). Macronutrient intakes differed between groups only for carbohydrate. Calcium intake increased for yogurt consumers during intervention. Lymphocyte proliferation induced by concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, and pokeweed mitogen, interleukin 2 production, and cytotoxic T lymphocyte-mediated cytotoxicity was assessed after baseline and Months I and 3 for both groups. No significant immune differences between the control and yoghurt treatment group were observed for concanavalin A, phytohemagglutinin, pokeweed mitogen, interleukin-a, or cytotoxicity. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not enhance ex vivo cell-mediated immune function in young women.
Comparative effectiveness of chemopreventive interventions for colorectal cancer: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; Background: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide and is associated with substantial socioeconomic burden. Despite considerable research, including numerous randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and systematic reviews assessed the effect of various chemopreventive interventions for CRC, there remains uncertainty regarding the comparative effectiveness of these agents. No network meta-analytic study has been published to evaluate the efficacies of these agents for CRC. Therefore, the aim of this study is to summarise the direct and indirect evidence for these interventions to prevent CRC in average-high risk individuals, and to rank these agents for practical consideration.
EMLA reduces acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer; Background and Objectives: A significant percentage of women undergoing breast surgery for cancer may develop neuropathic pain in the chest, and/or ipsilateral axilla and/or upper medial arm, with impairment in performing daily occupational activities. We designed this study to determine if the perioperative application of EMLA (eutectic mixture of local anesthetics; AstraZeneca) cream in the breast and axilla area reduces analgesic requirements, as well as the acute and chronic pain after breast surgery.
Prophylactic use of an ultra-diluted complex on health, metabolism, and performance of weaned Holstein calves and its carryover effect up to first lactation; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of an ultra-diluted complex supplemented as a prophylactic strategy on the incidence risk of diseases, metabolism, and performance of weaned Holstein calves immediately after grouping. Additionally, the objective was to investigate the carryover effects on heifer-raising and first-lactation periods, in a double-blind, placebocontrolled trial. A total of 184 weaned Holstein calves (83 +/- 7.9 d of life; 112.5 +/- 11.7 kg of body weight; values are mean +/- standard deviation) were allocated to 8 paddocks in a completely randomized block design experiment. During a 112-d period, animals received a total mixed ration arid were randomly allocated into 2 groups: (1) CON: placebo-control (basal diet + calcium carbonate, top-dressed at 30 g/animal per day of placebo), or (2) UD: ultra-diluted complex (basal diet + TopVita-Real H, top-dressed at 30 g/anirnal per day of sulfur (10(-60)) + viola tricolor (10(-14)) + caladium seguinum (10 (-30)) + zincum oxydatum (10(-30)) + phosphorus (10(-60)) + carduus marianus (10(-60)) + colibacillinum (10(-30)) + podophyllum (10(-30)) + vehicle: calcium carbonate; quantum sufficit 1 kg). Incidence risk of diseases, number of days with disease, and mortality events were recorded daily. Performance measurements and blood collection were carried out at enrollment and every 28 d until the end of the study period. The incidence risk of digestive problems was higher for the CON group. Additionally, the CON group had higher cumulative number of days per calf affected by tick-borne disease. Blood analysis revealed that CON calves had increased mean corpuscular hemoglobin amount and concentration than UD calves on d 28 after enrollment arid had increased serum albumin and total protein concentration on d 84. Furthermore, higher albumin to globulin ratio was found in CON calves than in those of UD group at enrollment; however, on d 56, the inverse was observed. On d 28 after enrollment, CON calves had increased serum cortisol concentration. Regarding body measurements, higher withers height and body depth were detected in UD calves, on d 28 and d 84, respectively. Finally, higher culling risk was observed in the CON group during the heifer-raising period. In conclusion, a lower incidence risk of digestive problems and days with tick-borne disease were detected in the UD group. Additionally, systemic inflammation was improved by UD complex based on circulating inflammation and stress biomarkers on specific days after enrollment. However, UD product did not improve performance at the post-weaning, heifer-raising, and first-lactation periods.
Effect of probiotic yoghurt on animal-based diet-induced change in gut microbiota: an open, randomised, parallel-group study; Diet has a significant influence on the intestinal environment. In this study, we assessed changes in the faecal microbiota induced by an animal-based diet and the effect of the ingestion of yoghurt supplemented with a probiotic strain on these changes. In total, 33 subjects were enrolled in an open, randomised, parallel-group study. After a seven-day pre-observation period, the subjects were allocated into three groups (11 subjects in each group). All of the subjects were provided with an animal-based diet for five days, followed by a balanced diet for 14 days. Subjects in the first group ingested dairy in the form of 200 g of yoghurt supplemented with Bifidobacterium longum during both the animal-based and balanced diet periods (YAB group). Subjects in the second group ingested yoghurt only during the balanced diet period (YB group). Subjects who did not ingest yoghurt throughout the intervention were used as the control (CTR) group. Faecal samples were collected before and after the animal-based diet was provided and after the balanced diet was provided, followed by analysis by high-throughput sequencing of amplicons derived from the V3-V4 region of the 16S rRNA gene. In the YB and CTR groups, the animal-based diet caused a significant increase in the relative abundance of Bilophila, Odoribacter, Dorea and Ruminococcus (belonging to Lachnospiraceae) and a significant decrease in the level of Bifidobacterium after five days of intake. With the exception of Ruminococcus, these changes were not observed in the YAB group. No significant effect was induced by yoghurt supplementation following an animal-based diet (YB group vs CTR group). These results suggest that the intake of yoghurt supplemented with bifidobacteria played a role in maintaining a normal microbiota composition during the ingestion of a meat-based diet.
EXPERIMENTAL HEPATIC TUMOR NECROSIS - COMPARISON OF SPIN-ECHO AND PULSED MAGNETIZATION-TRANSFER CONTRAST MAGNETIC-RESONANCE-IMAGING; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES. We compared the effectiveness of pulsed magnetization transfer contrast (MTC) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and spin-echo MRI in detecting tumor necrosis.
Sire contribution to pregnancy loss and pregnancy-associated glycoprotein production in Nelore cows; Pregnancy loss is a major contributing factor to reproductive inefficiency in both the beef and dairy industries. Sires can have a significant influence on the amount of pregnancy loss; however, this relationship is still poorly investigated. The primary objective of this study was to identify sires associated with high or low incidence of pregnancy loss (between d 30 and 100 of gestation) and investigate their effect on concentration of circulating pregnancy-associated glycoproteins (PAGs). Postpartum multiparous Nelore cows were inseminated artificially at a fixed time (FTAI, d 0) after synchronization of ovulation. A total of 736 cows were assigned randomly to be inseminated with semen from either of 6 Angus sires, whereas a separate subset of 492 cows were inseminated randomly with semen from either of 3 Nelore (n = 235) or either of 2 Angus sires (n = 257). Estrus expression was evaluated on d 0 using Estrotect Heat Detector patches. Blood samples were collected on d 30 of gestation for quantification of PAGs and pregnancy diagnosis was performed by ultrasound on d 30 and 100 after FTAI. Cows diagnosed pregnant at the first examination but not pregnant at the second were defined to have pregnancy loss. Overall pregnancy rate at d 30 was 54% (660/1,228) and pregnancy loss was 6.21% (41/660). Cows receiving semen from Nelore sires had greater (P < 0.001) pregnancy rate, greater (P = 0.014) pregnancy loss, and lesser (P = 0.002) PAG concentrations at d 30 of gestation compared with cows receiving Angus semen. Circulating PAG concentrations were lower (P = 0.008) in cows that had pregnancy loss (9.76 +/- 0.25 vs. 7.41 +/- 1.02 ng/mL). Angus sires were retrospectively classified according to percentage of pregnancy loss as either high pregnancy loss (mean of 7.25% or 67% of total) or low pregnancy loss (mean of 3.93% or 33% of total). Cows receiving semen from high pregnancy loss sires had 1.9 times greater (P = 0.123) rate of pregnancy loss and had lower (P = 0.059) PAG concentrations at d 30 of gestation compared with cows mated to low pregnancy loss sires. In summary, PAG concentrations reflected probability of pregnancy maintenance and were influenced by both sire and sire breed used at FTAI. Variation in the incidence of pregnancy loss was detected among sires that could not be predicted with standard semen fertility evaluations. Exploring the relationship of sire and PAG production might be promising to improve sire selection with regard to pregnancy loss.
Evaluation of oral administration of bacteriophages to neonatal calves: Phage survival and impact on fecal <i>Escherichia coli</i>; Diarrhea is an important cause of morbidity and mortality in neonatal calves. Several enteropathogens are associated with diarrhea in young calves, with Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC) infection being the most common type of colibacillosis. The rise of antibiotic resistance in a number of medically important bacterial pathogens has revived interest in the use of bacteriophages as anti-bacterial therapeutic agents. Here we describe the results of a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded study designed to evaluate the effect of an oral bacteriophage cocktail on fecal E. coli colony-forming units (CFU). Ten calves were enrolled in the study to either the bacteriophage group or the placebo group for 22 feedings. Calves in the bacteriophage treatment group (n = 6) received a total of 10(6) plaque-forming units (PFU) (volume = 5 ml) of each of four bacteriophages while the placebo group (n = 4) received only phosphate-buffered saline (5 ml). Fresh fecal samples and blood samples were collected daily from each calf and analyzed for bacterial count and presence of bacteriophage. E. coli-infecting phages were recovered from all phage-treated calves at concentrations of 10(2) to 10(3) PFU per gram of rectal contents, but none was detected in serum. Phage treatment caused a reduction in fecal E coli when compared to the control group: the mean log CFU for the placebo-treated group was 9.25 (SE = 0.42) versus 9.11 (SE = 034) for the phage-treated group, but the difference was not statistically significant. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
IMMUNOLOGICAL THERAPY OF BREAST-CANCER - CURRENT STATUS AND FUTURE POTENTIAL; Clinical trials of immunotherapy in patients with breast cancer have been limited. Although immune function does not appear to be depressed in patients with operable breast cancer, immune function may play a role in preventing tumour recurrence in such patients. For example, 2 features associated with an adverse prognosis include peripheral blood lymphocytopenia and lack of reactivity against autologous tumour in skin windows.
Phenotypic trends in incidence of stillbirth for Holsteins in the United States; The objectives for this study were to determine 1) if there was a trend in stillbirths for the U.S. Holstein population, 2) if stillbirths are the same trait in primiparous and multiparous cows, and 3) what was the role of dystocia in stillbirths. A sample of 666,341 births from the MidStates Dairy Records Processing Center and the National Association of Animal Breeders was used to examine the influence of sire, herd, year, season, sex of calf, parity of dam, calving ease, and gestation length on the survival of the calf. Parity was scored as an ordered Variable (1, 2, 3+). Calving ease was scored on a scale of 1 (no assistance) to 3+ (needed assistance). An increasing trend in stillbirths was found in primiparous and multiparous cows. The percentage of stillborn calves in primiparous cows increased from 9.5 in 1985 to 13.2 in 1996. Stillbirths in multiparous cows increased from 5.0 to 6.6% from 1985 to 1996. Variation about the trend was greater in primiparous cows than in multiparous cows. Dystocia was a major determinant of stillbirth incidence, but the association was stronger in primiparous cows. Sex of calf had different associations with stillbirth incidence in primiparous and multiparous cows. Gestation length and season of birth also had significant associations with stillbirth incidence. Logistic regression models with fixed and random effects were fit to the data to preserve the binary nature of the stillbirth response. The expected probability of stillbirths for an average herd and sire was 10% for primiparous cows and 5% for multiparous cows. Replacement of stillborn calves is a substantial cost to the dairy industry at more than $125.3 million per year. Because of the increasing incidence of stillbirths, these costs have increased by $75.9 million from 1985 to 1996.
Assessing Expandable Global Positioning System Collars for Moose Neonates; Deploying Global Positioning System (GPS) collars on ungulate neonates would offer notable advantages to examining their life history and influence on population performance. During 2013 and 2014, we deployed expandable GPS collars on 74 moose (Alces alces) neonates in Minnesota, USA, to estimate survival and cause-specific mortality during their first year. Collars slipped from 10.5% and 62.5% of calves at 15.8 (+/- 4.5 [SE]) and 27.9 (+/- 8.1) days postcapture in 2013 and 2014, respectively, from premature deterioration of the breakaway mechanism or excessive band expansion. We conducted various controlled tests on the bands to quantify potential design flaws. We placed 8 bands (with GPS package) around a polyvinyl chloride (PVC) pipe outdoors (exposed to weather) with clear plastic tubing (sleeve) to prevent neck abrasions, 7 collars outdoors with no sleeve, and 7 collars indoors with no sleeve. We dropped each pipe 10 cm 50 times in the morning and in the afternoon daily for 4 weeks to simulate animal movement and test elastic memory. Circumference of bands from the 3 treatment groups increased 14.6 (+/- 2.5), 8.5 (+/- 2.9), and 3.9 (+/- 2.4) cm, respectively, with 41.9% attributed to the sleeve, 26.9% to simulated animal movement, and 31.2% to weather exposure. Circumference of control group bands (indoors, not bounced) did not change. After design modifications were made to the collar, the band length increased only 1.5 +/- 0.6 cm during a 4-week trial. Subsequently, we placed 6 of these collars on confined and sheltered Holstein dairy calves; 5 retained their collar during an 8-week test. After increasing the strength of the expandable loops via sewing, we placed 4 collars on pastured Angus beef calves. Three of 4 slipped their collars at 42.4 (+/- 8.9) days. Our results indicate additional modifications of the band are needed before GPS-collaring of moose neonates is resumed. (C) 2018 The Wildlife Society.
Effects of the Src Kinase Inhibitor Saracatinib (AZD0530) on Bone Turnover in Healthy Men: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multiple-Ascending-Dose Phase I Trial; Src is a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase thought to be essential for osteoclast function and bone resorption. We investigated the effect of the orally available Src inhibitor saracatinib (AZD0530) on bone turnover in healthy men. The study was part of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multiple-ascending-dose phase I trial of saracatinib. Fifty-nine healthy men (mean age 34.6 years) were divided into five cohorts; four with 12 subjects and one with 11 subjects, and randomized within each cohort in the ratio 3:1 to receive a single dose of saracatinib or placebo, respectively, followed 7 to 10 days later with daily doses for a further 10 to 14 days. Dosing levels of saracatinib ascended by cohort (60 to 250 mg). Markers of bone turnover were measured predose and 24 and 48 hours after the initial single dose and immediately before and 24 and 48 hours and 10 to 14 days after the final dose. Data from 44 subjects were included in the analysis. There was a dose-dependent decrease in bone resorption markers [serum cross-linked C-telopeptide of type I collagen (sCTX) and urinary cross-linked N-telopeptide of type I collagen normalized to creatinine (uNTX/Cr)]. At a dose of 250 mg (maximum tolerated dose), sCTX decreased by 88% [95% confidence interval (Cl) 84-91%] and uNTX/Cr decreased by 67% (95% Cl 53-77%) from baseline 24 hours after the final dose. There was no significant effect on bone formation markers. There were no significant adverse events. We conclude that inhibition. of Src reduces osteoclastic bone resorption in humans. Saracatinib is a potentially useful treatment for diseases characterized by increased bone resorption, such as metastatic bone disease and osteoporosis. (C) 2010 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research:
Vitamin D Intake and the Risk of Colorectal Cancer: An Updated Meta-Analysis and Systematic Review of Case-Control and Prospective Cohort Studies; Simple Summary
Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy for maternal and newborn outcomes; Background
SUPERANTIGENS OF MOUSE MAMMARY-TUMOR VIRUS; Superantigens (SAgs) are proteins of microbial origin that bind to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class II molecules and stimulate T cells via interaction with the VB domain of the T cell receptor (TCR). Mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) is a milk-transmitted type B retrovirus that encodes a SAg in its 3' long terminal repeat. Upon MMTV infection, B cells present SAg to the appropriate T cell subset, which leads to a strong ''cognate'' T-B interaction. This immune reaction results in preferential clonal expansion of infected B cells and differentiation of some of these cells into long-lived memory cells. In this way a stable MMTV infection is achieved that ultimately results in infection of the mammary gland and virus transmission via milk. Thus, in contrast to many microorganisms that attempt to evade the host immune system (reviewed in I), MMTV depends upon a strong SAg-induced immune response for its survival.
A case-control study of galactose consumption and metabolism in relation to ovarian cancer; Consumption or metabolism of dairy sugar and ovarian cancer have been linked based on evidence that galactose may be toxic to ovarian germ cells and that ovarian cancer is induced in animals by depletion of oocytes. We assessed consumption of dairy products and obtained blood for biochemical and molecular genetic assessment of galactose metabolism in 563 women with newly diagnosed epithelial ovarian cancer and 523 control women selected either by random digit dialing or through lists of residents in eastern Massachusetts and New Hampshire, We observed no significant differences between cases and controls in usual consumption of various types of dairy products or total daily lactose (the principal source of galactose in the diet); nor did we find that RBC activity of either galactose-l-phosphate uridyl transferase (GALT) or galactokinase differed. The mean land SE) activity of uridine diphospho-galactose 4'-epimerase tin micromoles per hour per gram of hemoglobin) was, however, significantly lower (P < 0.005) in cases compared with controls, 20.32 (0.31) versus 21.64 (0.36). Ovarian cancer cases were also more likely to carry the N314D polymorphism of the GALT gene, generally predisposing to lower GALT activity. The difference was most evident for endometrioid and clear cell types of ovarian cancer, in which 3.9% of cases were found to be homozygous for N314D compared with 0.4% of controls, yielding an odds ratio and 95% confidence interval of 14.17 (2.62-76.60). We conclude that, whereas adult consumption of lactose carries no clear risk for the disease, certain genetic or biochemical features of galactose metabolism may influence disease risk for particular types of ovarian cancer.
Nutritional metabolomics and breast cancer risk in a prospective study; Background: The epidemiologic evidence for associations between dietary factors and breast cancer is weak and etiologic mechanisms are often unclear. Exploring the role of dietary biomarkers with metabolomics can potentially facilitate objective dietary characterization, mitigate errors related to self-reported diet, agnostically test metabolic pathways, and identify mechanistic mediators.
Is breakfast consumption detrimental, unnecessary, or an opportunity for health promotion? A review of cardiometabolic outcomes and functional food choices; Breakfast consumption is generally considered a health-promoting habit for cardiometabolism, particularly with regard to chrononutrition. Glucose uptake is enhanced by proper insulin secretion triggered by the pancreatic clock, averting metabolic dysregulation related to insulin resistance. Breakfast skipping, in turn, is often considered a behaviour detrimental to health, in part due to putative inverse metabolic actions compared to breakfast consumption, such that breakfast skipping may promote circadian desynchrony. However, most ill health concerns about breakfast skipping are inferred from observational research, and recent well-controlled randomized clinical trials have shown benefits of breakfast skipping for cardiovascular risk factors. Accordingly, this review describes the effects of breakfast consumption versus breakfast skipping on cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure and glycaemic and lipid indices). In addition, the view of breakfast consumption as an opportunity for functional food ingestion is considered to provide further insights into decision-making practice. Collectively, both breakfast consumption and breakfast skipping can be considered viable habits, but they depend on individual preferences, planning, and the specific foods being consumed or omitted. When consumed, breakfast should consist primarily of functional foods typical for this meal (e.g., eggs, dairy products, nuts, fruits, whole grains, coffee, tea, etc.). While breakfast consumption aligns with chrononutrition principles, breakfast skipping can contribute to a calorie deficit over time, which has the potential for widespread cardiometabolic benefits for patients with overweight/obesity. The concepts and practical considerations discussed in the present review may aid health care personnel in personalising breakfast consumption recommendations for diverse patient populations.
Validation of Self-Reported Power Take-Off Shielding Using On-Site Farm Audits; Despite the substantial contribution of power take-off (PTO) entanglements to workplace morbidity and mortality among agricultural workers, the degree of proper PTO shielding on U.S. farms remains poorly characterized. Sampling from the New York data of the USDA National Agricultural Statistical Service (NASS), at least 200 each of dairy, livestock, crop, fruit, and vegetable farms were surveyed by phone to determine the extent of proper PTO shielding. In the same year, on-site audits were performed at 211 randomly selected New York livestock and dairy farms using a four-point scale to assess PTO shielding. Supplemental data were gathered on farm acreage, number of livestock, principal commodity, and operator experience. The phone survey data for livestock and dairy farms were then compared to the on-farm audit data. In the phone survey, 72.5%of farms reported having shields on all implements. The mean percentage of implements reported to be shielded was 90.2%. By on-farm audit, 10% of farms had all implements properly shielded, and the mean percentage of properly shielded implements was 56.7%, with shielding rates differing widely for different classes of implements. No significant predictors of PTO shielding were identified. The phone survey greatly overestimated proper PTO shielding rates when compared with the on-farm audits. These data suggest a lower level of proper shielding among farmers than is mandated by current industry safety standards. The results also identify a principal weakness of phone surveys in accurately assessing the true magnitude of on-farm risk for PTO entanglement.
LONG TERM ADMINISTRATION OF EXOGENOUS OXYTOCIN: EFFECTS ON PREGNANCY RATE, AND EMBRYONIC AND FETAL LOSSES IN NILI-RAVI BUFFALOES; It is a common perception among dairy farmers in Pakistan that oxytocin (OT) injection negatively effects on buffalo reproduction parameters. Therefore, current study was conducted to investigate the outcomes of OT on numbers of AI per conception, pregnancy rate, embryonic and fetal losses (EFL). For this purpose, Nili-Ravi buffaloes (n=23) were randomly divided into three groups, G1; n=7 (control), G2; n=8 (low dose 10 i.u.) and G3; n=8 (high dose 30 i.u.). The OT injection was given twice daily at morning and evening milking until 154 days post calving. At heat, AI was performed. Ultrasonography and blood sampling were done on days 30, 45 and 60 post AI to monitor pregnancy and progesterone, respectively. Results showed significant (P <= 0.05) increase of AI services per conception in G2 & G3 as compared to G1. Furthermore, results revealed that chances of the animals to become pregnant were 0.227 and 0.094 times in low (G2) and high doses (G3) in comparison to control (G1), respectively, and was lower significantly (P <= 0.05). Similarly, pregnancy rate was remained unaffected and was non-significant (P>0.05) on day 45 vs day 30. However, it was significantly (P <= 0.05) lower on day 60 vs day 30. Overall, pregnancy rate was decreased (P <= 0.05) in oxytocin treatments comparable to control. Parity and days in milk had no significant effect on pregnancy rate among treatments (G1, G2 and G3), respectively. Moreover, EFL losses were non-significant (P>0.05) among treatments but losses trend was more in G2 & G3 parallel to G1. Result also showed non-significant (P>0.05) decrease in P4 on days 30 and 45 while significant (P <= 0.05) on day 60 in G2 & G3 as compared to G1 among treatment groups. It may be concluded that long term OT injections of both low and high doses cause significant losses in terms of increase in AI services per conception and decrease pregnancy rate with higher EFL in Nili-Ravi buffaloes.
Effect of single oroesophageal feeding of 3 L versus 4 L of colostrum on absorption of colostral IgG in Holstein bull calves; Ingestion and absorption of colostral immunoglobulins is essential for survival of dairy calves. The hypothesis put forward in this study was that large colostral volumes (4 L) reduce absorption of colostral immunoglobulin by reducing apparent efficiency of absorption of immunoglobulins compared to smaller colostral volumes (3 L), when colostrum is fed once by oroesophageal tubing. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of colostral volume on apparent efficiency of absorption (AEA) of colostral immunoglobulin G (IgG) when calves are fed 3 L compared to 4 L of colostrum. Twenty-eight, age-matched Holstein bull calves aged between 2 and 8 h were randomly assigned to receive 3 L or 4 L of colostrum with similar colostral IgG concentration, once, by oroesophageal tubing. Serum IgG concentration at 48 h of age and AEA of IgG were compared between the two groups. The results of the study showed that there was no difference in the serum IgG concentrations at 48 h of age or AEA of IgG between the groups (P > 0.05). The results of this study suggest that dairy producers can save colostrum by feeding 3 L of colostrum when calves are fed once by oroesophageal tubing. There seems to be no added practical benefit in feeding 4 L of colostrum compared to 3 L when colostrum is fed once. Studies with larger sample sizes are required to compare mortalities up to weaning between groups of dairy calves fed 31 compared to 4 L of colostrum. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomized comparative study of tolerance and satisfaction in the treatment of actinic keratosis of the face and scalp between 5% imiquimod cream and photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolaevulinate; P>Background
Cancer risk with topical calcineurin inhibitors, pimecrolimus and tacrolimus, for atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Atopic dermatitis is a prevalent condition in children and can be effectively managed with medications such as topical calcineurin inhibitors (pimecrolimus or tacrolimus). A key unresolved safety concern is whether use of topical calcineurin inhibitors is associated with cancer. We systematically reviewed the risk of cancer in patients with atopic dermatitis exposed to topical calcineurin inhibitors.
Ingestion of Steamed and Dehydrated Placenta Capsules Does Not Affect Postpartum Plasma Prolactin Levels or Neonatal Weight Gain: Results from a Randomized, Double-Bind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Study; Introduction Clinical studies conducted in the early to mid-twentieth century, and recent self-reports by some maternal placentophagy practitioners, suggest that human maternal placentophagy improves breast milk quality and quantity, although little research has evaluated this claim. Some placentophagy providers and advocates suggest that increased prolactin levels after placenta ingestion could account for the purported lactation benefits. The current study was conducted to evaluate these claims by comparing plasma prolactin levels of women consuming steamed, dehydrated, and encapsulated placenta with those of women consuming a placebo. Neonatal weight gain was also compared between the 2 groups. Methods A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot trial was conducted in which postpartum women (N = 27) were given a supplement containing their dehydrated placenta (n = 12) or placebo (n = 15). Plasma prolactin concentrations were measured 4 times across late pregnancy and early postpartum, and neonatal weights were recorded 3 times over the first 3 weeks postpartum. Results The results showed no statistically significant (P < .05) differences in either plasma prolactin levels or neonatal weight gain between groups. Discussion Maternal consumption of steamed, dehydrated, and encapsulated placenta postpartum does not appear to affect maternal postpartum prolactin or neonatal weight in the first 3 weeks postpartum. Further research is needed to investigate the possible effects of variation in placenta preparation methods or daily intake on human lactation.
Whey Protein Intervention and Inflammatory Factors and Oxidative Stress: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Context Whey protein (WP), a high-biological-value protein contained in milk, may have anti-inflammatory properties and can reduce proinflammatory cytokines; however, the current evidence is inconclusive.Objective The aim of this study was to further investigate the effects of whey protein supplementation on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress in adults.Data Sources We conducted a comprehensive search up to March 2022 using relevant key words in databases such as PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, focusing on randomized controlled trials (RCTs).Data Extraction RCTs that examined the impact of WP on C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, glutathione, malondialdehyde, and total antioxidant capacity were selected independently by 2 authors. Results were pooled using a random-effects model as weighted mean differences and 95% CIs.Data Analysis The results of the present study demonstrated that WP supplementation had no significant effect on the modulation of inflammation and oxidative stress compared with the control. None of the predefined subgroup analyses explained the differences in the effects of WP supplementation on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress.Conclusion This research suggests that WP supplementation had no significant effect on inflammatory factors and oxidative stress.Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. CRD42022325855.
A double-blind, vehicle-controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of MAS065D (XCLAIR™), a hyaluronic acid-based formulation, in the management of radiation-induced dermatitis; This study was designed to assess the efficacy and tolerability of MAS065D (Xclair (TM)) compared to a vehicle control in the management of radiation dermatitis in patients receiving radiotherapy for breast cancer. Twenty patients were randomized blindly to use the two study substances, three times daily, on separate sections of irradiated skin throughout the duration of radiotherapy and for two weeks afterwards. Patients were monitored before therapy, weekly during therapy, and for 2 weeks after radiotherapy was completed. Skin appearance according to National Cancer Institute (NCI) toxicity criteria, erythema rating, transepidermal water loss (TEWL), skin hydration, patients' view of itch, pain, acceptance, and view of each cream and adverse events, were monitored; at the final visit patients and investigators expressed their preference for one of the creams. MAS065D showed statistically significant superiority in the outcomes of NCI grading for radiation dermatitis and erythema. Patients' and investigators' preferences for one of the study substances were statistically in favor of MAS065D. Very few patients recorded nonzero itch and pain scales, so no significant differences emerged between the two groups. It was concluded that MAS065D can provide an effective option for managing radiation dermatitis although further studies are needed to assess its effect on pain and itch.
Topical methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy <i>versus</i> cryotherapy for superficial basal cell carcinoma:: a 5 year randomized trial; This multicentre, randomized study compared photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL PDT), a non-invasive modality, with cryotherapy for treatment of superficial basal cell carcinoma. Sixty patients with 114 lesions were treated with MAL cream (160 mg/g) applied for 3 hours before illumination (570-670 nm, light dose 75 J/cm) (I session), and 58 with 105 lesions received cryotherapy (2 freeze-thaw cycles). Patients with an incomplete response at 3 months received 2 further MAL PDT sessions (n = 20) or repeat cryotherapy (n = 16). 100 lesions treated with MAL PDT and 93 lesions treated with cryotherapy were in complete response at 3 months after the last treatment and evaluable for recurrence over 5 years. There was no difference in 5-year recurrence rates with either treatment (20% with cryotherapy vs. 22% with MAL PDT, p = 0.86). However, more patients had an excellent cosmetic outcome with MAL PDT (60% vs. 16% with cryotherapy, p = 0.00078). These results provide support for the use of MAL PDT as a non-invasive, selective treatment alternative for primary superficial basal cell carcinoma.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review; The effects of both the amount and quality of dietary fat have been studied intensively during the past decades. Previously, low-fat diets were recommended without much attention to the quality of fat, whereas there is general emphasis on the quality of fat in current guidelines. The objective of this systematic review (SR) was to assess the evidence of an effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on body weight (BW), risk factors, and risk of non-communicable diseases, that is, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and cancer in healthy subjects or subjects at risk for these diseases. This work was performed in the process of updating the fourth edition of the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations from 2004. The literature search was performed in October 2010 covering articles published since January 2000. A complementary search was done in February 2012 covering literature until December 2011. Two authors independently selected articles for inclusion from a total of about 16,000 abstracts according to predefined criteria. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) and prospective cohort studies (PCS) were included as well as nested case control studies. A few retrospective case control studies were also included when limited or no data were available from other study types. Altogether 607 articles were quality graded and the observed effects in these papers were summarized. Convincing evidence was found that partial replacement of saturated fat (SFA) with polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) or monounsaturated fat (MUFA) lowers fasting serum/plasma total and LDL cholesterol concentrations. The evidence was probable for a decreasing effect of fish oil on concentration of serum/plasma total triglycerides as compared with MUFA. Beneficial effect of MUFA both on insulin sensitivity and fasting plasma/serum insulin concentration was considered as probable in comparisons of MUFA and carbohydrates versus SFA, whereas no effect was found on fasting glucose concentration in these comparisons. There was probable evidence for a moderate direct association between total fat intake and BW. Furthermore, there was convincing evidence that partial replacement of SFA with PUFA decreases the risk of CVD, especially in men. This finding was supported by an association with biomarkers of PUFA intake; the evidence of a beneficial effect of dietary total PUFA, n-6 PUFA, and linoleic acid (LA) on CVD mortality was limited suggestive. Evidence for a direct association between total fat intake and risk of T2DM was inconclusive, whereas there was limited-suggestive evidence from biomarker studies that LA is inversely associated with the risk of T2DM. However, there was limited-suggestive evidence in biomarker studies that odd-chain SFA found in milk fat and fish may be inversely related to T2DM, but these associations have not been supported by controlled studies. The evidence for an association between dietary n-3 PUFA and T2DM was inconclusive. Evidence for effects of fat on major types of cancer was inconclusive regarding both the amount and quality of dietary fat, except for prostate cancer where there was limited-suggestive evidence for an inverse association with intake of ALA and for ovarian cancer for which there was limited-suggestive evidence for a positive association with intake of SFA. This SR reviewed a large number of studies focusing on several different health outcomes. The time period covered by the search may not have allowed obtaining the full picture of the evidence in all areas covered by this SR.
Associations between six dietary habits and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma: A Mendelian randomization study; Diet is reported to be associated with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), but whether there is a causal relationship remains unclear. This study aimed to explore the potential causal associations between dietary habits and HCC risk using Mendelian randomization in an East Asian population. From the BioBank Japan, we obtained summary-level genome-wide association studies data for the following six dietary habits: ever/never drinker (n = 165,084), alcohol consumption (n = 58,610), coffee consumption (n = 152,634), tea consumption (n = 152,653), milk consumption (n = 152,965), and yoghurt consumption (n = 152,097). We also obtained data on HCC (1866 cases and 195,745 controls). Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that were associated with exposures (p < 5 x 10(-8)) were selected as instrumental variables (IVs). Five, two, and six SNPs were identified for ever/never drinkers, alcohol consumption, and coffee consumption. One SNP was used for consumption of tea, milk, and yoghurt. The odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by inverse variance weighted (for an IV with more than one SNP) or Wald ratio (for an IV with one SNP). Ever/never drinkers (OR, 1.11; 95% CI, 1.05-1.18; p < 0.001) and alcohol consumption (OR, 1.57; 95% CI, 1.32-1.86; p < 0.001) were positively associated with HCC risk. Conversely, coffee consumption was inversely related to HCC risk (OR, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.53-0.90; p = 0.007). Similar inverse associations were observed for consumption of tea, milk, and yoghurt, with ORs (95% CIs) of 0.11 (0.05-0.26), 0.18 (0.09-0.34), and 0.18 (0.09-0.34), respectively (all p < 0.001). Conclusion: There are potential causal associations between six dietary habits and HCC risk. Our findings inform clinical practice by providing evidence on the impact of dietary habits on HCC.
Associations Between Dietary Patterns and Subclinical Cardiac Injury An Observational Analysis From the DASH Trial; Background: The DASH diet has been found to lower blood pressure (BP) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
What do review papers conclude about food and dietary patterns?; Nutrients and other bioactive constituents of foods may interact with each other and the surrounding food matrix in complex ways. Therefore, associations between single nutrients and chronic disease may be difficult to identify and interpret, but when dietary patterns (DPs) are examined the combination of many food factors will be considered. An explorative literature search of published review articles was conducted to obtain a fuller understanding of current DPs in epidemiological research, to discuss pros and cons of DPs in nutrition research, and to identify results of studies linking DPs to chronic disease risk in adults. Randomized feeding trials providing the experimental diets to study participants have repeatedly demonstrated that diets based on current dietary recommendations are associated with important health benefits. Systematic reviews of feeding trials and prospective population studies of DPs and chronic disease risk reach similar conclusions regardless of the methodology used to construct DPs. However, to date only a few review articles of DP studies have followed a systematic process using independent reviewers with strict inclusion, exclusion, and study quality criteria. Diets with plenty of plants foods, fish, and seafood that preferably include vegetable oils and low-fat dairy products are associated with a lower risk of most chronic diseases. In contrast, Western-type DPs with food products low in essential nutrients and high in energy, like sugar-sweetened beverages, sweets, refined cereals and solid fats (e.g. butter), and high in red and processed meats, are associated with adverse health effects. An emphasis on high-quality original research, and systematic reviews following a structured process to objectively select and judge studies, is needed in order to enforce a strong future knowledge base regarding DPs and chronic disease.
Topical Cannabinoids for Treating Chemotherapy-Induced Neuropathy: A Case Series; Background Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy is a common and often severe side effect from many chemotherapeutic agents, with limited treatment options. There is no literature on the use of topical cannabinoids for chemotherapy-induced neuropathy. Case Presentations The current manuscript presents a case series of patients presenting in oncology clinics at Sutter Health, CA and Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN from April 2019 to December 2020 with chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy who used topical creams containing the cannabinoids delta-nine-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and/or cannabidiol (CBD). Conclusions This case series suggests that topical cannabinoids may be helpful for patients with chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy. This paper also discusses the potential mechanisms of action by which topical cannabinoids might alleviate established CIPN symptoms. A randomized placebo-controlled trial using a standardized product is planned to study the actual efficacy of such treatment.
Nutritional factors in stroke; Observational studies support the role of modifying lifestyle-related risk factors such as diet, physical activity and alcohol use in stroke prevention. For example, increased Na intake is associated with hypertension, and reduction in salt consumption may significantly lower blood pressure and may reduce stroke mortality. Moderately elevated homocysteine levels may be associated with stroke and are associated with deficiency of dietary intake of folate, vitamin B-6 and vitamin B-12. Consumption of a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, folate, K, Ca, Mg, dietary fibre, fish and milk may protect against stroke. Regular physical activity may also protect against stroke through its role in controlling various risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus and obesity. The role of fat intake as a risk factor for stroke remains uncertain, whereas the association between stroke and cholesterol has more convincingly been demonstrated by the recent intervention trials using statins. There is also evidence that a low serum albumin may be causally linked to stroke risk and outcome and that a significant number of stroke patients are undernourished on admission and their nutritional status deteriorates further whilst in hospital. Undernutrition is associated with increasing morbidity and mortality and nutritional supplements may have some beneficial effect on some outcome measures.
Evaluating adherence to recommended diets in adults 1991-2015: revised China dietary guidelines index; Background The China Dietary Guidelines Index (CDGI) is a diet quality evaluation index that can present the overall diet quality and is comparable between individuals. The aim of this study was to revise CDGI for Chinese adults according to the Chinese Dietary Guidelines 2016 (CDG-2016), evaluate adherence to recommended diets between 1991 and 2015, and analyze the trend, variation, and determinants of diet quality. Methods Food, cooking oil, and condiment intakes were estimated based on twenty-four-hour dietary recalls over three consecutive days and the household weighing method. Based on the food and nutrients recommendations for people with different energy requirements in CDG-2016, CDGI was revised as China Dietary Guidelines Index (2019)-Adults (CDGI(2019)-A) by equal weight continuity scoring. Three-level random intercept-slope growth models were applied to analyze the trend, variation, and determinants at both the community and individual levels. Results CDGI(2019)-A, the sum of fourteen component scores with a range of 0-110 points, increased significantly from 38.2 in 1991 to 47.3 in 2015. Components with a score of less than half were milk (91.6%), fruits (72.0%), nuts (82.5%), other cereals and beans (82.6%), and seafood (77.7%). Between-individual accounted for 25.6% of the total score variation, of which 87.4% derived from the community level. CDGI(2019)-A score displayed a positive association with being female, having higher education, having higher income, living in an urban area, and knowing the CDG-2016 recommendations. The impact of income and awareness of CDG-2016 varied significantly across communities. Conclusions Although quality of diet has been improving in China, overall quality remains poor, primarily because of inadequate intake of milk and dairy products, nuts, fruits, other cereals and miscellaneous beans, and seafood. Intervention at the community level may improve diet quality more efficiently than at the individual level, and the most effective intervention should be selected in different communities according to local conditions.
Reproductive and productive performance in Chios ewes mated in spring or in autumn; One hundred and sixty adult ewes of the Chios breed were divided randomly into two groups. One group was used for bleeding in spring (S) and the other in autumn (A). In both groups oestrous behaviour was detected once a day. Ovulatory activity, 7 d after oestrus, fertility, prolificacy, embryo mortality, birth weight of lambs and milk production were recorded. The percentage of ewes which exhibited oestrous behaviour was 92 and 100 % in S and A groups, respectively, while fertility of mated ewes was 98 and 100 %. Ovulation rate was significantly lower in S than in A ewes (M +/- sd; 2.85 +/- 1.07 versus 3.44 +/- 1.45, respectively, P < 0.0001). However, prolificacy did not differ between the two groups (2.04 +/- 0.77 versus 2.13 +/- 0.85, for S and A ewes, respectively) as it did nor increase after an ovulation rate of 4.0. There were no differences in birth weights (except for triplets) but rotal milk production was significantly higher in S ewes (257.5 +/- 100.7 kg versus 153.0 +/- 51.9 kg, for S and A, respectively, P < 0.001). These results suggest that despite a higher ovulation rate in autumn, higher embryonic mortality at this time of the year leads to equivalent fertility, prolificacy and birth weight in spring as in autumn. (C) Inra/Elsevier, Paris.
Effects of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic subjects: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Inulin has been shown to be an effective therapeutic for reducing total serum cholesterol and triglycerides in clinical trials with modest sample sizes. A systematic literature search of several databases was conducted for studies that investigated the efficacy of inulin on the plasma lipid profile of subjects. A random-effects model was used to calculate the weighted mean difference and 95% CI as the difference between the mean for the inulin and control groups. The pooled mean net changes in total cholesterol, LDL-C, HDL-C and triglycerides of hyperlipidemic and normolipidemic subjects with inulin compared with controls were calculated. The results indicate that a diet rich in inulin has beneficial effects on total cholesterol and LDL-C, as well as triglyceride concentration in the plasma of hyperlipidemic subjects, and has no effects on plasma lipids in normolipidemic subjects.
Association of dietary phosphate and serum phosphorus concentration by levels of kidney function; Background: The health implications of dietary phosphorus intake and the role of kidney function in managing serum phosphorus homeostasis are well studied. However, examining the source of dietary phosphorus intake and its impact on serum phosphorus has not been characterized in population studies.
Late cutaneous effects of a local potent steroid during adjuvant radiotherapy for breast cancer; Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether treatment with a local potent corticosteroid during adjuvant external radiotherapy (ERT) of breast cancer is associated with late skin toxicity.
The effects of the DDS-1 strain of lactobacillus on symptomatic relief for lactose intolerance - a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover clinical trial; Background: Lactose intolerance is a form of lactose maldigestion where individuals experience symptoms such as diarrhea, abdominal cramping, flatulence, vomiting and bowel sounds following lactose consumption. Lactobacillus acidophilus is a species of bacteria known for its sugar fermenting properties. Preclinical studies have found that Lactobacillus acidophilus supplementation may assist in breaking down lactose; however, no human clinical trials exist evaluating its efficacy in alleviating symptoms related to lactose intolerance.
Utility of halofuginone lactate for the prevention of natural cryptosporidiosis of calves, in the presence of co-infection with rotavirus and <i>Salmonella</i> Typhimurium; Halofuginone lactate (HL) is registered in several countries for the prevention of calf cryptosporidiosis, but the compound's utility in the presence of co-infection with other enteropathogens is not well understood. We performed a randomized controlled field trial of the efficacy of HL for the prevention of natural calf cryptosporidiosis, in the presence of co-infection with rotavirus and Salmonella Typhimurium. Newborn calves on one farm were sequentially enrolled and allocated to a full dose (n = 15), half dose (n = 15), or a placebo control group (n= 15), using a randomized block design. The Clyptosporidium oocysts in fecal specimens collected on Days 6, 8,10, 14 and 20 were counted and the severity of the diarrhea was assessed using fecal consistency scores (solid, semisolid, or liquid). The oocyst numbers and fecal consistency scores were statistically compared between the groups. Ninety one percent of the calves shed Cryptosporidium parvum oocysts during the trial. The full dose group had a longer prepatent period than the control group, but no statistical difference in the number of oocysts was identified between the groups after controlling for the effects of sex and breed. The fecal consistency scores and mortality rates did not differ between the groups. These results indicated that the anti-Cryptosporidium activity and clinical benefit of HL were limited. It is concluded that in order to maximize the clinical efficacy of HL in the field, diagnostic efforts should aim to rule out the presence of other enteropathogens. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Short-term soy and probiotic supplementation does not markedly affect concentrations of reproductive hormones in postmenopausal women with and without histories of breast cancer; Background: Observational studies suggest that dietary isoflavones reduce breast cancer risk, and this may be caused in part by effects on endogenous hormone concentrations. Because intestinal bacteria metabolize isoflavones, it was hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would enhance the biologic effects of isoflavones, including effects on endogenous hormones.
Tazarotene: Randomized, Double-Blind, Vehicle-Controlled, and Open-Label Concurrent Trials for Basal Cell Carcinoma Prevention and Therapy in Patients with Basal Cell Nevus Syndrome; Sporadic human basal cell carcinomas (BCC) are generally well managed with current surgical modalities. However, in the subset of high-risk patients predisposed to developing large numbers of BCCs, there is an unmet need for effective, low-morbidity chemoprevention. This population includes fair-skinned patients with extensive sun exposure and those with genodermatoses such as the basal cell nevus (Gorlin) syndrome (BCNS). Tazarotene (Tazorac, Allergan) is a topical retinoid with relative specificity for RAR-beta and RAR-gamma receptors. We previously demonstrated tazarotene's robust anti-BCC efficacy in Ptch1(+/-) mice, a murine equivalent of BCNS, and others have found it to have some efficacy against sporadic human BCCs. We report here results of a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study in patients with BCNS evaluating the efficacy of topically applied tazarotene for BCC chemoprevention (N = 34 subjects), along with an open-label trial evaluating tazarotene's efficacy for chemotherapy of BCC lesions (N = 36 subjects) for a maximum follow-up period of 3 years. We found that only 6% of patients had a chemopreventive response and that only 6% of treated BCC target lesions were clinically cured. Our studies provide no evidence for either chemopreventive or chemotherapeutic effect of tazarotene against BCCs in patients with BCNS. (C) 2014 AACR.
Nutritional changes among premenopausal women undertaking a soya based dietary intervention study in Hawaii; Background We conducted a 2-year nutritional intervention among premenopausal women. The goal was to incorporate two daily servings of soya into the regular diet. This report describes the dietary modifications and assesses their nutritional adequacy with regard to major nutrients.
Effects of ON101 for Hard-to-Heal Diabetic Foot Ulcers in a Randomized Phase III Trial: A <i>Post Hoc</i> Analysis; Objective: Hard-to-heal diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) are associated with higher mortality rates and an increased medical burden for patients. ON101, a new topical cream, exhibited better healing efficacy than the control dressing in a Phase III trial. In this post hoc analysis, we further identify whether ON101 can improve the healing of ulcers with hard-to-heal risk factors in this cohort of DFU patients. Approach: To compare the efficacy of ON101 with absorbent dressing among various hard-to-heal wounds in patients with DFU, a post hoc analysis of a randomized Phase III trial that included 276 DFU patients was performed by subgrouping those patients based on ulcer depth, location, size, duration, and patients' glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels and body mass index (BMI). Results: In the full analysis set, the proportion of patients achieving healing was 61.7% in the ON101 group and 37.0% in the comparator (p = 0.0001). In subgroup analysis according to risk factors, ON101 demonstrated superior healing capacity on Wagner grade 2 ulcers (p < 0.0001); plantar ulcers (p = 0.0016), ulcer size >= 5 cm2 (p = 0.0122), ulcer duration >= 3 months (p = 0.0043); for patients with HbA1c >= 9% (p = 0.0285); and patients with BMI >= 25 (p = 0.0005). Innovation: ON101, a novel therapeutic drug, can modulate the functions of macrophages and demonstrate superior healing rates to conventional absorbent dressing in patients with hard-to-heal DFUs. Conclusions: The results of this post hoc study suggest that ON101 is a better therapeutic option than conventional dressing used in treatment for DFU patients with higher HbA1c, BMI, or ulcers with complex conditions such as longer duration, deeper wounds, larger size, and plantar location.
Human exposure to dioxins through the diet in Catalonia, Spain:: carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic risk; The main objectives of this study were to estimate the dietary intake of dioxins by the population of Catalonia, Spain, to determine which food groups showed the greatest contribution to this intake, and to assess the health risks potentially associated with the dietary dioxin intake. From June to August 2000, food samples were randomly acquired in seven cities of Catalonia. Dioxin concentrations were determined in 108 samples belonging to the following groups: vegetables, fruits, pulses, cereals, fish and shellfish, meats and meat products, eggs, milk and dairy products, and oils and fats. Estimates of average daily food consumption were obtained from recent studies. Total dietary intake of dioxins for the general population of Catalonia was estimated to be 95.4 pg WHO-TEQ/day (78.4 pg I-TEQ/day), with fish and shellfish (31%), diary products (25%), cereals (14%) and meat (13%) showing the greatest percentages of contribution to dioxin intake. The contribution of all the rest of food groups to the total dietary intake was under 20%. The non-carcinogenic risk index of dioxin intake through the diet was in the range 0.34-1.36, while the carcinogenic risk level was 1360 excess cancer over a lifetime of 70 years. Our results corroborate the decreasing tendency in dietary intake of dioxins found in recent studies (2000-2001) from various countries. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
DIET AND CANCER OF THE PANCREAS; A case-control study was carried out in Geneva on the basis of an interview involving 88 new cases of pancreatic cancer and 336 controls. The percentage of histologically confirmed cases was 67%. Controls were drawn at random from the general population. An excess risk was observed with increased consumption of fatty foods. This excess, however, was only significant for butter; in contrast, margarine was associated with a reduction in risk (relative risk = 0.35, p < 0.05). Meat intake did not  modify the risk, except for lean pork, for which the risk was significantly reduced. For carbohydrates, an excess risk was observed, with a dose-response effect. Fresh fruit and vegetables led to a marked and significant reduction in risk. Among beverages, beer was the only one for which consumption entailed an increased risk (RR = 2.85, p < 0.05). The results concerning tea and coffee were not significant, but there appeared to be a trend towards an increase in relative risk.
Consumption of red and processed meat and breast cancer incidence: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; Prior studies on red and processed meat consumption with breast cancer risk have generated inconsistent results. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies to summarize the evidence regarding the relation of red meat and processed meat consumption with breast cancer incidence. We searched in MEDLINE and EMBASE databases through January 2018 for prospective studies that reported the association between red meat and processed meat consumption with incident breast cancer. The multivariable-adjusted relative risk (RR) was combined comparing the highest with the lowest category of red meat (unprocessed) and processed meat consumption using a random-effect meta-analysis. We identified 13 cohort, 3 nested case-control and two clinical trial studies. Comparing the highest to the lowest category, red meat (unprocessed) consumption was associated with a 6% higher breast cancer risk (pooled RR,1.06; 95% confidence intervals (95%CI):0.99-1.14; I-2 = 56.3%), and processed meat consumption was associated with a 9% higher breast cancer risk (pooled RR, 1.09; 95%CI, 1.03-1.16; I-2 = 44.4%). In addition, we identified two nested case-control studies evaluating the association between red meat and breast cancer stratified by N-acetyltransferase 2 acetylator genotype. We did not observe any association among those with either fast (per 25 g/day pooled odds ratio (OR), 1.18; 95%CI, 0.93-1.50) or slow N-acetyltransferase 2 acetylators (per 25 g/day pooled OR, 0.99; 95%CI, 0.91-1.08). In the prospective observational studies, high processed meat consumption was associated with increased breast cancer risk.
The effect of chronic oxytocin-treatment on the bovine mammary gland immune system; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of chronic oxytocin (OT) treatment on the mammary gland immune system. In Experiment I fourteen healthy cows were used to study the effect of chronic intramuscular (im) OT administration on concentration of milk somatic cells and white blood cells (WBC). Cows in the OT- group (6) were im injected with 50 IU OT (5 ml) whereas animals of the C- group (6) were im injected with 5 ml of saline (9 g/ l) for eight days (Day 1 - 8) before each milking. Milk samples were taken during normal milking time on Day 0 - 3, 5, 7, 9 - 11 and 18. Blood samples were taken immediately after each milking and analysed for WBC count, polymorphonuclear neutrophils, potassium (K), sodium (Na) and chloride (Cl) ions, and blood lactose. All milk samples were analysed for somatic cell counts (SCC), lactose, Na, Cl and electrical conductivity (EC). Furthermore mRNA expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8 and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2) in milk cells were measured via real- time RT- PCR. None of the investigated milk and blood parameters changed significantly in response to the OT treatment. The mRNA-expression of TNF alpha decreased (P < 0.05) to a minimum on Day 3 in response to OT administration. IL-1 beta and IL- 6-mRNA expression decreased (P < 0.05) to a minimum within three day. IL- 8 and COX2 expression did not change in response to OT treatment. In Experiment II twelve cows, randomly divided into two groups of six, were used to investigate the effect of chronic im OT administration on mammary tissue. Cows were im administered 50 IU OT (OT- group) or 5 ml saline (9 g/ l; C- group) before each milking during eight days. Biopsy samples were taken after every morning milking. The mRNA expression of various inflammatory factors and the tight junction (TJ) proteins occludin (OCLN) and zonula occludens (ZO)- 1, ZO- 2 and ZO- 3 were measured via real- time RT- PCR. TNF alpha- mRNA expression decreased (Day 2 with P < 0.05) within the first four days of OT administration and increased (P < 0.05) in the C- group on Day 2. IL- 1 beta expression levels of the OT- group increased transiently and decreased on Day 3 and in the C- group values increased significantly on Day 3 as compared to Day 0. IL- 6 expression in the OT- group decreased (P < 0.05) to a minimum on Day 1 and increased (P < 0.05) as compared to Day 0 on Day 7 and increased significantly on Day 1 and Day 5 compared to Day 0 in group C. IL- 8 and COX2 expression did not change in response to OT administration. The mRNA- expression of OCLN and ZO- 3 decreased (P < 0.05) as compared to Day 0 with a minimum on Day 7. ZO- 1 and ZO- 2 expression did not change due to OT administration. ZO- 2- mRNA expression in C- group decreased significantly on Day 2 compared to Day 0. In conclusion, chronic OT administration induced increasing SCC and EC levels in milk as well as K and lactose in blood while nearly all investigated cytokines in milk cells and mammary tissue were down regulated. The mRNA expressions of the TJ proteins OCLN and ZO- 3 were down- regulated in response to the OT treatment what indicates an increasing TJ permeability. Besides the effect on TJ proteins there was no obvious change of the immunological competence of the mammary gland in response to OT. However, a more complete milk ejection should help to remove pathogens during milking.
Benefits of exercise in patients with congestive heart failure; A large majority of individuals with CHF suffer from fatigue and poor exercise capacity, the underlying cause of which is multi-factorial. These include central mechanisms such as cardiac dysfunction and poor cardiac output as well as peripheral maladaptations such as neurohormonal activation and abnormalities in skeletal muscle structure and metabolism. Studies in the last decades have shown that exercise training can reverse some of these adverse pathophysiological effects, which are both associated with poor exercise capacity and poor overall prognosis in CHF Data from the EXERT study and other small clinical studies indicate that exercise training, based on individualized protocols and approaches geared toward each individual's capacity, is safe in selected patients. Although EXERT remains the largest randomized control trial of exercise training in CHF, these studies demonstrating the benefits of exercise are small. Conclusions on whether or not these observations can be translated into reductions in morbidity and mortality, despite the promise shown in the reversal of the pathophysiological mechanisms, remain unclear. Large adequately powered randomized controlled trials are needed to address this important question. Meanwhile, the traditional advice to CHF patients "to avoid physical exertion" should not longer be applied to all affected individuals.
Effect of administration of a novel recombinant bovine interferon on length of oestrous cycle in cattle; In ruminants, extensive reproductive loss occurs during the process of maternal recognition of pregnancy and it has been suggested that trophoblast interferons may be potential therapeutic agents. This paper;reports results from a trial using eight first lactation Holstein-Friesian heifers to test the efficacy of a novel recombinant bovine interferon produced in bacteria in extending the life of the corpus luteum. Oestrus was synchronised in these animals and 0.1 mg of this non-glycosylated interferon was infused into the uterus twice daily for 13 days starting approximately 12 days after oestrus. This treatment resulted in an extension of the lifespan of the corpus luteum by 5.5 days (P=0.028) compared with untreated controls. In these animals the interovulatory period was extended by 6.4 days (P=0.009). Administration of this protein did not have any adverse effects either on body temperature or on daily milk yields. The results indicate that this novel interferon may have potential therapeutic application for reducing embryo mortality.
Dietary Quality Assessed by the HEI-2010 and Biomarkers of Cardiometabolic Disease: An Exploratory Analysis; Objectives: This study explores relationships between cardiometabolic measures of antioxidant capacity or inflammation and diet quality assessed by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2010 which measures conformity to Dietary Guidelines for Americans. This cross-sectional study was an ancillary analysis of baseline data for a randomized controlled trial with older adults at risk for cardiometabolic disease (ClinicalTrials.gov #NCT00955903). Methods: Community-dwelling older adults (n = 133, 49% male, 70.4 +/- 4.8 years) with a body mass index of 30-40 kg/m(2) provided a fasted blood sample for measurement of antioxidant capacity, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-6. Dietary data were generated from the mean of three 24-hour recalls. Results: After adjustment for potential confounders, HEI-2010 composite scores were not significantly associated with decreased inflammation or greater antioxidant capacity. In analysis of the 12 components composing the HEI-2010, significant positive association was observed between total dairy and total serum antioxidant capacity (0.043; 95% CI, 0.008-0.069). Significant associations observed in inflammatory markers were between total vegetable and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (-0.078; 95% CI, -0.151 to -0.005), sodium and interleukin-6 (0.091; 95% CI, 0.023-0.158), and scores for combined calories from solid fats, alcoholic beverages, and added sugars and interleukin-6 (0.139; 95% CI, 0.027-0.252). In models adjusting for HEI-2010 composite score when significant associations were observed between component scores and biomarkers, two of six associations were strengthened by adding the composite score as a potential confounder. Conclusions: Largely null findings along with those inconsistent with scientific expectations suggest caution in extrapolating adherence to the HEI-2010 with an individual's inflammatory or antioxidant status. Results merit additional investigation with other biomarkers of chronic disease and emphasis on dietary patterns given potential synergy within food combinations.
The management of menopausal sequelae in patients with breast cancer; The use of chemotherapy and tamoxifen for young women with breast cancer results in premature menopause in a significant number of patients. Early menopause has serious vasomotor, psychological, genitourinary, cardiac and skeletal effects. Psychopharmacological and herbal preparations are widely used for the treatment of vasomotor symptoms. The incidence of psychological and depressive illness following the menopause in women with breast cancer is significantly higher than seen with the natural menopause. Targeting this population of patients for early diagnosis and psychiatric intervention is recommended. Local vaginal moisturising or oestrogen cream would help to alleviate some of the urogenital symptoms. Patients whose treatment included Anthracycline chemotherapy or radiation to the heart and those with a history of heart disease, should be monitored closely for latecardiac complications. Early menopause is the major risk factor for the development of osteoporosis. Weight bearing exercise, bisphosphonate or calcitonin therapy are all useful in treating osteoporosis. Should a woman with a history of breast cancer be given hormone replacement therapy is one of the most controversial issues in the oncology field. There are no published prospective randomised studies on the subject. The available data suggests an increase of 5% of breast cancer related events when hormone replacement therapy is given to women with breast cancer. However, in certain situations, this could be given after a detailed explanation and documentation. The patient and physician should balance the severity of symptoms against the increased breast cancer related events and the final decision should be left to the patient.
Azithromycin in Labor Lowers Clinical Infections in Mothers and Newborns: A Double-Blind Trial; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: We have recently completed a proof-of-concept trial showing that bacterial colonization decreased in women and newborns after the administration of azithromycin during labor. Here, we aim to assess the effect of the intervention on maternal and neonatal clinical infections.
Is olive oil good for you? A systematic review and meta-analysis on anti-inflammatory benefits from regular dietary intake; The prevalence of non-communicable diseases is rapidly increasing, and evidence shows that diet and lifestyle are key areas of intervention to decrease their burden. Olive oil is considered one of the key nutritional components responsible for the benefits of the Mediterranean diet, which is characterized by the use of olive oil in meals as the main source of fat; a high consumption of water, fruits, nuts, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, spices, and herbs; a moderate consumption of dairy products (mainly cheese and yogurt), fish, poultry, and red wine; and a reduced consumption of red meat and processed foods. The aim of this review was to summarize evidence from randomized controlled trials on the effect of regular dietary intake of olive oil on three inflammatory markers: C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Reviewed RCTs reveal beneficial effects of olive oil by reducing levels of inflammation markers. Olive oil taken on a regular basis can be a good dietary fat alternative, especially to manage lL-6. However, further research is required to clarify the effects of olive oil consumption on inflammation, comparing to other fats. Moreover, olive oil daily dosage, different time-lenght intervention and follow-up periods should be taken into consideration. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pharmacodynamics and Medicinal Chemistry of an External Chinese Herbal Formula for Mammary Precancerous Lesions; Ruyan Neixiao Cream (RYNXC) is a traditional Chinese herbal formula for treating mammary precancerous disease. This study was carried out to investigate in vivo anticancer effect of RYNXC and multiple constituents. 32 virginal Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into blank control group (BC), mammary precancer models group (MODEL), tamoxifen group (TAM), and Ruyan Neixiao Creamgroup (RYNXC). TAM was intervened by tamoxifen; RYNXC was intervened by Ruyan Neixiao Cream. The chromatographic separation was performed by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) coupled with mass spectrometry (MS). RYNXC showed significant improvement in erythrocyte aggregation index (EAI), hematocrit (HCT), fibrinogen (FIB), spleen coefficient, and uterus coefficient compared with MODEL. In RYNXC and TAM groups, atypical hyperplasia was observed in pathological mammary tissues; meanwhile in MODEL group, ductal carcinoma was observed in situ. Moreover, fifteen compounds were characterized according to HPLC-MS data, including organic acids, tannin, alkaloid, volatile oil, anthraquinones, and flavonoids. The study suggests that RYNXC was an effective Chinese herbal formula for mammary precancerous lesions and provides a scientific basis for the quality standard and the pharmacology of RYNXC. It will be beneficial to the future clinical application of RYNXC.
Investigation of human cationic antimicrobial protein-18 (hCAP-18), lactoferrin and CD163 as potential biomarkers for ovarian cancer; Background: Epithelial ovarian cancer is one of the leading causes of gynaecological cancer morbidity and mortality in women. Early stage ovarian cancer is usually asymptomatic, therefore, is often first diagnosed when it is widely disseminated. Currently available diagnostics lack the requisite sensitivity and specificity to be implemented as community-based screening tests. The identification of additional biomarkers may improve the diagnostic efficiency of multivariate index assays. The aims of this study were to characterise and compare the ovarian tissue immunohistochemical localisation and plasma concentrations of three putative ovarian cancer biomarkers: human cationic antimicrobial protein-18 (hCAP-18); lactoferrin; and CD163 in normal healthy women and women with ovarian cancer.
Phase III Study of Silver Leaf Nylon Dressing vs Standard Care for Reduction of Inframammary Moist Desquamation in Patients Undergoing Adjuvant Whole Breast Radiation Therapy; Aims: The primary objective of this study was to assess silver leaf nylon dressings as a prophylactic measure in reducing inframammary fold radiation induced dermatitis in women receiving adjuvant whole breast radiotherapy compared with standard skin care. A secondary objective was to assess if the dressing influenced breast skin- related pain, itching and burning resulting from whole breast radiotherapy.
Zinc and prostate cancer: a critical scientific, medical, and public interest issue (United states); The role of zinc in the development and progression of prostate malignancy and its potential application in the prevention and treatment of prostate cancer (PCa) are contemporary critical issues for the medical/scientific community and the public-at-large. The overwhelming clinical and experimental evidence provides a compelling rational basis for the expectation and concept that prostate zinc accumulation is an important factor in the development and progression of prostate malignancy; and that zinc could be efficacious in the prevention and treatment of PCa. In contrast, various epidemiologic studies have produced divergent and conflicting results regarding the efficacy of dietary and supplemental zinc against PCa. Before reaching any definitive conclusions regarding this complex issue, one should have a complete understanding of the clinical and experimental evidence associated with the involvement of zinc in the normal and malignant prostate. Also, an understanding of interacting effects of confounding factors on the absorption, assimilation, and bioavailability of supplemental dietary zinc is important. The purpose of this review is to present the current state of the clinical and experimental information regarding zinc relationships in the normal prostate and in the pathogenesis PCa. The evidence in support of a potential beneficial effect of zinc supplement versus potential harmful effects on PCa is assessed. A discussion of the divergent results of the epidemiologic studies is presented along with a description of important factors and conditions that impact or mask the effects of dietary zinc on PCa development and progression. We also hope to bring more attention to the medical and research community of the critical need for concerted clinical and basic research regarding zinc and PCa, for the development of appropriate human prostate models to investigate these relationships, for further appropriately designed epidemiologic studies, and for future well-controlled clinical trials.
Oral Administration of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus Casei Shirota</i> Decreases Pneumonia and Increases Pulmonary Functions after Single Rib Fracture: A Randomized Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial; Considerate proportion of elderly patients with a rib fracture is susceptible to pulmonary complications, especially pneumonia. We aimed to assess the effect of oral administration of the probiotic Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) on pneumonia and pulmonary functions among elderly patients with single rib fracture. The current study including 204 eligible elderly patients with a single rib fracture was conducted. Patients were randomly assigned to receive oral administration of skimmed milk containing either a commercial probiotic LcS or placebo daily for 1 mo after the fracture, followed by pneumonia assessments, pulmonary function testing including forced expiratory volume (FEV), negative inspiratory pressure (NIP), and forced vital capacity (FVC), as well as evaluation of potential adverse effects including myocardial infarction, acute kidney injury, nonunion of fractured bone, or stroke. After 1 mo consumption, patients in the LcS group exhibited decreased pneumonia and increased recovery of pulmonary functions, in terms of FEV, FVC, and NIP, compared to the placebo group. No difference was observed in incidence of adverse events between the 2 groups. In patients with a single rib fracture, oral administration of the probiotic LcS was associated with a lower incidence of pneumonia and increased pulmonary functions without causing severe adverse effects.
Silymarin and epithelial cancer chemoprevention: How close we are to bedside?; Failure and high systemic toxicity of conventional cancer therapies have accelerated the focus on the search for newer agents, which could prevent and/or slow-down cancer growth and have more human acceptability by being less or non-toxic. Silymarin is one such agent, which has been extensively used since ages for the treatment of liver conditions, and thus has possibly the greatest patient acceptability. In recent years, increasing body of evidence has underscored the cancer preventive efficacy of silymarin in both in vitro and in vivo animal models of various epithelial cancers. Apart from chemopreventive effects, other noteworthy aspects of silymarin and its active constituent silibinin in cancer treatment include their capability to potentiate the efficacy of known chemotherapeutic drugs, as an inhibitor of multidrug resistance-associated proteins and as an adjunct to the cancer therapeutic drugs due to their organ-protective efficacy specifically liver, and immunostimulatory effects. Widespread use of silymarin for liver health in humans and commercial availability of its formulations with increased bioavailability, further underscore the necessity of carrying out controlled clinical trials with these agents in cancer patients. In this review, we will briefly discuss the outcomes of clinical trials being conducted by us and others in cancer patients to provide insight into the clinical relevance of the observed chemopreventive effects of these agents in various epithelial cancer models. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Calcium intake and hip fracture risk in men and women: a meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled trials; Background: The role of total calcium intake in the prevention of hip fracture risk has not been well established.
IDENTIFICATION OF COWS SUSCEPTIBLE TO MASTITIS BASED ON SELECTED GENOTYPES BY USING DECISION TREES AND A GENERALIZED LINEAR MODEL; The aim of the present study was to: 1) check whether it would be possible to detect cows susceptible to mastitis at an early stage of their utilization based on selected genotypes and basic production traits in the first three lactations using ensemble data mining methods (boosted classification tress - BT and random forest - RF), 2) find out whether the inclusion of additional production variables for subsequent lactations will improve detection performance of the models, 3) identify the most significant predictors of susceptibility to mastitis, and 4) compare the results obtained by using BT and RF with those for the more traditional generalized linear model (GLZ). A total of 801 records for Polish Holstein-Friesian Black-and-White cows were analyzed. The maximum sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the test set were 72.13%, 39.73%, 55.90% (BT), 86.89%, 17.81%, 59.49% (RF) and 90.16%, 8.22%, 58.97% (GLZ), respectively. Inclusion of additional variables did not have a significant effect on the model performance. The most significant predictors of susceptibility to mastitis were: milk yield, days in milk, sire's rank, percentage of Holstein-Friesian genes, whereas calving season and genotypes (lactoferrin, tumor necrosis factor alpha, lysozyme and defensins) were ranked much lower. The applied models (both data mining ones and GLZ) showed low accuracy in detecting cows susceptible to mastitis and therefore some other more discriminating predictors should be used in future research.
Does a calf's motivation to ingest colostrum depend on time since birth, calf vigor, or provision of heat?; Dairy producers often complain that calves have difficulty consuming the recommended amount of colostrum. A better understanding of factors affecting calves' motivation to ingest colostrum could help develop better management. Thirty-six Holstein calves were tested to evaluate effects of time since birth (2 vs. 6 h) and provision of a heat lamp on motivation to ingest colostrum in a 2 x 2 factorial model. Calves were randomly assigned to treatments balancing for birth weight and sex. Calves were provided colostrum (>68 g of Ig/L) ad libitum from a teat-bottle. We tested the calf's suckling reflex by examining the response to orofacial stimulation and assessed the calf's vigor from the duration of time spent standing or attempting to stand in the hour after birth and standing during colostrum feeding. During the first meal, 42% of calves consumed 4 L or more of colostrum, 25% consumed 3 to 4 L, 11% consumed 2 to 3 L, and 22% consumed <2 L. There were no significant effects of heat supply or time since birth on consumption. The quantity of colostrum ingested was best predicted (r(2) = 0.61) by a combination of birth weight, vigor during colostrum feeding, and vigor during the first hour of life, whereas meal duration was predicted (r(2) = 0.34) jointly by room temperature and having suckled the dam. Colostrum intake was lower for small calves and calves with a low degree of vigor. Differences among calves in the strength of the sucking reflex were not related to colostrum intake.
Diet and ovarian cancer risk: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of cohort studies; Background & aims: Diet may play an important role in the etiology of ovarian cancer (OC). We aimed to evaluate the strength and credibility of evidence pertaining to dietary risk factors for OC.
An investigation of fetal, postnatal and childhood growth with insulin-like growth factor I and binding protein 3 in adulthood; OBJECTIVE Weight at birth and adult height are positively associated with cancer risk. These patterns may be mediated by the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis. We have examined whether pre- and postnatal growth patterns have along-term influence on adult IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels.
Systematic review and meta-analyses of the effects of halofuginone against calf cryptosporidiosis; Halofuginone seems to reduce diarrhoea and oocyst shedding in calves with cryptosporidiosis, but provides no complete cure. To develop more precise estimates of the effects of halofuginone on calf cryptosporidosis, meta-analyses were performed, including studies on prophylactic and therapeutic treatment. Meta-analysis increases statistical power because several trials are evaluated together, increasing the effective sample size and possibility of detecting true effects. In total, 20 cohort or clinical studies (in 16 publications) investigating halofuginone treatment in calves were identified. One study was excluded because treated calves and control calves were not investigated in parallel. Four studies (three publications) were excluded because only abstracts were available. Thus, 15 studies from 12 publications, with 10-311 calves were included for data extraction. Of these, five studies from three publications could not be used for meta-analysis because they did not report the data needed.
Effects of Aloe vera on Burn Injuries: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Burn injuries cause severe pain, infection risks, psychological distress, financial burdens, and mortality, necessitating effective care. Aloe vera, a traditional burn remedy, shows wound-healing potential, but its analgesic effects and efficacy with varying burn severity are uncertain. This study aims to investigate A. vera's effect on wound healing, pain management, and infection prevention in patients with burns. A systematic search on PubMed, Embase, and CENTRAL was performed on October 9, 2023, for randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The risk of bias was examined using the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool (version 2), and the meta-analysis was carried out using a random-effects model. The primary outcome was wound-healing time, with secondary outcomes examining pain severity and wound infection. The Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to assess the quality of evidence for each outcome. Nine RCTs were included in the current study, of which 6 provided data on the primary outcome. Aloe vera significantly reduced mean wound-healing time compared to other topicals (mean difference [MD] -3.76 days; 95% CI, -5.69 to -1.84). Additionally, the meta-analysis of the secondary outcomes found no significant differences in pain reduction (MD -0.76 points; 95% CI, -1.53 to 0.01) and wound infection risk (risk ratio 1.10; 95% CI, 0.34-3.59) between A. vera and control groups. In conclusion, A. vera expedites wound healing in patients with second-degree burns without increased infection risk compared to other antimicrobial agents. The analgesic effects on burn injuries remain uncertain.
PASSIVE IMMUNOTHERAPY IN NEONATAL CALVES .2. THE EFFICACY A J5 ESCHERICHIA-COLI HYPERIMMUNE PLASMA AS IMMUNOTHERAPY IN NEONATAL CALVES; Hyperimmunized bovine plasma containing antibodies to a mutant Escherichia coli O111:B4 (J5) was used to conduct a prospective double-blind clinical trial to evaluate its efficacy as an immunotherapy to bovine neonates in field conditions. Two- to three-day-old calves (N=150) were randomized into three groups (n=50) to receive (1) no plasma (NP) or (2) control (traces or no J5 antibody) bovine plasma (CP) or (3) hyperimmune bovine anti J5 plasma (HP) in two subcutaneous total doses of 10 ml kg 1 body weight at a 24 h interval. Various physiological, pathological and clinical parameters of the study subjects were observed up to three weeks while other data such as morbidity, mortality and the effect on heart girth increase were collected tip to the end of the eighth week. Weekly serum total protein and immunoglobulin G (IgG) concentrations were preferentially increased from the baseline values in HP calves but not statistically significant (p>0.05) in group comparison. Mean (geometric) serum J5 ELISA titers in the HP group were significantly (p<0.001) higher than the other two groups that increased about 1-log by the first week of plasma intervention, followed by a gradual decline by the third week. Out of three total deaths clue to septicemia and colitis, one was from the NP group while the other two were from the HP group. Morbidity as measured daily on a 13-point scoring scale were not statistically (p>0.05) different among the grvoups. Variation in the mean heart-girth increase was non-significant (p>0.05) among groups by the eighth week. Higher increase in heart girth was generally associated with higher initial serum IgG (p<0.01) concentration. Our results suggest that this lot of hyperimmune J5 plasma at this dose was not superior to control plasma or to no intervention in terms of calf morbidity and mortality.
Imiquimod 2.5% and 3.75% for the treatment of actinic keratoses: Results of two placebo-controlled studies of daily application to the face and balding scalp for two 2-week cycles; Background: The approved imiquimod 5% cream regimen for treating actinic keratoses requires a long treatment time and is limited to a small area of skin.
Food groups and risk of chronic disease: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis of cohort studies; Background: There is a lack of systematic and comprehensive evaluations whether food intakes lower or increase risk of chronic diseases. In this network meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies, we aim to evaluate the effects of different foods on risk of chronic diseases.
Local steroid application during nerve-sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy; Objective To evaluate the effect on potency rates after surgery of applying local steroids to the neurovascular bundles (NVBs) of the prostate after bilateral nerve-sparing radical retropubic prostatectomy (BNS-RRP).
Reduction in the appearance of facial hyperpigmentation after use of moisturizers with a combination of topical niacinamide and <i>N</i>-acetyl glucosamine: results of a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled trial; Background Topical niacinamide and N-acetyl glucosamine (NAG) each individually inhibit epidermal pigmentation in cell culture. In small clinical studies, niacinamide-containing and NAG-containing formulations reduced the appearance of hyperpigmentation.
Food of animal origin and risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma: A review of the literature and meta-analysis; Background: Several studies investigated whether the consumption of foods of animal origin affects the risk of haematological malignancies, with conflicting results. To help clarify this issue, we performed a meta-analysis of observational studies published until November 2014 that investigated the association between the consumption of foods of animal origin (red, processed and white meat, fish and seafood, dairy products and eggs) and the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and its major subtypes and multiple myeloma among adults.
Phytochemical Screening and <i>in Vitro</i> Ovicidal, Larvacidal, and Nematicidal Effects of <i>Murraya paniculata</i> (L.) Jack Extract on Gastrointestinal Parasites of Goats; In our previous research, kemuning leaves (Murraya paniculata L. Jack) was shown to have the capability as an anthelmintic candidate for PE (Ettawa crossbred) lactating dairy goats by reducing 43.67% of the egg per gram (EPG) of Strongylida compared to 0.0005% in orally treated with Oxfendazole as a control. To confirm it, the aim of this in vitro study was to determine the effective dosage of kemuning leaves from two extraction methods (infuse and maceration) to reduce the Trichostrongylidae and to evaluate the bioactive compounds of the leaves. The research was conducted using a randomized complete design with 11 treatments and 5 replications. The treatments consisted of control (0.0005% and 0.005% Oxfendazole), kemuning leaves infuse extract (KIE) and maceration extract (KME) each with level of 1%, 3%, 5%, and 7% (w/v). The results showed that the LT50 gradually decreased (shortening the lethal time) and the mortality of Trichostrongylidae gradually increased associated with the increased concentration of treatment (P<0.01). The infusion of 7% kemuning extract demonstrated the highest efficiency in reducing the larval development, infective larvae, and the adult Trichostrongylidae by 93.16%, 94.39%, and 90%, respectively. This treatment could be developed as the most prospective herbal anthelmintic drug in controlling the infection by Trichostrongylidae.
Sex-related dietary changes of Portuguese university students after migration to London, UK; AimTo assess the changes in eating habits and food choice motives of Portuguese university students after migration to London, according to sex.
The epidemiology of bovine spongiform encephalopathy in the Republic of Ireland before and after the reinforced feed ban; Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) is a prion disease spread by the inclusion in cattle feed of meat and bone meal made from cattle infected with the BSE agent. In the Republic of Ireland, a reinforced feed ban on mammalian meat and bone meal (MMBM) was introduced on 17th October 1996 to stop further infection of cattle. Between then and July 2010, 44 cases of BSE from 40 herds have been born, termed "born after the reinforced ban" or "BARB" cases. The objectives of this project were: (a) to describe the epidemiology of these BARB cases, (b) to determine area-level risk factors for BSE herds and how they related to the stage of the BSE epidemic, and (c) to evaluate whether the spatial pattern of BSE cases was non-random and had changed over time. The BSE epidemic was divided into three phases: cases born prior to 1991, born 1991-October 1996 and BARB cases. To determine the area level risk factors for BSE herds, a case-control study was conducted for each phase of the epidemic. We selected four control herds for each herd with one or more BSE cases. A grid of hexagons of 10 km diameter was created covering the territory of the Republic of Ireland and BSE herds and control herds were assigned to a hexagon. The numbers of cattle herds, dairy herds, piggeries and poultry holdings within the hexagons containing these case and control herds were enumerated. To evaluate the spatial pattern of BSE cases, standardised mortality ratios were calculated for each hexagon, and Oden's Ipop was used to investigate clustering. The descriptive analysis showed "feeding of concentrates" as the only common factor to all BARB cases for which information existed. The case-control study identified being a dairy herd as a risk factor during the pre-1991 phase of the BSE epidemic. Dairy herd type, a large proportion of local herds which were dairy and large numbers of piggeries and poultry holdings locally were also risk factors during the 1991-1996 phase. For the post-October 1996 phase (BARBs), dairy herd type and large numbers of other herds locally were risk factors. The spatial pattern of BSE cases changed over the three phases of the epidemic and was non-random, with evidence of clustering. The evidence supports the hypothesis that BARB cases do not arise spontaneously but rather are caused by the same food-borne infectious route as other BSE cases. (c) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Association between blood polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors; In contrast to the cumulative evidence suggesting the inverse association of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with depression, few studies have examined the association of n-6 PUFAs with depression. In particular, no study has examined the relationship between n-6 PUFAs and depression in cancer patients. Thus, we conducted this cross-sectional study to comprehensively examine the association of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs with depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors. Adults who had been diagnosed with invasive breast cancer and were not undergoing chemotherapy were enrolled. Blood PUFA composition was determined using capillary blood. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS). Among 126 participants, the mean age (standard deviation) was 58 (11) years and 47% had stage I cancer. Multiple regression analysis controlling for possible confounders revealed that the level of total n-6 PUFAs and linoleic acid was significantly associated with the HADS total score (beta = 0.175, p = 0.046 for total n-6 PUFAs; beta = 0.174, p = 0.048 for LA). No significant associations were found for other PUFAs. These findings provide the first evidence suggesting that a higher blood level of total n-6 PUFAs and linoleic acid is significantly associated with higher depressive symptoms among breast cancer survivors. Further studies should examine the positive effects of a reduction in n-6 PUFAs on depressive symptoms in breast cancer survivors using prospective studies, including randomized control trials.
A Study of High-Dose Oral Silybin-Phytosome Followed by Prostatectomy in Patients With Localized Prostate Cancer; BACKGROUND. Silibinin is a polyphenolic flavonolignan derived from milk thistle (Silybum marianium) with anti-oxidant properties. The purpose of the current trial was to determine the tissue and blood effects of high-dose silybin-phytosome in prostate cancer patients.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAR and low-grade prostate cancer; Fifty-eight men at high risk of prostate cancer or with lowgrade prostate cancer were randomly assigned to consume I or 3 protein isolates containing 40 g protein: 1) soy protein (SPI+, 107 mg isoflavones/d); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein (SPI-, <6 mg isoflavones/d); or 3) milk protein (MPI). Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), epidermal growth factor receptor, B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2), and Bel-2-associated X protein (Bax) were assessed in baseline and ending prostate biopsy cores. Serum collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo was analyzed for total and free prostate specific antigen (PSA). Consumption of SPI+ did not alter any of the prostate cancer tumor markers. Bax expression decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, resulting in lower Bax expression than the MPI group. PCNA expression also decreased from baseline in the SPI- group, but this was not different from the other 2 groups. PSA did not differ among the groups at 3 or 6 mo. Interestingly, a lower rate of prostate cancer developed in the soy groups compared to the milk group (P = 0.01). These data suggest that 6-mo SPI+ consumption does not alter prostate tissue biomarkers, SPI- consumption exerts mixed effects, and less prostate cancer is detected after 6 mo of soy consumption regardless of isoflavone content.
The case for dietary calcium restriction in patients with atherosclerosis; An increasingly vast set of data is linking the process of vascular calcification to the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus. This phenomenon is already relatively well understood in renal failure patients. A similar phenomenon, however, could be taking place in the general population. This may indicate a need for a reassessment of calcium supplementation, including the ingestion of milk, not only in dialysis patients, but also in patients with preserved renal function. Given the fact that no clear prospective randomized evidence exists to show what may be the impact on prognosis of patients with atherosclerosis, caused by the ingestion of milk and milk derivatives, containing calcium and lactose, as is currently recommended to prevent bone disease in the genera[ population, a case could be made to recommend restriction of such dietary products in atherosclerosis patients, until precise data have been obtained, in controlled, prospective studies, and especially so in patients with no evidence of osteoporosis. Such a case would not be a strong one at the present stage, but neither would be the opposite view. The recommendation that could be made at this stage would be that patients with significant atherosclerotic disease should be informed that the ingestion of milk, and calcium supplementation in general, has neither been conclusively proven to be safe, nor the opposite. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Lack of an Effect of High Dose Isoflavones in Men With Prostate Cancer Undergoing Androgen Deprivation Therapy; Purpose: The profound hypogonadism due to androgen deprivation therapy for prostate cancer results in complications such as sexual dysfunction, poor quality of life, vasomotor symptoms and altered cognition. Since estrogen is associated with cardiovascular risks, phytoestrogens are being increasingly evaluated as a potential treatment for these adverse effects. We evaluated the effects of high dose isoflavones, equivalent to that consumed by Asian populations, on the aforementioned consequences of androgen deprivation therapy.
A Feasibility Study of Mepitel Film for the Prevention of Breast Radiation Dermatitis in a Canadian Center; Purpose: Severe radiation dermatitis (RD) is distressing and may have adverse long-term effects including fibrosis and telangiectasia. Treatment interruptions due to severe RD may increase the risk of recurrence. Two randomized trials of Mepitel film demonstrated efficacy in preventing severe RD in breast cancer, but this product has not been widely adopted in North America. We aimed to assess the feasibility and efficacy of Mepitel film for prevention of breast RD at a Canadian center.
Efficacy of telemedical interventional management in patients with heart failure (TIM-HF2): a randomised, controlled, parallel-group, unmasked trial; Background Remote patient management in patients with heart failure might help to detect early signs and symptoms of cardiac decompensation, thus enabling a prompt initiation of the appropriate treatment and care before a full manifestation of a heart failure decompensation. We aimed to investigate the efficacy of our remote patient management intervention on mortality and morbidity in a well defined heart failure population.
Prostate cancer risk related to foods, food groups, macronutrients and micronutrients derived from the UK Dietary Cohort Consortium food diaries; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The influence of dietary factors remains controversial for screen-detected prostate cancer and inconclusive for clinically detected disease. We aimed to examine these associations using prospectively collected food diaries.
Effects of Mycophenolate Mofetil, Methotrexate and Pimecrolimus on cdk4 and p16 in Erosive Oral Lichen Planus; Background: This study evaluated the effect of mycophenolate mofetil, methotrexate, and pimecrolimus on the expression of cdk4 and p16, important proteins implicated in hyperproliferation and arrest in the G1 phase, in oral lichen planus (OLP). Materials and Methods: In this randomized clinical trial, 60 patients were randomly assigned in three equal groups to receive either pimecrolimus cream, or mycophenolate mofetil or methotrexate, both supplemented with pimecrolimus. Pretreatment and post-treatment specimens were immunohistochemically stained for detecting cdk4 and p16. Results: A significant decrease in cdk4 cytoplasmic positivity was noted in all three treatment groups and was especially more significant in the MTX group (P < 0.0001) than in the other two groups (P <.001). However, a significant decrease in the cdk4 nuclear staining was noted with only systemic treatment groups of MMF (P < 0.05) and MTX (P < 0.01), both supplemented with pimecrolimus. No significant decrease in cytoplasmic p16 levels was noted in the MTX group while a significant decrease in cytoplasmic p16 levels was noted in the other two groups; however, no significant decrease in p16 nuclear staining was noted with any treatment. Conclusion: By decreasing the expression of cdk4 and p16, pimecrolimus, methotrexate, and mycophenolate mofetil decrease the malignant potential of OLP lesions. However, methorexate can be a better alternative in cases showing high cdk4 expression.
Enteral lactoferrin for the treatment of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates; Background
Associations Between Urine Excretion of Isoflavonoids and Cognition in Postmenopausal Women in the Women's Isoflavone Soy Health Clinical Trial; Objectives
A comparison of oral and topical corticosteroids in patients with bullous pemphigoid; Background: Bullous pemphigoid is the most common autoimmune blistering skin disease of the elderly. Because elderly people have low tolerance for standard regimens of oral corticosteroids, we studied whether highly potent topical corticosteroids could decrease mortality while controlling disease.
Interventions for the prevention and treatment of herpes simplex virus in patients being treated for cancer; Background
Immunocryosurgery for Non-superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma: A Prospective, Open-label Phase III Study for Tumours ≤ 2 cm in Diameter; Cryosurgery and topical imiquimod are established mono-therapies for superficial basal cell carcinoma (BCC) but are often insufficient for thicker BCCs. We present here a phase HI, prospective, interventional, single-arm (cases only) study (trial registration: NCT01212562) to evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of cryosurgery (liquid nitrogen, open spray, 2 x 15 s; day 14) during 5 weeks' imiquimod ("immunocryosurgery") for primary, non-superficial BCC, <= 2 cm in diameter. Ninety-one consecutive patients with 134 basal cell carcinoma were evaluated. A total of 83 patients (124 tumours) started treatment, and 79 patients (119 tumours) completed at least one cycle of immunocryosurgery (feasibility: 95.2%; follow-up: 18-60 months). The efficacy after one treatment cycle was 95 +/- 2% stable complete remissions (116/119 tumours cleared, 3/116 tumours relapsed: 6 treatment "failures"). Neither tumour size (p=0.865) nor localization (p=0.233) predicted outcome. Repeat immunocryosurgery controlled 5/6 treatment failures (overall efficacy: 99%). Lack of a conventionally treated control group is a limitation of this study. However, the results show a high therapeutic efficacy of immunocryosurgery in a large series of primary non-superficial BCC.
Fermented foods and inflammation: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Objective: The effect of fermented foods consumption on inflammation has been investigated in several studies, but findings are inconsistent. Therefore we conducted a meta-analysis to examine the effect of fermented foods on inflammatory biomarkers including C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha in the general adult population.
The Influence of Health and Lifestyle Characteristics on the Relation of Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D With Risk of Colorectal and Breast Cancer in Postmenopausal Women; The authors' objective was to discern whether lifestyle or health-related factors were confounders, effect modifiers, or irrelevant with regard to understanding observational associations of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D) with colorectal and breast cancer. The authors conducted nested case-control studies of colorectal cancer (310 cases, 310 controls) and breast cancer (1,080 cases, 1,080 controls) in the Women's Health Initiative Calcium and Vitamin D Clinical Trial (1994-2005). Case-control matching factors included age, latitude, race/ethnicity, and blood collection date. Serum 25(OH) D was assayed in baseline fasting blood. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios for each cancer by serum 25(OH) D concentration, comparing the relative effects of successively adding body mass index, physical activity, and other health and lifestyle characteristics particular to each cancer. In models with matching factors only, low (vs. high) serum 25(OH) D was associated with a colorectal cancer odds ratio of 2.72 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.55, 4.77) and a breast cancer odds ratio of 1.33 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.72). In multivariate-adjusted models for colorectal cancer, the association strengthened (OR = 4.45, 95% CI: 1.96, 10.10). However, in multivariate-adjusted breast cancer models, associations were no longer significant (OR = 1.06, 95% CI: 0.78, 1.43). Adjusting for health and lifestyle characteristics has differential effects depending on the cancer site; when modeling such relations, investigators should take these factors into account.
Glucose supplementation has minimal effects on blood neutrophil function and gene expression in vitro; During early lactation, glucose availability is low and the effect of glucose supply on bovine polymorphonuclear leukocyte (PMNL) function is poorly understood. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of glucose supplementation on the function and transcriptomic inflammatory response of PMNL from cows in early and mid-lactation in vitro. Twenty Holstein cows in early (n = 10; days in milk = 17 +/- 3.1) and mid-lactation (n = 10; days in milk = 168 +/- 14.8) were used for this study. Jugular blood was analyzed for serum concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids, P-hydroxybutyrate, and glucose. Polymorphonuclear leukocytes were isolated and diluted using RPMI (basal glucose concentration was 7.2 mM) to different concentrations of PMNL/mL for phagocytosis, chemotaxis, gene expression, and medium analyses. Working solutions of glucose (0 or 4 mM of D-glucose) and lipopolysaccharide (0 or 50 mu g/mL) were added and tubes were incubated for 120 min at 37 degrees C. Media were analyzed for concentrations of glucose and tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha). Data were analyzed in a randomized block (stage of lactation) design. Challenge with lipopolysaccharide increased the expression of the genes encoding for nuclear factor kappa B (NFKB1), IL-10 (IL10), IL1B, IL6, IL8, TNF-alpha (TNFA), glucose transporter (SLC2A3), and the concentration of TNF-alpha in medium (147.3 vs. 72.5 pg/mL for lipopolysaccharide and control, respectively). Main effect of stage of lactation was minimal where the expression of IL10 increased for cows in early compared with cows in mid-lactation. After lipopolysaccharide challenge, cows in early lactation experienced more marked increases in the expression of IL6, TNFA, and IL8 when compared with cows in midlactation. Glucose supplementation had minimal effects on gene expression where glucose supplementation increased the expression of lysozyme (LYZ). Glucose supplementation increased PMNL phagocytosis but did not alter chemotaxis, morphology, or concentration of TNF-alpha in the medium. Under the conditions of the experiment, stage of lactation had minimal effects on PMNL response to glucose supply where only the expression of NFKB1 and the production of TNF-alpha were greater for cows in mid-lactation when compared with early lactation. Metabolic profiles for cows in early lactation did not parallel those for cows during the early postpartum period and may partly explain results for this study. Future studies investigating the effect of glucose supply on bovine PMNL function in vivo and how this may be altered by stage of lactation are warranted.
Gene expression profiling of cutaneous wound healing; Background: Although the sequence of events leading to wound repair has been described at the cellular and, to a limited extent, at the protein level this process has yet to be fully elucidated. Genome wide transcriptional analysis tools promise to further define the global picture of this complex progression of events.
Effects of early postnatal gastric and colonic microbiota transplantation on piglet gut health; Background Diarrhea is a major cause of reduced growth and mortality in piglets during the suckling and weaning periods and poses a major threat to the global pig industry. Diarrhea and gut dysbiosis may in part be prevented via improved early postnatal microbial colonization of the gut. To secure better postnatal gut colonization, we hypothesized that transplantation of colonic or gastric content from healthy donors to newborn recipients would prevent diarrhea in the recipients in the post-weaning period. Our objective was to examine the impact of transplanting colonic or gastric content on health and growth parameters and paraclinical parameters in recipient single-housed piglets exposed to a weaning transition and challenged with enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (ETEC).Methods Seventy-two 1-day-old piglets were randomized to four groups: colonic microbiota transplantation (CMT, n = 18), colonic content filtrate transplantation (CcFT, n = 18), gastric microbiota transplantation (GMT, n = 18), or saline (CON, n = 18). Inoculations were given on d 2 and 3 of life, and all piglets were milk-fed until weaning (d 20) and shortly after challenged with ETEC (d 24). We assessed growth, diarrhea prevalence, ETEC concentration, organ weight, blood parameters, small intestinal morphology and histology, gut mucosal function, and microbiota composition and diversity.Results Episodes of diarrhea were seen in all groups during both the milk- and the solid-feeding phase, possibly due to stress associated with single housing. However, CcFT showed lower diarrhea prevalence on d 27, 28, and 29 compared to CON (all P < 0.05). CcFT also showed a lower ETEC prevalence on d 27 (P < 0.05). CMT showed a higher alpha diversity and a difference in beta diversity compared to CON (P < 0.05). Growth and other paraclinical endpoints were similar across groups.Conclusion In conclusion, only CcFT reduced ETEC-related post-weaning diarrhea. However, the protective effect was marginal, suggesting that higher doses, more effective modalities of administration, longer treatment periods, and better donor quality should be explored by future research to optimize the protective effects of transplantation.
Adherence to Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Style Diet and the Risk of Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; Objective: Several investigators have proposed a protective association between dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) style diet and risk of cancers; however, they have had inconsistent results. The present study aimed to systematically review the prospective cohort studies and if possible quantify the overall effect using meta-analysis. Methods: PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched for cohort studies published up to July 2018. Relative risks (RRs) that were reported for fully adjusted models and their confidence intervals were extracted for meta-analysis. The random effects model was used to combine the RRs. Results: Seventeen studies were eligible to be included in the systematic review, from which nine reports assessed the association between the DASH diet and risk of mortality from all cancer types, four assessed incidence of colorectal cancer, and two studies assessed the risk of colon and rectal cancer separately. Four studies examined the association with the incidence of other cancers (breast, hepatic, endometrial, and lung cancer). Meta-analysis showed that high adherence to DASH is associated with a decreased mortality from all cancer types (RR = 0.84, 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 0.81-0.86). Participants with the highest adherence to the DASH diet had a lower risk of developing colorectal (RR = 0.79, 95%CI: 0.75-0.83), colon (RR = 0.80, 95%CI: 0.74-0.87), and rectal (RR = 0.84, 95%CI: 0.74-0.96) cancers compared to those with the lowest adherence. Conclusion: DASH-style diet should be suggested as a healthy approach associated with decreased risk of cancer in the community. Prospective studies exploring the association for other cancer types and from regions other than the United States are highly recommended.
Advances in non and minimal-invasive transcutaneous delivery of immunotherapy for cancer treatment; Cancer research has focused on figuring out what was the difference between cancer cells and the tissues within which cancer arose and developing targeted treatments for those differences. With FDA-approved treatments for more ten different cancers and more than thousand new clinical trials, immunotherapy has recently emerged as the most promising area of cancer research by improving efficacy and controlling the adverse effects. Transcutaneous delivery drug delivery offers a number of advantages for the patient because of not only its noninvasive and convenient nature but also factors such as avoidance of first-pass metabolism and prevention of gastrointestinal degradation. The purpose of this review was to highlight technological recent approaches to non and minimal-invasive delivery of immunotherapy for cancer treatment. Finally, some practical considerations and discussions for future studies in the field of transdermal immunomodulation are also included.
Effects of glycerol-esters of saturated short- and medium chain fatty acids on immune, health and growth variables in veal calves; In veal and dairy beef production systems, Holstein bull calves experience many stressors and excessive pathogen exposure, necessitating the use of antimicrobials for welfare and production reasons. The aim of this randomized clinical trial was to explore the effects of esterified fatty acids used as feed supplement on health, production and immune variables in veal calves. Different glycerol-esters of fatty acids were used: short chain fatty acid (SCFA)based glycerol-mono- (C4) and tributyrate (C4), and medium chain fatty acid (MCFA)-based glycerol-monocaprylate/monocaprinate (C8/C10) and glycerol-monolaurate (C12) in two different doses. One hundred sixty eight calves (2-to 4-week-old) were randomly assigned to 6 treatment groups; tributyrate (0.5 g/animal/day); monobutyrate (1 g/animal/day); low C8/C10 (7 g/animal/day) and high C8/C10 (10 g/animal/day); low C12 (4 g/animal/day) and high C12 (6 g/animal/day) and a control group (CON). Duration of in-feed supplementation was 14 weeks. Average daily gain, bodyweight at 14 weeks on feed and slaughter weight were determined. Health monitoring consisted of clinical signs and repeated thoracic ultrasonography. After 4, 8 and 12 weeks of supplementation, the function of neutrophils, monocytes and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) was evaluated ex vivo by measuring reactive oxygen species (ROS) production by neutrophils and monocytes, proliferation of and cytokine release by PBMCs.
Effects of isoenergetic supplementation as water use mitigation strategy on water footprint and health of nursing bull calves; Sustainable livestock systems focus on mitigating natural resource use such as water. Dietary management strategies can significantly reduce the water footprint of livestock animals; however, animal health is of concern when animals reduce water intake due to subacute dehydration. To evaluate potential consequences of this nutritional management intervention, a total of 23, 60 +/- 3 days old nursing Holstein bull calves, weighing 94.7 +/- 12.07 kg, were distributed in a completely randomized design and received one of three diets. Control was a basal diet composed of a non-medicated milk replacer (milk replacer; n = 7), and the additional two diets, were composed of the same non-medicated milk replacer in addition to either lipid [n = 8; milk replacer + menhaden fish oil (3 %)] or soluble carbohydrate [n = 8; milk replacer + corn starch (7%) isoenergetic to fat group] supplements. Animals were offered ad libitum mineral mix and water, as well as 120 g/day of a composite mix of dried microbrewery's spent grains. Data were analyzed as linear and generalized linear mixed models with diet as a fixed effect and animal as random utilizing R studio (R Core Team, 2021, Vienna, Austria; SAS Inst., Cary, NC). Within supplementation groups, lipid supplemented calves had the highest lymphocyte (63.24 vs 57.69 counts/100 lymphocytes; P < 0.033), and lowest neutrophil counts (29.3 vs 35.3 counts/100 lymphocytes; P < 0.047). Supplementation significantly increased total serum protein (P = 0.001) and skin moisture (P < 0.011), with carbohydrate group having the highest skin moisture (5.30 vs 3.99; P < 0.047). Supplementation also decreased fecal fluidity scores (P < 0.001) with no significant change in serum electrolytes (P > 0.256). No significant differences were found amongst treatments for the ingestive behavior (P > 0.338). The carbohydrate-supplemented calves significantly decreased all daily water footprints compared to the control and fat-supplemented groups: blue a 47.55 L decrease, (P < 0.001), green a 265.62 L decrease (P = 0.005), and gray a 55.87 L decrease (P = 0.009) water footprint, as well as total water footprint (369.04 L, P = 0.004). Our results indicate the potential to maintain animal performance while increasing water use efficiency through diet supplementation tailored to mitigate water use, without adverse effects on animal health.
Prophylaxis and management of acute radiation-induced skin reactions: a systematic review of the literature; Radiation therapy is a common treatment for cancer patients. One of the most common side effects of radiation is acute skin reaction (radiation dermatitis) that ranges from a mild rash to severe ulceration. Approximately 85% of patients treated with radiation therapy will experience a moderate-to-severe skin reaction. Acute radiation-induced skin reactions often lead to itching and pain, delays in treatment, and diminished aesthetic appearance-and subsequently to a decrease in quality of life.
Calcium Plus Vitamin D Supplementation and the Risk of Breast Cancer; Although some observational studies have associated higher calcium intake and especially higher vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels with lower breast cancer risk, no randomized trial has evaluated these relationships.
Factors associated with selling price of cattle at livestock marts; The objective of this study was to determine the factors associated with selling price of animals at livestock marts around Ireland. Data consisted of four distinct maturity categories: calves (2 to 84 days of age, n = 53838); weanlings (6 to 12 months of age, n = 19972); post-weanlings (12 to 36 months of age, n = 93 081) and cows (>30 months to 12 years of age, n = 94839); sold through livestock marts between 2000 and 2008. Factors associated with animal price were determined within each maturity category separately using mixed models; random effects were mart, date of sale nested within mart, and herd of origin nested within year of sale. Mean selling price was (sic)157, (sic)580, (sic)655 and (sic)592 for calves, weanlings, post-weanlings and cows, respectively The greatest prices were paid for singleton crossbred male calves, weanlings and post-weanlings from older dams. With the exception of the Aberdeen Angus, beef breeds and their crosses consistently received higher prices than their dairy counterparts across all four maturity categories; increased proportion of Belgian Blue and Charolais was associated with greater prices compared with other beef breeds. When live-weight was included in the multiple regression models the association between price and all factors regressed toward zero but most factors remained associated with price. The highest price was recorded in the spring months for calves, post-weanlings and cows, and in the autumn months for weanlings. Results from this study may be used to help farmers make more informed management decisions, as well as provide information for bio-economic models for evaluating alternative production systems or estimating economic values.
Periurban outbreaks of bovine calf scours in Northern India caused by <i>Cryptosporidium</i> in association with other enteropathogens; Bovine calf scours reported to be caused by multiple aetiologies resulting in heavy mortality in unweaned calves and huge economic loss to the dairy farmers. Among these, cryptosporidiosis is an emerging waterborne zoonoses and one of the important causes of neonatal calf diarrhoea. Poor immune response coupled with primary cryptosporidial infections predispose neonatal calves to multiple secondary infections resulting in their deaths. In the present study, faecal samples from 100 diarrhoeic calves randomly picked up out of 17 outbreaks of bovine calf diarrhoea in periurban Ludhiana, Punjab in Northern India were subjected to conventional (microscopy, modified Zeihl-Neelsen (mZN) staining) and immunological and molecular techniques (faecal antigen capture ELISA and PCR) for detection of primary Cryptosporidium parvum infection as well as other frequently reported concurrent pathogens, viz. rotavirus and coronavirus, Salmonella spp., Escherichia coli, Clostridium perfringens and Eimeria spp. The faecal antigen capture ELISA and PCR revealed 35% prevalence of C. parvum in contrast to 25% by mZN staining with a relatively higher prevalence (66.7%) in younger (8-14-day-old) calves. The detection rate of the other enteropathogens associated with C. parvum was 45.71% for C. perfringens followed by Salmonella spp (40.0%), rotavirus (36.0%), coronavirus (16.0%), E. coli (12.0%) and Eimeria spp (4.0%) The sensitivity for detection of C. parvum by ELISA and mZN staining in comparison to PCR was 97.14% and 72.72%, respectively. An important finding of the study was that C. parvum alone was found in only 10% of the diarrhoeic faecal samples, whereas, majority of the samples (90%) showed mixed infections ranging from a combination of two to five agents. This is the first documentary proof of C. parvum and associated pathogens responsible for severe periurban outbreaks of bovine calf diarrhoea culminating in heavy mortality from Northern India.
Impact of including the cause of missing records on genetic evaluations for growth in commercial pigs; It is of interest to evaluate crossbred pigs for hot carcass weight (HCW) and birth weight (BW); however, obtaining a HCW record is dependent on livability (LIV) and retained tag (RT). The purpose of this study is to analyze how HCW evaluations are affected when herd removal and missing identification are included in the model and examine if accounting for the reasons for missing traits improves the accuracy of predicting breeding values. Pedigree information was available for 1,965,077 purebred and crossbred animals. Records for 503,716 commercial three-way crossbred terminal animals from 2014 to 2019 were provided by Smithfield Premium Genetics. Two pedigree-based models were compared; model 1 (M1) was a threshold-linear model with all four traits (BW, HCW, RT, and LIV), and model 2 (M2) was a linear model including only BW and HCW. The fixed effects used in the model were contemporary group, sex, age at harvest (for HCW only), and dam parity. The random effects included direct additive genetic and random litter effects. Accuracy, dispersion, bias, and Pearson correlations were estimated using the linear regression method. The heritabilities were 0.11, 0.07, 0.02, and 0.04 for BW, HCW, RT, and LIV, respectively, with standard errors less than 0.01. No difference was observed in heritabilities or accuracies for BW and HCW between M1 and M2. Accuracies were 0.33, 0.37, 0.19, and 0.23 for BW, HCW, RT, and LIV, respectively. The genetic correlation between BW and RT was 0.34 +/- 0.03, and between BW and LIV was 0.56 +/- 0.03. Similarly, the genetic correlation between HCW and RT was 0.26 +/- 0.04, and between HCW and LIV was 0.09 +/- 0.05, respectively. The positive and moderate genetic correlations between BW and other traits imply a heavier BW resulted in a higher probability of surviving to harvest. Genetic correlations between HCW and other traits were lower due to the large quantity of missing records. Despite the heritable and correlated aspects of RT and LIV, results imply no major differences between M1 and M2; hence, it is unnecessary to include these traits in classical models for BW and HCW.
NUTRITIONAL APPLICATIONS OF A CLINICAL LOW-FAT DIETARY INTERVENTION TO PUBLIC-HEALTH CHANGE; There have been many recommendations to reduce dietary fat consumption, yet little research has focused on how individuals actually change their fat consumption. The Women's Health Trial (WHT) was successful in dramatically reducing the fat intake of women. It was designed as a multi-centered trial to evaluate whether a low fat diet could reduce the incidence of breast cancer. This paper reports the results of nutritional endpoints: the methods used by the women to modify their diets, and the patterns of change that distinguished consistently good performers. Three hundred and three women were recruited through a series of screening visits and randomized to either intervention or control conditions. Intervention women received a fat gram goal of 20% of calories from fat and 20 dietary behavior change sessions. Fat consumption was assessed using weighed four-day food records at baseline and 3, 6, 12 and 24 month follow-up visits. Seventy-seven percent of the subjects in the WHT reduced their fat intakes from a mean of 39% of calories to 20% by six months. Over two-thirds of all subjects were maintaining that level two years later. The most and least successful performers made similar proportionate changes in fats from four food groups (fats/oils, red meats, dairy, and grain products). The major differences among the women were in the extent of the cuts made in the fat contributed from each food group and in long-term maintenance of the reductions. Specifically, the more successful women had less difficulty in making substantial reductions in the fat contributed by the fats/oils, red meat and dairy food groups. During maintenance, there was some minimal backsliding in the fats/oils group, but the initial reductions in the red meat and dairy groups were sustained. All the women appeared to have equal difficulty increasing their food intake from the complex carbohydrate food groups (fruits, vegetables, and grain products). These data have implications for the design of public health interventions to lower dietary fat.
Health effects of vitamin D; Increasing data suggest that many or most adults in the United States and Europe would benefit from vitamin D supplements. This review summarizes the benefits of vitamin D with the strongest evidence today from randomized controlled trials for fall and fracture prevention.
Radiation induced skin reactions during and following radiotherapy: A systematic review of interventions; Introduction: Radiation induced skin reactions (RISR) are a common adverse effect of radiotherapy that can impact on patient quality of life. The aim of this systematic review was to identify new research evidence on interventions for RISR to guide health practitioners on best practice skin care for people receiving radiotherapy.
Prevention of colorectal cancer and dietary management; Objectives: This systematic review focuses on dietary and lifestyle risk factors for colorectal cancer (CRC) prevention and chemoprevention among high-risk populations.
Astaxanthin inhibits cytokines production and inflammatory gene expression by suppressing IκB kinase-dependent nuclear factor κB activation in pre and postpartum Murrah buffaloes during different seasons; Aim: We examined regulatory function of astaxanthin on mRNA expression of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B) p65. interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), and interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in pre and postpartum Murrah buffaloes during summer (temperature-humidity index [THI]=86; relative humidity [RH]=24) and winter (THI=58.74; RH=73) seasons.
Physicians Underestimate Calcium Intake in Women; Background and Objectives: Personalized nutritional counseling about calcium intake during office encounters requires rapid estimation of calcium intake. We compared the accuracy of physician estimates to a validated calcium intake measure and characterized women whose intakes were incorrectly deemed inadequate by physicians. Methods: As part of a controlled trial of brief, office-based calcium intake counseling of women, family physicians estimated calcium intake from patients' self-reported intake of dairy food/beverage intake and from their supplement use. We compared estimates to the Short Calcium Questionnaire (SCQ), a validated 7-day dietary recall measure completed by patients. Sensitivity/specificity of physician-estimated calcium intake was estimated by comparison with the SCQ. Results: For 97 women, SCQ rated 32 (33%) as inadequate, 55 (57%) as adequate, and 10 (10%) as excessive. When compared to SCQ, the sensitivity of physician-estimated calcium intake inadequacy was 97% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 94%-100%), specificity was 51% (95% CI: 41%-61%), and positive predictive value was 49% (95% CI: 39%-59%). Women with underestimated intakes were more likely to report a family history of osteoporosis and take a daily multivitamin. The major source of physician underestimation of calcium intake was underestimate of dairy product contribution. Conclusions: More accurate estimates of dairy-based calcium intake.
Amelioration of Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients by a Bioadhesive Barrier-Forming Gel (Episil): A Single-Center, Open, Parallel, Randomized, Phase I/II Controlled Trial; Episil is a bioadhesive barrier-forming liquid gel that can relieve mucositis caused by radiotherapy (RT) and effectively relieve pain. The purpose of this trial is to compare the efficacy and safety of Episil in improving acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) in patients with breast cancer. This study included patients who met the criteria for postoperative RT for breast cancer. The primary end point was the grade of RD during treatment. A total of 102 patients were included in this study. The patients were grouped in a 2:1 ratio using the randomized number table method: 67 patients received Episil combined with conventional skin care (the Episil group), whereas the remaining 35 patients served as the control group and received conventional skin care only (the control group). According to the grading criteria of the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG), the skin reaction rate and severity were significantly better in the Episil group than the control group (24.62%, 72.31%, 3.08, 0, 0 vs. 0, 85.71%, 14.29%, 0, 0, 0) across grades 0 to 4 (P < 0.05). The itchiness score exhibited s significant reduction in the Episil group as compared with the control group (P < 0.05). The results of the European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire (EORTC QLQ-C30) showed that the overall health (z = -5.855, P < 0.001) and overall quality of life (z = -6.583, P < 0.001) were better in the Episil group than the control group after RT. Overall, in patients with breast cancer receiving RT, the topical application of Episil may significantly reduce the grading of ARD, alleviate patient symptoms, and improve the patient's overall quality of life.
Topical phenytoin for treating pressure ulcers; Background
The Application of a Moldable Skin Barrier in the Self-Care of Elderly Ostomy Patients; The quality of ostomy directly affects the stoma patient's quality of life. This study investigated the application of a moldable skin barrier in the self-care of elderly stoma patients after colostomy for colorectal cancer. A total of 104 elderly stoma patients (65-79 years) who underwent colostomy because of colorectal cancer were randomly divided into an experimental group (56 cases) receiving a moldable skin barrier and a control group (48 cases) receiving a conventional skin barrier. The information on peristomal irritant dermatitis occurrence, the satisfaction of self-care, and related care costs were collected 1 month after patients were discharged from the hospital. The overall incidence of irritant dermatitis was significantly lower (p = .01), the self-care satisfaction score was significantly higher (p = .02), and the cost for leakage-proof cream (p < .001) was significantly lower in the experimental group than in the control group. In contrast, no significant differences in the cost of ostomy equipment and the barrier replacement interval were observed. In conclusion, a moldable skin barrier can reduce the incidence of irritant dermatitis in elderly stoma patients, improve their self-care satisfaction, and reduce the cost of leakage-proof cream use compared with the conventional stoma skin barrier.
The Effect of Maternal Supplementation of Zinc, Selenium, and Cobalt as Slow-Release Ruminal Bolus in Late Pregnancy on Some Blood Metabolites and Performance of Ewes and Their Lambs; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of the supplementation of a slow-release bolus of zinc (Zn), selenium (Se), and cobalt (Co) at late gestation (6week prepartum) on performance and some blood metabolites of Mehraban ewes and their lambs until weaning. Seventy pregnant ewes, 6weeks prior to expected lambing, were randomly divided into two groups (35 heads each) including (1) control group and (2) slow-release bolus group. Blood samples of ewes were obtained on day 10 prepartum and 45 and 90days postpartum, and milk samples were collected on day 45. Blood samples of lambs were collected on days 10, 45, and 90. Body weight at birth and weaning and average daily gain were higher and percentage of mortality and white muscle disease rate were lower in lambs whose mothers were given a bolus (P<0.05). Slow-release bolus administration increased serum alkaline phosphatase and whole blood glutathione peroxidase activity, plasma concentrations of Zn, Se, and vitamin B-12 in ewes and their lambs (P<0.05). In addition, serum creatine phosphokinase activity of lambs whose mothers were given bolus was lower (P<0.05). Serum concentration of T-3 in bolus given ewes and their lambs was higher (P<0.05) and serum T-4 concentration was lower (P<0.05). Zinc, Se, and vitamin B-12 concentrations in milk were significantly higher in treated ewes (P<0.05). Obtained results showed that maternal supplementation of zinc, selenium, and cobalt as slow-release ruminal bolus in late pregnancy improved some mineral status of ewes and their lambs until weaning and led to higher body weights of lambs at weaning.
A Comprehensive Review Evaluating the Impact of Protein Source (Vegetarian vs. Meat Based) in Hepatic Encephalopathy; Hepatic encephalopathy (HE) is a common neurological consequence in patients with cirrhosis and has a healthcare burden of USD 5370 to 50,120 per patient annually. HE significantly hampers the quality of life and is a major cause of morbidity and mortality. Patients with cirrhosis are at a high risk for protein-calorie malnutrition due to altered metabolism. Current evidence has changed the old belief of protein restriction in patients with cirrhosis and now 1.2 to 1.5 g/kg/day protein intake is recommended. Case series and studies with small numbers of participants showed that a vegetarian protein diet decreases the symptoms of HE when compared to a meat-based diet, but the evidence is limited and requires further larger randomized controlled trials. However, vegetable or milk-based protein diets are good substitutes for patients averse to meat intake. Branch chain amino acids (BCAA) (leucine, isoleucine and valine) have also been shown to be effective in alleviating symptoms of HE and are recommended as an alternative therapy in patients with cirrhosis for the treatment of HE. In this review, we provide an overview of current literature evaluating the role of protein intake in the management of HE in cirrhosis.
Topical Boswellic acids for treatment of photoaged skin; Boswellic acids (BAs) are pentacyclic triterpenes extracted from the gum resins of the tropical tree Boswellia serrata. They are orally administered in traditional Indian medicine for the treatment of several inflammatory disease and cancer because of their anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory activities as well as stimulatory effects on fibroblasts.
Disposition of soy isoflavones in normal human breast tissue; Background: Despite decades of research on the relation between soy and breast cancer, questions regarding the absorption, metabolism, and distribution of isoflavones in breast tissue largely remain unanswered.
Characterization of the double purpose bovine system and reproductive evaluation of bulls in the state of Chiapas; A study was carried out with cattle producers in a dual purpose system, in Villaflores, Chiapas, Mexico, the objective of characterizing the production system and evaluating the reproductive condition of stallions in active service. A sampling survey was carried out in 36 farmers, randomly chosen from a total of 160 producers, according to a stratified sampling design with Neyman allocation. The opinion survey included the approach as producer's made the selection of sire's, heifer's replacement and productive indicators. The reproductive evaluation included scrotal circumference (CE), semen quality depending of genetic type and body condition was also evaluated (DC). The results showed a dual purpose production system, based on Brown Swiss breed and their cross with Zebu. The farm average size was 32.9 ha and herd's size 51.6 animals on average. The average milk production was 6.98 kg cow(-1) day(-1), milking 1.2 times day(-1), the lactation period was 205 days and the heifer's age at first service was 28.8 months. The reproductive evaluation showed that 13.9% of the bulls presented reproductive problems such as azoospermia and high sperm mortality, derived from the inefficiency of the management system during breeding and lack of timely diagnoses of the fertility of the bulls. It was concluded that the producers consider the selection of heifers by milk production and weaning weight of the calves, but their evaluation is subjective due to the lack of records. The presence of bulls with reproductive problems is due to the fact that there is no defined breeding season.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet retains effectiveness to reduce blood pressure when lean pork is substituted for chicken and fish as the predominant source of protein; Background: Hypertension is a major, modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular and kidney disease and premature mortality that is improved by the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet. The DASH diet emphasizes increased consumption of fruit and vegetables, whole grains, low-fat dairy, nuts, and poultry and fish and reduced intakes of fats, red meats (including pork), sodium, and added sugars.
Oral Administration of Coronavirus Spike Protein Provides Protection to Newborn Pigs When Challenged with PEDV; To investigate whether oral administration of maize-produced S antigen can provide passive immunity to piglets against porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV), 16 pregnant sows were randomly assigned to one of four treatments: (1) injection of PEDV vaccine (INJ), (2) maize grain without S protein (CON), (3) maize grain containing low dose of S antigen (LOV) and (4) maize grain containing a high dose of S antigen (HOV). Vaccines were administered on days 57, 85 and 110 of gestation. Sows' serum and colostrum were collected at farrowing and milk on day 6 post-challenge to quantify neutralizing antibodies (NABs) and cytokines. Piglets were challenged with PEDV 3-5 d after farrowing, and severity of disease and mortality assessed on day 11 post-challenge. Disease severity was lower in LOV and INJ compared with HOV and CON, whereas the survival rate increased in piglets from LOV sows compared with HOV and CON (p <= 0.001). Higher titers of NABs and lower levels of cytokine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in sows' milk were positively correlated with piglet survivability (p <= 0.05). These data suggest that feeding S protein in corn to pregnant sows protects nursing piglets against PEDV.
Probiotics as efficient immunopotentiators: Translational role in cancer prevention; Accumulating evidences indicate that some diseases are triggered by abnormalities of the gut microbiota. Among these, immune-related diseases can be the promising targets for probiotcs. Several studies have proved the efficacy of probiotics for preventing such diseases including cancers, infections, allergies, inflammatory bowel diseases and autoimmune diseases. Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota (LcS) is one of the most popular probiotics, benefits of which in health maintenance and disease control have been supported by several science-based evidences. This review summarizes human clinical trials with this probiotic against cancer development and also discusses the possible immunomodulatory mechanisms by which LcS exerts anti-cancer activity.
Soymilk intake has desirable effects on phosphorus and calcium metabolism; The objective was to evaluate the effect of replacing milk with soymilk or calcium-fortified soymilk as a part of a meal on postprandial serum phosphorus levels. This study had a randomized crossover design. Ten healthy subjects were enrolled and consumed three test meals that contained either milk, soymilk, or calcium-fortified soymilk containing the same amount of calcium as milk. Blood samples were collected at 0, 30, 60, 120, 240 and 360 min and urine samples were collected from 0 to 360 min after consuming the test meal. Serum phosphorus levels decreased the most after the ingestion of the soymilk meal, and the least after the ingestion of the milk meal. After the ingestion of each meal, serum intact parathyroid hormone levels showed an initial drop followed by a gradual rise, and these changes were more pronounced for the soymilk meal than for the milk meal and the soymilk + calcium meal. Our study shows that replacing milk with soymilk as a part of a meal may suppress the postprandial elevation in serum phosphorus levels, even when the soymilk contains the same amount of calcium as milk.
Red Meat Intake and the Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases: A Prospective Cohort Study in the Million Veteran Program; Background: Red meat consumption was associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in prospective cohort studies and a profile of biomarkers favoring high CVD risk in short-term controlled trials. However, several recent systematic reviews and metaanalyses concluded with no or weak evidence for limiting red meat intake. Objectives: To prospectively examine the associations between red meat intake and incident CVD in an ongoing cohort study with diverse socioeconomic and racial or ethnic backgrounds. Methods: Our study included 148,506 participants [17,804 female (12.0%)] who were free of cancer, diabetes, and CVD at baseline the Million Veteran Program. A food frequency questionnaire measured red meat intakes at baseline. Nonfatal myocardial infarction acute ischemic stroke were identified through a high-throughput phenotyping algorithm, and fatal CVD events were identified by searching the National Death Index. Results: Comparing the extreme categories of intake, the multivariate-adjusted relative risks of CVD was 1.18 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.38; P -trend 0.0001) for total red meat, 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.36; P -trend = 0.01) for unprocessed red meat, and 1.29 (95% CI: 1.04, 1.60; P -trend 0.003) for processed red meat. We observed a more pronounced positive association between red meat intake and CVD in African American participants than in White participants (P-interaction = 0.01). Replacing 0.5 servings/d of red meat with 0.5 servings/d of nuts, whole grains, and skimmed milk was associated with 14% (RR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.90), 7% (RR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.89, 0.96), and 4% (RR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.94, 0.99) lower risks of CVD, respectively. Conclusions: Red meat consumption is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Our findings support lowering red meat intake replacing red meat with plant-based protein sources or low-fat dairy foods as a key dietary recommendation for the prevention of CVD.
Selection of dilution material for non-iodinated iodine as an oral contrast agent for esophageal cancer: a preliminary clinical trial; Purpose To investigate the filling state of the esophagus using different oral contrast agents for the diagnosis of esophageal cancer by computed tomography (CT). Materials and methods This preliminary clinical trial enrolled patients with suspected esophageal carcinoma and admitted from January 2015 to January 2018. The patients were randomized into the yogurt (mixed with ioversol), lotus root powder (mixed with ioversol), gas-producing powder, and control (pure iodine water) groups. Chest CT examinations were performed. The degree of esophageal filling and the detection of esophageal lesions were compared. Results Finally, 136 participants were enrolled (n = 34/group). There were no significant differences in esophageal filling degree among the yogurt, lotus root powder, and gas-producing powder groups (P = 0.093). There were 30/3/1 and 30/3/1 confirmed/false-negative/false-positive diagnoses in the yogurt and lotus powder groups, respectively, compared with 28/5/1 and 25/8/1 in the gas-producing powder and control groups, respectively. The concordance rates were the highest for the yogurt (88.2%, with 91.7% specificity and 86.4% sensitivity) and lotus root powder groups (88.2%, with 92.3% specificity and 85.7% sensitivity) and the lowest for the control group (73.5%, with 90.0% specificity and 66.7% sensitivity). Conclusion Yogurt mixed with ioversol could fill and expand the esophagus with minimal preparation, displaying the structure of the esophageal lumen and wall thickness. This mixture might be used as a positive contrast agent for esophageal CT. Similar results were observed for the lotus root powder mixed with ioversol, but its preparation was more arduous.
A randomised study of topical 5% imiquimod vs. topical 5-fluorouracil vs. cryosurgery in immunocompetent patients with actinic keratoses: a comparison of clinical and histological outcomes including 1-year follow-up; Background Actinic keratoses (AK) frequently occur on sun-exposed skin and are considered as in situ squamous cell carcinoma. To date, no treatment algorithm exists for first or second line therapies due to the lack of comparative studies.
Dietary Proteins and Atherosclerosis; More than one hundred years ago the "protein hypothesis" of the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and its association with cardiovascular disease was put forward on the basis of animal experiments; however, it has so far never been verified in humans. This theory was soon replaced by the "lipid hypothesis", which was confirmed in humans as of 1994. Epidemiological ecological studies in the 1960 s showed significant associations between dietary animal protein and mortality from cardiovascular disease. However, animal protein intake was also significantly correlated with saturated fatty acid and cholesterol intake. In the last decades two prospective cohort studies demonstrated a decreased cardiovascular risk in women during high- versus low-protein intake when adjusting for other dietary factors (e. g., saturated fats) and other cardiovascular risk factors. A direct cholesterol lowering effect of proteins has not been shown. Despite earlier research indicating that soy protein has cardioprotective effects as compared to other proteins, these observations have not been confirmed by randomized placebo-controlled trials. However, most experts recommend the consumption of foods rich in plant proteins as alternatives to meat and dairy products rich in saturated fat and containing cholesterol. There are no scientific arguments to increase the daily protein intake to more than 20 % of total energy intake as recommended by the guidelines, in order to improve cardiovascular health.
A randomized clinical trial comparing vaginal laser therapy to vaginal estrogen therapy in women with genitourinary syndrome of menopause: The VeLVET Trial; Objective: The aim of the study was to compare 6-month efficacy and safety for treatment of vaginal dryness/genitourinary syndrome of menopause in women undergoing fractionated CO2 vaginal laser therapy to women using estrogen vaginal cream.
Topical Calcipotriol Plus 5-Fluorouracil in the Treatment of Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, and Squamous Cell Carcinoma: A Systematic Review; Background/Objectives: Actinic keratoses (AK) are premalignant skin lesions caused by chronic sun exposure, topically managed by 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), diclofenac 3% gel, and imiquimod. Despite their effectiveness, long treatment duration and severe adverse local skin reactions have limited patient concordance. Calcipotriol has recently been used as a combination agent for existing topical AK treatments. A systematic review was performed to determine the clinical efficacy of 5-FU and calcipotriol for the treatment of AK, Bowen's disease, and squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Methods: A systematic literature search was conducted on Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library. Among the 84 records screened, 12 were retrieved for full-text review and 8 were included in the final analysis. Results: Among the 8 studies, there were 214 control patients and 288 patients who received the intervention. The combination 5% 5-FU with calcipotriol resulted in a significant reduction in the number of AKs on the face, scalp, right upper extremity, and left upper extremity for all sites at 8 weeks (P < .0001). No significant difference in SCC incidence was observed at 1 or 2 years, but there was a significant reduction observed at 3 years for SCC on face and scalp. No study assessed the combination for Bowen's disease. Conclusions: Combination 5% 5-FU with calcipotriol is an effective treatment for Aks; however, future trials may consider longer treatment and follow-up periods for the treatment and prevention of AK, SCC in situ, and SCC.
Short-term increase in the carriage of azithromycin-resistant <i>Escherichia coli</i> and <i>Klebsiella pneumoniae</i> in mothers and their newborns following intra-partum azithromycin: a post hoc analysis of a double-blind randomized trial; Objectives: To evaluate the impact of one oral dose of intrapartum azithromycin (2g) on the carriage and antibiotic resistance of Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae in the nasopharynx, breast milk and vaginal swabs of mothers and K. pneumoniae in the nasopharynx of their newborns.
Effect of cilobradine in cats with a first episode of congestive heart failure due to primary cardiomyopathy; Introduction: Heart rate (HR) is often elevated in cats with cardiomyopathies (CMPs). Pharmacologic modulation of HR may reduce cardiac morbidity and mortality.
Evaluation of treatments with hCG and carprofen at embryo transfer in a demi-embryo and recipient virgin heifer model; An in vivo model, combining a low developmental competence embryo (demi-embryo) and a high-fertility recipient (virgin dairy heifer) was used to evaluate the effects of treatment with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and carprofen at embryo transfer (ET) on plasma progesterone (P-4) concentrations of recipients and on embryonic growth and survival. Embryos were bisected and each demi-embryo was transferred to a recipient on Day 7 of the estrous cycle. At ET, heifers (n = 163) were randomly allocated to treatment with hCG (2500 IU im), carprofen (500mg iv), hCG plus carprofen or to untreated controls. Plasma P-4 concentrations were measured on Days 0, 7, 14 and 21 of all recipients plus on Days 28, 42 and 63 of pregnant recipients. Pregnancy was presumed to be present in recipients with luteal plasma P-4 concentrations until Day 21 and confirmed by using transrectal ultrasonography on Days 28, 42 and 63. Embryonic measurements (crown-rump length and width) were obtained on Day 42. Treatment with hCG induced formation of secondary corpora lutea (CL) in 97% of heifers and increased (P < 0.01) mean plasma P-4 concentrations of non-pregnant recipients on Day 14 and of pregnant heifers on Days 14 to 63. This was associated to a significant decrease in early embryonic mortality. In contrast, subsequent embryonic losses resulted in a non-significant numerical increase by 8% of pregnancies maintained to Day 63. Therefore, treatment with hCG significantly rescued embryos through the maternal recognition of pregnancy window but was not able to support development thereafter. Treatment with carprofen at ET had no significant effects on plasma P-4 concentrations and rate of embryo mortality. Treatment with hCG plus carprofen at ET induced formation of secondary CL in 90% of heifers but decreased the luteotrophic effect of hCG, resulting in no effect on embryo survival. Low developmental competence embryos showed an intrinsic deficiency in overcoming the maternal recognition of pregnancy challenge and in proceeding to further development until Day 28 of pregnancy, whereas mortality beyond this point was residual. Results on pregnancy rates should be confirmed in further experiments involving a larger sample size.
Long-term use of a new topical formulation containing piroxicam 0.8% and sunscreen: efficacy and tolerability on actinic keratosis. A proof of concept study; Introduction: Cyclooxygenase (COX) 1 and 2 enzyme up-regulation is involved in the pathogenetic process of actinic keratosis (A.K.) and non-melanoma skin cancers. Diclofenac, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory (N.S.A.I.D.) drug, is used as topical treatment of A.K. Piroxicam is a N.S.A.I.D. characterized by a high COX-1 inhibition activity.Study aim: We conducted an 18 month exploratory open-label study on A.K., to assess the efficacy and tolerability of a new topical formulation of piroxicam and sunscreen in A.K. patients. Enrolled subjects applied a galenic formulation of piroxicam 0.8%, vehiculated in a topical product containing sun filters with high (50+) and broad spectrum (UVA) actions, twice a day for 6 months. Subjects were then followed up for additional 12 months. Thirty-eight subjects with a total of 69 A.K. lesions participated in the trial. The primary outcome was the evolution of the Actinic Keratosis Erythema Scale Atrophy (A.K.E.S.A) score assessing erythema, scale, and atrophy of a target A.K. lesion. Secondary outcomes were the percentage of treated lesions with complete (100%) or partial (75%) clearance and the evaluation skin tolerability.Results: A.K.E.S.A. mean (S.D.) score at baseline was 7.5 (1.2). After 6 months of treatment, A.K.E.S.A. score decreased to 0.9 (1.1), a -88% reduction versus baseline. At the end of follow-up, A.K.E.S.A. score was 0.8 (1.2). A complete response was achieved in 38 of the 69 lesions (55%, 95% C.I.: 43% to 66%) and clearance was maintained 1 year post-treatment. A partial clearance was observed in 57 of 69 treated lesions (83%, 95% C.I.: 73% to 91%). Adverse events were limited to mild local irritation.Conclusion: Our experience suggests that 6 month topical piroxicam 0.8% is efficacious and well tolerated in A.K. Clinical efficacy is maintained 1 year post-treatment. The main limitation of our study is that it was an open label non-controlled trial. Future controlled trials are warranted in order to compare the efficacy and tolerability of this topical piroxicam preparation with standard treatments in the management of A.K.
The first year of hyperinflation in the former Soviet Union: Nutritional deprivation among elderly pensioners, 1992; Objectives. Hyperinflation began in early 1992 in the former Soviet Union. This paper describes factors associated with nutritional status that year among elderly pensioners.
Interventions for basal cell carcinoma of the skin; Background Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the commonest skin cancer. BCCs are slow-growing, locally invasive, epidermal skin tumours which mainly affect white skinned people. The first line treatment is usually surgical excision, but numerous alternatives are available.
Quality characteristics and sensory evaluation of protein-rich baked snacks for adults with chronic kidney disease: a proof of concept study; Background Adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) have different protein requirements than the general population. Limited protein-rich baked snack options are available for CKD adults. The purpose of this proof of concept study was to develop two protein-rich baked snacks made with whey protein isolate and soy protein isolate and to evaluate their quality characteristics and sensory perceptions for adults with CKD. Methods A control formulation was obtained from the American Association of Cereal Chemists to develop three formulations-dried milk (control), whey protein isolate and soy protein isolate at an unbaked weight of 30 g. Product quality characteristics included moisture content, water activity, shape and size, and texture profile. For the sensory perception, healthy adults (n = 101) and adults with CKD (n = 57) completed a 9-point hedonic scale for appearance, flavor, texture, and overall acceptability. Results Protein content for the whey protein isolate and soy protein isolate reached 20% total weight. Despite containing similar moisture, both formulations were harder than the control (p < 0.001). Healthy participants preferred the whey protein isolate-based snack over the soy protein isolate-based snack for all attributes (p < 0.05). Differences in the same attributes were not perceived among CKD participants (p > 0.05). Open-ended responses from both healthy and CKD participants indicated that the soy protein isolate formulation was softer and sweeter compared to the whey protein isolate formulation. Conclusion Overall, adults with CKD preferred both the whey protein isolate-and soy protein isolate-formulated snacks. These protein-rich baked snacks can be further modified to serve as an alternative snack choice for adults with CKD and used in future clinical trials.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with failure of transfer of passive immunity in spring born beef suckler calves in Great Britain; Calves are born agammaglobulinemic and are dependent on the intake and uptake of immunoglobulins from colostrum for protection against infectious diseases in early life. Failure to absorb sufficient immunoglobulins in the correct timeframe after birth is termed failure of transfer of passive immunity (FPT). FPT has been defined as a serum IgG concentration ([sIgG]) of under 10 g/L in dairy calves, as [sIgG] over 10 g/L has been associated with a decreased risk of mortality and morbidity. In beef calves, a [sIgG] of under 24 g/L has also been shown to be predictive of increased morbidity and mortality. Currently there is limited data relating to the prevalence and risk factors of FPT in the beef sector. This cross-sectional study quantified [sIgG] in 1131 blood samples taken from beef suckler calves born on 84 farms in Great Britain in spring 2018 (mean 13.5 calves sampled per farm, range 3-22). Age of calves at sampling ranged from 1 to 13 days. The estimated prevalence of calves with [sIgG] < 10 g/L in this study population was 15 % (n = 145 calves), whilst 37 % (n = 396 calves) calves had a [sIgG] < 24 g/L. 22 out of the 84 farms had no calves sampled with [sIgG] < 10 g/L. Risk factors predictive of [sIgG] were calculated using generalised linear mixed models, with farm included as a random effect. Calving assistance was significant and increased the likelihood of [sIgG] concentrations < 10 g/L and [sIgG] < 24 g/L, Odds Ratio (OR) 1.66 (1.05-2.62 95 % CI) and 1.91 (1.33-2.74 95 % CI) respectively. All three levels of assistance with colostrum feeding used in this study were significant for calves having a [sIgG] < 24 g/L (Lead to dam OR = 1.85 (1.11-3.06 95 % CI), Bottle/tube fed dam's colostrum OR = 2.35 (1.29-4.30 95 % CI), Bottle/tube fed artificial colostrum OR = 3.78 (1.86-7.70 95 % CI), whilst bottle/tube feeding either dam's or artificial colostrum were also significant for [sIgG] < 10 g/L, OR 2.66 (1.32-5.36 95 % CI) and 2.34 (1.09-5.02 95 % CI) respectively. Male calves had a higher likelihood for [sIgG] < 10 g/L, OR 1.68 (1.12-2.54 95 % CI) whereas being a twin or being born to a heifer were predictive of having a [sIgG] < 24 g/L (OR 3.31 (1.64-6.71 95 % CI), OR 1.57 (1.05-2.35 95 % CI) respectively). This study raises important questions with respect to management practices around calving and highlights the need for reviewing protocols with respect to colostrum assistance and calving assistance on beef farms.
Treatment of In-Transit Melanoma With Intra-Lesional Interleukin-2: A Systematic Review; BackgroundSeveral phase II studies have assessed intra-lesional interleukin-2 (IL-2) for the treatment of in-transit melanoma. This systematic review addresses the efficacy and side effect profile of IL-2.
A standardised nutritional drink as a test meal for the <SUP>13</SUP>C mixed triglyceride breath test for pancreatic exocrine insufficiency: A randomised, two-arm crossover comparative study; Background: The C-13 mixed triglyceride breath test (C-13 MTGT) is a diagnostic test for pancreatic exocrine insufficiency (PEI). It is poorly standardised with much heterogeneity of the test meal, the commonest being toast and butter. A standardised oral nutritional supplement that could be easily transported, stored and made up would be valuable for making this test accessible outside of specialist centres.
Effect of the administration of different levels of solid feed on production performance, welfare, health status and antibiotic use in veal calves for white meat production; The study aimed at evaluating the effect of five different levels of solid feed administration on production performance, animal welfare, health status and antibiotic use in veal calves for white meat production.
A Dietary Pattern Derived from Reduced Rank Regression and Fatty Acid Biomarkers Is Associated with Lower Risk of Type 2 Diabetes and Coronary Artery Disease in Chinese Adults; Background: Combinations of circulating fatty acids may affect the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and coronary artery disease (CAD). No previous studies have identified a dietary pattern predicting fatty acid profiles using reduced rank regression (RRR) and evaluated its associations with the risk of T2D and CAD.
Interest of a sterilised anti-burning get in radiation dermatitis: results of a comparative study; Trial objectives were to assess effectiveness and tolerance of sterilized Avene thermal spring water anti burning get (ATSW gel) in prevention of radiation dermatitis in adults irradiated (6 weeks) for breast (n=61) or head and neck (n=8) cancer. Patients included in this open [abetted, 2 parallel groups,, multicentric study, were randomly assigned to apply five times daily for ten weeks either the Avene spring water get (n=35) or trolamine cream (n=34). The median of emergence of the first objective radiation dermatitis signs was 31 days in the ATSW get group and 21) days in the control group (p=0,924). The median incidence for pruritus in patients of the ETA get group was 46 days versus 27 days (p=0,028) and 44 days versus 24 days for pain (p=0,426). Global efficacy was "very good" in 46,7 % of patients of the ETA get group versus 17,2 % (p=0,029) and tolerance was "very good" in 65,5 % of the ETA get group versus 40,7 % (p=0, 107). No radionecrosis was observed. In conclusion, the efficacy of the Avene spring water get was similar to the control product in prophylaxis of radiation dermatitis. Tolerance was better and the pruritus was significantty more delayed in patients who applied the Avene spring water get than in controls. (c) 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Effects of Vitamin D and Calcium on Proliferation and Differentiation In Normal Colon Mucosa: a Randomized Clinical Trial; To investigate the potential efficacy of calcium and vitamin D in reducing risk for colorectal neoplasms and to develop "treatable" phenotypic biomarkers of risk for colorectal neoplasms, we conducted a pilot, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 2 x 2 factorial clinical trial to test the effects of these agents on cell cycle markers in the normal colorectal mucosa. Ninety-two men and women with at least one pathology-confirmed colorectal adenoma were treated with 2 g/day calcium and/or 800 IU/day vitamin D-3 versus placebo over 6 months. Overall expression and distributions of p21(waf1/cip1) (marker of differentiation), MIB-1 (marker of short-term proliferation), and hTERT (marker of long-term proliferation) in colorectal crypts in the normal-appearing rectal mucosa were detected by automated immunohistochemistry and quantified by image analysis. In the calcium, vitamin D, and calcium plus vitamin D groups relative to the placebo, p21 expression increased by 201% (P = 0.03), 242% (P = 0.005), and 25% (P = 0.47), respectively, along the full lengths of colorectal crypts after 6 months of treatment. There were no statistically significant changes in the expression of either MIB-1 or hTERT in the crypts overall; however, the proportion of hTERT, but not MIB-1, expression that extended into the upper 40% of the crypts was reduced by 15% (P = 0.02) in the vitamin D plus calcium group relative to the placebo. These results indicate that calcium and vitamin D promote colorectal epithelial cell differentiation and may "normalize" the colorectal crypt proliferative zone in sporadic adenoma patients, and support further investigation of calcium and vitamin D as chemopreventive agents against colorectal neoplasms. (Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev 2009;18(11):2933-41)
Effects of feeding polyphenols from pomegranate extract on health, growth, nutrient digestion, and immunocompetence of calves; Objectives were to determine effects of feeding pomegranate extract (POMx) rich in polyphenols on performance, health, nutrient digestion, and immunocompetence of calves in the first 70 d of age. Holstein calves (n = 67), at 2 + 1 d of age (d 0 = birth day) were randomly assigned to 0 (control), 5 (POMx5), or 10 g/d (POMx10) of pomegranate extract containing 16.9% gallic acid equivalent (GAE) to result in intakes of 0, 850 and 1,700 mg of GAE/d or an average of approximately 0, 15, and 30 mg of GAE/kg of body weight (BW) per day. All calves received colostrum during the first 24 h, pasteurized milk thereafter until 61 d of age, and grain was fed ad libitum for the first 70 d of age. Calves were housed in individual hutches, and grain intake, attitude and fecal scores, incidence and duration of health disorders, and treatments for health problems were evaluated daily. Body weight was measured on 2 consecutive days at 2, 30, and 70 d of age and averaged for each measurement. Concentrations of glucose and 3-hydroxybutyrate were measured in plasma. Nutrient digestion was measured using total fecal collection during a 3-d period. Neutrophil phagocytic and killing activities and antibody response to immunization with ovalbumin were measured. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were cultured and cytokine production measured. Feeding POMx had no effect on intake or BW gain in the first 30 d of age, but after 30 d of age, both grain dry matter intake and BW gain decreased with increasing addition of POMx, which resulted in calves that were 1.8 and 4.3 kg lighter at 70 d of age for POMx5 and POMx10, respectively, compared with controls. Feeding POMx did not influence dry matter, organic matter, or starch digestibility, but it reduced crude protein and fat digestion. Plasma concentrations of glucose and 3-hydroxybutyrate were similar among treatments throughout the first 70 d of age. Measures of calf health such as fecal and attitude scores, risk of fever, and rectal temperature were not altered by treatments. Similarly, neutrophil phagocytic and killing activities did not differ among treatments. On the contrary, feeding POMx increased synthesis of interferon-gamma and interleukin-4 by peripheral blood mononuclear cells and improved total immunoglobulin G responses to ovalbumin vaccination. These results suggest that feeding POMx top-dressed onto the grain suppresses intake of grain and digestibility of fat and protein, likely because of the high tannin content. Nevertheless, polyphenols from POMx enhanced mitogen-induced cytokine production and response to vaccination, which might benefit immune competence of calves and potentially health. Additional studies are warranted to minimize the effect of POMx on intake and digestibility and to better understand the mechanisms by which polyphenols improve immune response of calves.
Acceptance and Usability of Different Sunscreen Formulations among Outdoor Workers: A Randomized, Single-blind, Cross-over Study; Adequate sun protection is often neglected during occupational outdoor work. To investigate the acceptance and usability of sunscreens during outdoor work a single-blind, randomized-controlled, cross-over trial was performed in 40 subjects. Two sunscreen formulations were used daily on working days for 4 weeks at a time, with a wash-out phase before crossover. The primary outcome was overall acceptance of the products with daily application. More than 80% of the outdoor workers were fully satisfied with the cosmetic properties, sweat resistance, performance and usability of both products under outdoor working conditions. With respect to overall performance, the milk was rated slightly better than the gel. In terms of ease of application, the milk was preferred (p<0.05). Sunscreens for those working outdoors must contain very high, broad-spectrum, photostable filters for both UVB and UVA, they must be easy to apply and sweat resistant, and should not irritate the eyes.
Estrogen replacement therapy in women with prior diagnosis and treatment for breast cancer; We followed 49 women who underwent a minimum of 2 years estrogen replacement therapy (ERT) after diagnosis and treatment for localized breast cancer. Forty-three women were treated with oral ERT. In this group, the median age at the time of cancer diagnosis was 46 years (range 26 to 66 years), and ERT was begun a median of 84 months after diagnosis (range 0 to 286 months). The patients were followed for a median of 144 months after cancer diagnosis (range 46 to 324 months), and the median duration of ERT was 31 months (range 24 to 142 months). For six women, ERT was administered as a vaginal cream application. In this group, the median age at time of cancer diagnosis was 46 years (range 38 to 57 years), and ERT was begun a median of 49 months after diagnosis (range 24 to 61 months). The patients were followed for a median of 95 months after cancer diagnosis (range 72 to 154 months), and the median duration of ERT was 47 months (range 27 to 80 months). One patient experienced disease recurrence; she had received surgery for a stage I, estrogen receptor (ER)-positive lesion. The patient began ERT 30 months after cancer diagnosis and developed a recurrent ER-negative tumor 56 months after initiation of ERT. She remained alive without evidence of disease for 10 years since initial diagnosis of breast cancer. Despite the inherent limitations of retrospective experiential data and the need for prospective, randomized trials to assess the safety of ERT, the present observations suggest that ERT does not appear to have a pronounced adverse effect on cancer outcome. Nevertheless, until appropriate clinical trials determine that ERT is safe, caution is needed. (C) 1997 Academic Press.
Glucose-Lowering Medications and Angina Burden in Patients with Stable Coronary Disease: Results from the Type 2 Diabetes Evaluation of Ranolazine in Subjects With Chronic Stable Angina (TERISA) Trial; Background Different classes of glucose-lowering medications have been associated with varying risks of myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death, but their effect on angina is unknown. Therefore, we sought to determine the association of different glucose-lowering medication classes with angina frequency and nitroglycerin (NTG) use.
Current and future direction in treatment of HPV-related cervical disease; Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the most common sexually transmitted virus in the world. About 70% of cervical cancers are caused by the most oncogenic HPV genotypes of 16 and 18. Since available prophylactic vaccines do not induce immunity in those with established HPV infections, the development of therapeutic HPV vaccines using E6 and E7 oncogenes, or both as the target antigens remains essential. Also, knocking out the E6 and E7 oncogenes in host genome by genome-editing CRISPR/Cas system can result in tumor growth suppression. These methods have shown promising results in both preclinical and clinical trials and can be used for controlling the progression of HPV-related cervical diseases. This comprehensive review will detail the current treatment of HPV-related cervical precancerous and cancerous diseases. We also reviewed the future direction of treatment including different kinds of therapeutic methods and vaccines, genome-editing CRISPR/Cas system being studied in clinical trials. Although the progress in the development of therapeutic HPV vaccine has been slow, encouraging results from recent trials showed vaccine-induced regression in high-grade CIN lesions. CRISPR/Cas genome-editing system is also a promising strategy for HPV cancer therapy. However, its safety and specificity need to be optimized before it is used in clinical setting.
Immunologic effects of yogurt; Many investigators have studied the therapeutic and preventive effects of yogurt and lactic acid bacteria, which are commonly used in yogurt production, on diseases such as cancer, infection, gastrointestinal disorders, and asthma. Because the immune system is an important contributor to all of these diseases, an immunostimulatory effect of yogurt has been proposed and investigated by using mainly animal models and, occasionally, human subjects. Although the results of these studies, in general, support the notion that yogurt has immunostimulatory effects, problems with study design, lack of appropriate controls, inappropriate route of administration, sole use of in vitro indicators of the immune response, and short duration of most of the studies limit the interpretation of the results and the conclusions drawn from them. Nevertheless, these studies in tote provide a strong rationale for the hypothesis that increased yogurt consumption, particularly in immunocompromised populations such as the elderly, may enhance the immune response, which would in turn increase resistance to immune-related diseases. This hypothesis, however, needs to be substantiated by well-designed randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled human studies of an adequate duration in which several in vivo and in vitro indexes of peripheral and gut-associated immune response are tested.
A Pooled Analysis of 15 Prospective Cohort Studies on the Association between Fruit, Vegetable, and Mature Bean Consumption and Risk of Prostate Cancer; Background: Relationships between fruit, vegetable, and mature bean consumption and prostate cancer risk are unclear.
DIFFERENT QUANTITIES OF 2 COMMERCIAL LIQUID DIETS CONSUMED BY WEIGHT-LOSING CANCER-PATIENTS; Twenty ambulatory, weight-losing patients with advanced cancer of the lung, breast, or ovary were randomized to supplement their diet for 2 months with either of two commercial complete liquid diets, one containing intact milk proteins and the other partially hydrolyzed soy proteins.  Both products were prescribed as sip feeds in addition to normal food.  The patients consumed more of the hydrolysate-containing product than of that with intact (milk) protein.  The difference was significant and was maintained during both months of the study.  An increase in total energy and protein was obtained in both groups, but was significant only with the hydrolysate product.  At the end of the study there was no group difference in measures of nutritional status, but weight loss was halted in both groups.
A population-based case-control study of carotenoid and vitamin A intake and ovarian cancer (United States); Objective: To evaluate the association between dietary intake of carotenoids and vitamin A and the incidence of ovarian cancer.
Identifying effective and feasible interventions to accelerate functional recovery from hospitalization in older adults: A randomized controlled pilot trial; Hospitalization induces functional decline in older adults. Many geriatric patients fail to fully recover physical function after hospitalization, which increases the risk of frailty, disability, dependence, re-hospitalization, and mortality. There is a lack of evidence-based therapies that can be implemented following hospitalization to accelerate functional improvements. The aims of this Phase I clinical trial are to determine 1) the effect size and variability of targeted interventions in accelerating functional recovery from hospitalization and 2) the feasibility of implementing such interventions in community-dwelling older adults. Older patients (>= 65 years, n = 100) will be recruited from a single site during hospitalization for an acute medical condition. Subjects will be randomized to one of five interventions initiated iinmediately upon discharge: 1. protein supplementation, 2. in-home rehabilitation plus placebo supplementation, 3. in-home rehabilitation plus protein supplementation, 4. single testosterone -injection, or 5. isocaloric placebo supplementation. Testing will occur during hospitalization (baseline) and at I and 4 weeks post-discharge. Each testing session will include measures of muscle strength, physical function/performance, body composition, and psychological function. Physical activity levels will be continuously monitored throughout study participation. Feasibility will be determined through collection of the number of eligible, contacted, and enrolled patients; intervention adherence and compliance; and reasons for declining enrollment and study withdrawal. This research will determine the feasibility of post-hospitalization strategies to improve physical function in older adults. These results will also provide a foundation for performing larger, multi-site clinical trials to improve physical function and reduce readrnissions in geriatric patents. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Influences of Yogurt with Functional Ingredients from Various Sources That Help Treat Leaky Gut on Intestinal Barrier Dysfunction in Caco-2 Cells; The impact of yogurts made with starter culture bacteria (L. bulgaricus and S. thermophilus) and supplemented with ingredients (maitake mushrooms, quercetin, L-glutamine, slippery elm bark, licorice root, N-acetyl-D-glucosamine, zinc orotate, and marshmallow root) that can help treat leaky gut were investigated using the Caco-2 cell monolayer as a measure of intestinal barrier dysfunction. Milk from the same source was equally dispersed into nine pails, and the eight ingredients were randomly allocated to the eight pails. The control had no ingredients. The Caco-2 cells were treated with isoflavone genistein (negative control) and growth media (positive control). Inflammation was stimulated using an inflammatory cocktail of cytokines (interferon-gamma, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interleukin-1 beta) and lipopolysaccharide. The yogurt without ingredients (control yogurt) was compared to the yogurt treatments (yogurts with ingredients) that help treat leaky gut. Transepithelial electrical resistance (TEER) and paracellular permeability were measured to evaluate the integrity of the Caco-2 monolayer. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM), immunofluorescence microscopy (IM), and real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RTQPCR) were applied to measure the integrity of tight junction proteins. The yogurts were subjected to gastric and intestinal digestion, and TEER was recorded. Ferrous ion chelating activity, ferric reducing potential, and DPPH radical scavenging were also examined to determine the yogurts' antioxidant capacity. Yogurt with quercetin and marshmallow root improved the antioxidant activity and TEER and had the lowest permeability in fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-dextran and Lucifer yellow flux among the yogurt samples. TEM, IM, and RTQPCR revealed that yogurt enhanced tight junction proteins' localization and gene expression. Intestinal digestion of the yogurt negatively impacted inflammation-induced Caco-2 barrier dysfunction, while yogurt with quercetin, marshmallow root, maitake mushroom, and licorice root had the highest TEER values compared to the control yogurt. Yogurt fortification with quercetin, marshmallow root, maitake mushroom, and licorice root may improve functionality when dealing with intestinal barrier dysfunction.
Smoothing the mosaic subclinical melanoderma by calcipotriol; Background The observation of photo-exposed skin under ultraviolet light reveals a mosaic pattern of varying intensity in epidermal melanization. Several patterns of mosaic subclinical melanoderma (MSM) have been described using a specially designed CCD camera and the ultraviolet light-enhanced visualization (ULEV) method. Vitamin D-3 and its analogues influence the biology of keratinocytes and melanocytes.
Open-Label, Exploratory Phase II Trial of Oral Itraconazole for the Treatment of Basal Cell Carcinoma; Purpose Itraconazole, a US Food and Drug Administration-approved antifungal drug, inhibits the Hedgehog (HH) signaling pathway, a crucial driver of basal cell carcinoma (BCC) tumorigenesis, and reduces BCC growth in mice. We assessed the effect of itraconazole on the HH pathway and on tumor size in human BCC tumors.
Genetic analysis of calf survivability in crossbred cattle; Data on survivability traits of Jersey crossbred calves, maintained at the cattle yard of the Eastern Regional Station of ICAR-NDRI, Kalyani, over last 35 years (1982-2016) were collected to study the effect of genetic and non-genetic factors on survivability traits of calf and their genetic control. Least squares analysis of variance with fitting constant was applied to determine the effect of genetic and non-genetic sources of variations on different survivability traits (survivability from birth to 3, 15, 30, 90, 180 and 365 days) of calves. The overall mortality (%) of crossbred calves up to 1 year of age in the herd was 28.90%. In the present study, the least squares means of survivability percent up to 3 days, 15 days, 30 days, 90 days, 180 days and 365 days were 94.80 +/- 0.68, 89.40 +/- 1.41, 84.88 +/- 1.56, 76.60 +/- 2.50, 74.66 +/- 3.25 and 71.27 +/- 3.22 percent respectively. The study showed that random effects of sire had significant effect on calf survivability percent upto day 90, 180 and 365. Genetic groups of calves had non-significant influence on all survivability traits considered for this study. Period of birth had significant effect on all the traits except day 1-3. Season of birth had significant effect on survivability upto 3, 180 and 365 days. Parity of dam had no significant effect on any of the traits. Sex of the calf had significant effect on all the traits except day 1-365. Birth weight of calves had significant effect on all the traits (P < 0.01). The heritabilities of calf survivability at different ages were low in magnitude, ranging from of 0.01 to 0.12. Genetic and phenotypic correlations among all the survivability traits at different ages were moderate to high, ranging from 0.16-1.00 in this study.
CLINICAL ASSESSMENT AND CORRILATION OF PAP SMEAR AND LIQUID BASED CYTOLOGY IN BAD CERVIX; AIM: Aim of our study to analyze the prevalence of premalignant lesion based on Pap smear and liquid based cytology in patients of bad cervix. OBJECTIVE: To compare sensitivity and specificity of two methods for screening of bad cervix and to know IDR (increase detection rate) of cervical cancer by conventional Pap smear and liquid based cytology. MATERIAL AND METHOD: 200 women attending Gynaecology OPD were random selection on the basis of inclusion criteria. All 200 selected women were subjected for down staging through per speculum examination for identification of bad cervix. Pap smears of all 200 selected women were taken and ensured that no local douche, antiseptic cream and no local internal examination was done on the day of test. The prepared smears were then stained according to Papanicolaou's technique. Liquid based cytology smears preparing by using cervical brush 1-1.5cm were inserted into the cervical os until the large outer bristles of the brush touch ectocervix. Data collected for sociodemographic, parity, down staging clinical examination Pap smear and LBC was organised, interpreted and analysis on appropriate statistical software. P value < 0.05 is considered significant RESULT: Analysis revealed that the maximum number of women in our study are from middle age group(31-40yrs), low socioeconomic status, married before 18 yrs, multipara, do not use any contraceptive, uneducated, urban, Muslim population. in this study more abnormal smear is seen in LBC as compared to pap smear. Sensitivity and specificity for LBC is more as compare to pap smear. CONCLUSION: In low resource setting like ours were facilities for radiology, chemo- radiotherapy and supportive care are limited or unavailable. It is important to identify which resources fill healthcare need most effectively and to consider alternative approaches, LBC is strongly advocated in the best interest of public health, by improving the quality of the sample and reducing the likelihood of false negative cytology result. Thus it will significantly improve early detection and treatment of cervical lesions and reducing morbidity and mortality due to cancer cervix.
Nutritional value of a new source of cheese coproduct fed to weanling pigs; Three experiments were conducted to test the hypothesis that values for standardized ileal digestibility (SID) of amino acids (AA) and metabolizable energy (ME) in a the cheese coproduct are greater than in fish meal or enzyme-treated soybean meal (ESBM). The second objective was to test the hypothesis that pigs fed a diet containing cheese coproduct will have growth performance that is not different from that of pigs fed other sources of protein. In experiment 1, eight ileal-cannulated barrows (11.0 0.4 kg) were allotted to a replicated 4 x 4 Latin square design with four diets and four periods and two pigs per diet in each period. The four diets included an N-free diet and three diets that contained ESBM, fish meal, or the cheese coproduct as the source of AA. Results indicated that the cheese coproduct had greater (P < 0.05) SID of most AA compared with ESBM and fish meal. In experiment 2, 32 weanling barrows (14.0 1.1 kg) were housed individually in metabolism crates and randomly allotted to one of four diets. A corn-based diet and three diets that contained corn and ESBM, fish meal, or cheese coproduct were formulated. Feces and urine were collected quantitatively. The ME in cheese coproduct was greater (P < 0.05) than in ESBM and fish meal. In experiment 3, 128 weaned pigs (6.2 +/- 0.6 kg) were allotted to a randomized complete block design with four treatments and 8 replicate pens per diet. Phase 1 diets that contained 0%, 6.65%, 7.35%, or 14% cheese coproduct were fed from days 1 to 14 and a common phase 2 diet without cheese coproduct was fed from days 15 to 28. Individual pig weights were recorded at the beginning of the experiment, on days 14 and 28, and daily feed allotments were also recorded. Two blood samples were collected from 1 pig per pen on day 14 to analyze for blood urea N, albumin, total plasma protein, peptide YY, immunoglobulin G, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6, and interleukin-10. No differences were observed in average daily gain among treatments, but there was a tendency (P < 0.10) for total protein on day 14 to increase as cheese coproduct increased in the diets. In conclusion, the cheese coproduct used in this experiment has a greater SID of AA and greater ME than ESBM and fish meal and the cheese coproduct may be included in prestarter diets for weanling pigs without negatively impacting growth performance or indicators of intestinal health.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration in subjects with metabolic syndrome: a randomized, placebo-controlled trial (SYSDIET); At northern latitudes, vitamin D is not synthesized endogenously during winter, causing low plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of a healthy Nordic diet based on Nordic nutrition recommendations (NNR) on plasma 25(OH)D and explored its dietary predictors.
The effects of dietary and nutrient interventions on arterial stiffness: a systematic review; Background: Although dietary and nutrient interventions have been extensively studied as a means of improving arterial stiffness, to our knowledge no systematic analysis of the data has been conducted. Objective: The aim of the current study was to systematically review the human clinical trial data and qualitatively examine the efficacy of dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness. Design: We systematically searched multiple databases until July 2010 for relevant randomized controlled human clinical trials of common dietary and nutrient interventions in the treatment of arterial stiffness. Located studies were subject to strict inclusion criteria and objectively assessed for scientific quality. Results: Of the 75 relevant studies located, we considered 38 studies to be appropriate for review. Results revealed support for intakes of omega-3 (n-23) fish oils (Cohen's d = 0.21-0.81) and soy isoflavones (Cohen's d = 0.35-0.39) in the treatment of arterial stiffness. There was limited but consistent evidence to suggest that salt restriction (Cohen's d = 0.28-0.37) as well as consumption of fermented-milk products (Cohen's d = 0.15-0.33) that contain bioactive peptides improved arterial stiffness. The evidentiary support for intakes of vitamins, micronutrients, and herbal medicines was insufficient. Limited but consistent evidence suggested that caffeine intake acutely increased arterial stiffness (Cohen's d = 0.34-0.51). Conclusions: Current evidence from several small studies suggests that omega-3 and soy isoflavone supplementation provides an effective means of reducing arterial stiffness. There was little research that explored intakes of herbal medicines or micronutrients in the treatment of arterial stiffness, and this remains an area of potential research. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;93:446-54.
Knowledge and Practice on Early Breastfeeding Initiation Among Postpartal Mothers at Amana Hospital, Tanzania; BACKGROUND: Early breastfeeding initiation refers to putting the newborn to the breast within 1 hour of birth. However, rates of exclusive breastfeeding are low both globally (42%) and in Tanzania (51%).
Effect of Probiotics in Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Simple Summary Probiotics possess potential to protect against breast cancer due to their immunomodulatory activity and their ability to impact the intestinal microbiota. Experimental studies have identified key probiotic microorganisms, but their clinical role in prevention of breast cancer and the efficacy of such supplements to control chemotherapy-induced side effects is less documented. A significant number of such intervention studies have recently been published, so we, therefore, conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of all randomized clinical trials of probiotic use in breast cancer patients and survivors, including combination prebiotic use, to provide clarity regarding actions and role/benefit for preventive and palliative care. Probiotics may have the potential to protect against breast cancer, partly through systemic immunomodulatory action and active impact upon intestinal microbiota. Given a few clinical studies on their curative role, we conducted a systematic review of the potential effects of probiotics in breast cancer patients and survivors of breast cancer, aiming to support further clinical studies. A literature search was performed using PubMed, Embase, and the CENTRAL databases from inception through to March 2022. A total of eight randomized clinical trials were identified from thirteen articles published between 2004 and 2022. We evaluated quality-of-life measures, observed bacterial species and diversity indices, probiotic-related metabolites, inflammatory biomarkers, and other responses in breast cancer patients and survivors. Results were synthesized qualitatively and quantitatively using random-effects meta-analysis. Different probiotics supplements utilized included Lactobacillus species alone (Lacto), with or without estriol; probiotic combinations of Lactobacillus with Bifidobacterium (ProLB), with or without prebiotic fructooligosaccharides (FOS); ProLB plus Streptococcus and FOS (ProLBS + FOS); and ProLB plus Enterococcus (ProLBE). We found that use of ProLBS with FOS in breast cancer patients and use of ProLBE in survivors of breast cancer show potential benefits in countering obesity and dyslipidemia. ProLBS with FOS use decreases pro-inflammatory TNF-alpha in breast cancer survivors and improves quality of life in those with breast-cancer-associated lymphedema. Supplementing probiotics capsules (10(9) CFU) with a prebiotic and using an intake duration of 10 weeks could provide a better approach than probiotics alone.
Effect of baicalin supplementation on the growth, health, antioxidant and anti-inflammatory capacity, and immune function of preweaned calves; Baicalin is a bioactive flavonoid compound derived from the roots of Scutellaria baicalensis Georgi with antibacterial, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of baicalin supplementation on growth, health, antioxidant capacity, and immune function in preweaned calves. Forty-five bull calves were randomly assigned to 3 treatments of milk replacer diet supplemented with baicalin at 0 (CON), 10 (B10), and 20 mg/kg (B20) of body weight (BW) per day, respectively. The calves remained in the trial from 7 to 56 d of age. The baicalin supplementation trended to quadratically increase the average daily gain, with the greatest values in B10 group, and trended to linearly decreased the feed-to-gain ratio. The calves in the CON group had a greater chance of diarrhea and medication for diarrhea than the calves in baicalin supplementation groups. The baicalin supplementation quadratically increased concen-trations of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, interleukin-10, growth hor-mone, insulin-like growth factor 1, and immunoglobulin G in the serum, and quadratically decreased concentrations of malondialdehyde, tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin-6, and interleukin-8, with the greater values fed 10 mg/kg of baicalin for calves. The results of this study indicated that baicalin supplementation improved the growth performance and health for pre-weaned calves. The baicalin supplementation at 10 mg/kg BW per day improved the blood antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and immune functions, while reduced severity and occurrence of diarrhea in preweaning period of calves.
Systemic beta carotene plus topical UV-sunscreen are an optimal protection against harmful effects of natural UV-sunlight: Results of the Berlin-Eilath study; Increasing numbers of patients with different kinds of UV-induced dermatoses and skin cancer, are presenting at medical care institutions in many countries. If social and cultural behaviour does not change, lowering the risk of harmful effects of UV radiation, for example by the use of topical and systemic preventive agents acting as sunscreens and antoxidants, is going to have to be a priority.
Risk of prostate cancer in a randomized clinical trial of calcium supplementation; Background: In some studies, high calcium intake has been associated with an increased risk of prostate cancer, but no randomized studies have investigated this issue.
Sucralfate gel as a radioprotector against radiation induced dermatitis in a hypofractionated schedule: a non-randomized study; External beam radiotherapy with high doses provokes many acute skin reactions, such as erythema and moist desquamation. Many topical preparations are used in radiation oncology departments in the skin care. Sucralfate humid gel, a colloidal physical form of the anti-ulcer drug sucralfate, promotes epithelial regeneration and activates cell proliferation. Based on this knowledge, we performed a non-randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of topical sucralfate gel in 30 breast cancer patients receiving postoperative accelerated hypofractionated photon beam therapy. The comparison was performed with 30 patients as historical controls. The acute reaction of the skin was significantly lower in the group receiving the sucralfate gel (p<0.05, Mann Whitney test), while 90% of the patients had no evidence of radiation induced skin toxicity. There was no sucralfate gel related toxicity reported by any patient in this study. More patients in a randomized way are needed for more definite results.
<i>In Vitro</i> Screening for the Tumoricidal Properties of International Medicinal Herbs; There is growing use of anticancer complementary and alternative medicines (CAMs) worldwide. The purpose of the current study is to assess a sizeable variety of natural and plant sources of diverse origin, to ascertain prospective research directives for cancer treatment and potential new chemotherapy drug sources. In this study, 374 natural extracts (10 mu g/mL-5 mg/mL) were evaluated for dose-dependent tumoricidal effects using immortal neuroblastoma of spontaneous malignant origin. The findings indicate no pattern of tumoricidal effects by diverse plants with similar families/genus under the classes Pinopsida, Equisetopsida, Lycopodiosida, Filicosida, Liliopsida Monocotyledons or Magnoliopsida Dicotyledons. The results indicate that many of the most commonly used CAMs exhibited relatively weak tumoricidal effects including cats claw, astragalus, ginseng, echinacea, mistletoe, milk thistle, slippery elm, cayenne, chamomile, don quai, meadowsweet, motherwort and shepherd's purse. The data demonstrate that the most potent plant extracts were randomly dispersed within the plantae kingdom (LC50 = 31-490 mu g/mL) in order of the lowest LC50 Dioscorea villosa (Dioscoreaceae) > Sanguinaria canadensis (Papaveraceae) > Dipsacus asper (Dipsacaceae) > Populus balsamifera (Salicaceae) > Boswellia carteri (Burseraceae) > Cyamopsis psoralioides (Fabaceae) > Rhamnus cathartica (Rhamnaceae) > Larrea tridentate (Zygophyllaceae) > Dichroa febrifuga (Hydrangeaceae) > Batschia canescens (Boraginaceae) > Kochia scoparia (Chenopodiaceae) > Solanum xanthocarpum (Solanaceae) > Opoponax chironium (Umbelliferae) > Caulophyllum thalictroides (Berberidaceae) > Dryopteris crassirhizoma (Dryopteridaceae) > Garcinia cambogia (Clusiaceae) > Vitex agnus-castus (Verbenaceae) > Calamus draco (Arecaceae). These findings show tumoricidal effect by extracts of wild yam root, bloodroot, teasel root, bakuchi seed, dichroa root, kanta kari, garcinia fruit, mace, dragons blood and the biblically referenced herbs: balm of gilead bud, frankincense and myrrh gum. Copyright (C) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
An Evidence-based Review of the Efficacy of Coal Tar Preparations in the Treatment of Psoriasis and Atopic Dermatitis; Background: There is a long history of using topical coal tar for the treatment of psoriasis and atopic dermatitis (AD).
Sources of dietary protein and risk of hypertension in a general Dutch population; Evidence suggests a small beneficial effect of dietary protein on blood pressure (BP), especially for plant protein. We examined the relationship between several types of dietary protein (total, plant, animal, dairy, meat and grain) and the risk of hypertension in a general population of 3588 Dutch adults, aged 26-65 years, who were free of hypertension at baseline. Measurements were done at baseline and after 5 and 10 years of follow-up. Hazard ratios (HR), with 95% CI, for incident hypertension were obtained in tertiles of energy-adjusted protein, using time-dependent Cox regression models. Models were adjusted for age, sex, BMI, education, smoking, baseline systolic BP, dietary confounders and protein from other sources (if applicable). Mean BP was 118/76mmHg at baseline. Protein intake was 85 (SD 22) g/d (approximately 15% of energy) with 62% originating from animal sources. The main sources of protein were dairy products (28 %), meat (24 %) and grain (19 %). During the follow-up, 1568 new cases of hypertension were identified (44% of the participants). Energy-adjusted intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein was not significantly associated with hypertension risk (all HR approximately 1.00, P>0.60). Protein from grain showed a significant inverse association with incident hypertension, with a HR of 0.85 (95% CI 0.73, 1.00, P-trend = 0.04) for the upper tertile (>= 18 g/d) v. the lower tertile (< 14 g/d), whereas dairy protein and meat protein were not associated with incident hypertension. In conclusion, higher intake of grain protein may contribute to the prevention of hypertension, which warrants confirmation in other population-based studies and randomised controlled trials.
Hypertension-related dietary patterns of rural older adults; Background. Prevalence of hypertension is greater in older adults, and increased intake of fruits, vegetables, and dairy-good sources of potassium, calcium, and magnesium-can reduce blood pressure. This study examined the hypertension-related dietary patterns of older adults.
Trolamine emulsion for the prevention of radiation dermatitis in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck; This phase III trial was designed to test trolamine emulsion compared with the usual supportive care for patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiation therapy with concurrent chemotherapy.
Impacts of Manures and Manure-Based Composts on Root Lesion Nematodes and <i>Verticillium dahliae</i> in Michigan Potatoes; The interaction of the root lesion nematode Pratylenchus penetrans and the fungal plant pathogen Verticillium dahliae causes potato early die (PED) complex, which induces premature vine senescence and dramatically reduces yield in potatoes. Management of PED is often achieved through the use of soil fumigants and nematicides, but their adverse effects on soil, human and environmental health, and strict regulations worldwide require alternative control tactics. In this study, we investigated the effects of multiple composts and manures on nematode mortality and PED. In lab assays, root lesion nematodes were exposed to poultry manure, layer ash blend, Dairy Doo, or wood ash for 7 days at rates of 0, 0.1, 1, 10, and 20% by volume of product and assessed for nematode survivorship. Additionally, these products were evaluated for volatile fatty acid content to determine if fatty acid content affects nematode control. In a field trial, the composts and manures were evaluated at two different rates, high (11.2 t/ha) or low (2.8 t/ha), and populations of P. penetrans and V. dahliae were quantified. Our results show that a 1% application rate of poultry manure and layer ash blend provided the greatest nematode control in lab assays with 24.5 and 38.2% reduction, respectively, with greater control at higher rates. In the field, plots treated with poultry manure had significantly higher potato yields and significantly fewer nematodes than control plots. Taken together, our results suggest that poultry manure could be a promising amendment to control PED.
Immune modulation; The human immune system is complex and involves a combination of innate (natural) and adaptive (acquired) immunity, each involving both cellular and humoral components
<i>Salmonella</i> Dublin patients in Denmark and their distance to cattle farms; Background: The Salmonella serotype Dublin is specifically adapted to cattle but may infect humans leading to severe disease. We described human S. Dublin cases and investigated a potential spatial relation between their addresses and cattle farms in Denmark.
Serum calcium and risk of gastrointestinal cancer in the Swedish AMORIS study; Background: Observational studies have indicated that high calcium intake may prevent colorectal cancer, but as for randomized trials the results are inconclusive. Meanwhile, limited data on the link between serum calcium and cancer risk is available. We investigated the relation between serum calcium and risk of different gastrointestinal cancers in a prospective study.
Effects of an oral hydro-ethanolic purple coneflower extract on performance, clinical health and immune parameters in calves; The objective of this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded field trial was to investigate the effects of oral administration of purple coneflower (Echinacea purpurea L. (EP)) on performance, health and immune parameters in calves. Calves (n = 27) were enrolled to three groups (9 calves per group): 0.5 g EP/calf per day (ECL), 5 g EP/calf per day (ECH) or placebo. Calves were vaccinated with Bluetongue-Virus (BTV) serotype 4 vaccine to investigate EPs effects on seroconversion. Clinical and performance parameters, inter alia body weight, health and milk intake were recorded for 57 days. Blood samples were analyzed for BTV antibodies and IgG by ELISA, white and red blood cell counts by flow cytometry and mRNA abundance of various inflammatory markers in leukocytes (IL-1 beta, IL-8, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), cyclooxygenase 2 (Cox-2) and prostaglandin E synthase) was studied. The findings demonstrated no differences between groups regarding performance parameters. In all groups, calves suffered from diarrhea for a minimum of 2 days, but EP reduced the number of diarrhea days by 44% in ECL and increased the body temperature. Interestingly, ECL resulted in an increased number of respiratory disease days during the follow-up period. EP did not change blood cell and IgG counts, whereas eosinophil granulocytes were reduced in ECL. Decreased levels of hemoglobin and hematocrit were found in ECH. Prostaglandin E synthase levels in leukocytes were higher in ECL and ECH, whereas no differences were obtained for IL-1 beta, IL-8, TNF alpha and Cox-2. Due to the unexpected occurrence of BTV seropositive calves before the first vaccination, 13 calves were excluded from the evaluation on seroconversion and no statistical analyses could be performed regarding antibody production. BTV-4 antibodies were not produced in 4 placebo-calves, whereas 4 of 5 and 1 of 6 ECL- and ECH-calves produced antibodies. Further investigations are needed to draw final conclusions on mode of action and efficacy of EP in calves.
BREAST-FEEDING AND BREAST-CANCER RISK; A population-based case-control study of breast cancer with a focus on premenopausal women under 45 years of age, conducted in three geographic regions of the United States, enabled the evaluation of risk in relation to varying breastfeeding practices. Among premenopausal parous women (1,211 cases, 1,120 random-digit-dialing controls), a history of breastfeeding for two or more weeks was associated with a relative risk (RR) of 0.87 (95 percent confidence interval [CI] = 0.7-1.0), This relationship was not altered substantially by removing from the reference group women who had problems with breastfeeding in the first two weeks, including those with insufficient milk production. Risk was not related substantially to number of children breastfed or length of breastfeeding, although a relatively low risk was observed among those breastfeeding for the longest duration examined (RR = 0.67, CI = 0.4-1.1 for an average period per child of 72 or more weeks), Women who began to breastfeed at a young age (< 22 years) experienced the greatest reduction in risk, but other timing parameters (e.g., interval since first or last breastfeeding) were not predictive of risk Risks were not modified substantially by age or menopause status, although the number of menopausal subjects examined was limited Use of medications to stop breast milk was unrelated to risk (RR = 1.04), The results of this study do not support the notion that breastfeeding substantially reduces breast cancer risk; however, this may reflect the fact that most of our study subjects breastfed only for limited periods of time (average breastfeeding per child of 30 weeks), Further studies are needed to clarify the relationship of breastfeeding to breast cancer risk, and to determine possible etiologic mechanisms underlying any observed associations.
Optimum nutritional strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention and rehabilitation (BACPR); Nutrition has a central role in both primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease yet only relatively recently has food been regarded as a treatment, rather than as an adjunct to established medical and pharmacotherapy. As a field of research, nutrition science is constantly evolving making it difficult for patients and practitioners to ascertain best practice. This is compounded further by the inherent difficulties in performing double-blind randomised controlled trials. This paper covers dietary patterns that are associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes, including the Mediterranean Diet but also low-carbohydrate diets and the potential issues encountered with their implementation. We suggest there must be a refocus away from macronutrients and consideration of whole foods when advising individuals. This approach is fundamental to practice, as clinical guidelines have focused on macronutrients without necessarily considering their source, and ultimately people consume foods containing multiple nutrients. The inclusion of food-based recommendations aids the practitioner to help the patient make genuine and meaningful changes in their diet. We advocate that the cardioprotective diet constructed around the traditional Mediterranean eating pattern (based around vegetables and fruits, nuts, legumes, and unrefined cereals, with modest amounts of fish and shellfish, and fermented dairy products) is still important. However, there are other approaches that can be tried, including low-carbohydrate diets. We encourage practitioners to adopt a flexible dietary approach, being mindful of patient preferences and other comorbidities that may necessitate deviations away from established advice, and advocate for more dietitians in this field to guide the multi-professional team.
Effects of mycobacterium cell wall fraction on embryo development following in vitro embryo production and pregnancy rates following embryo transfer in virgin dairy heifers; An experiment was conducted to determine whether administration of mycobacterium cell wall fraction (MCWF; Amplimune, NovaVive) could enhance embryo developmental competence following in vitro embryo production (IVP) and pregnancy establishment after embryo transfer (ET). Nulliparous, Holstein heifers (n = 40; age 8-15 months) were submitted to two rounds of ovum pick-up (OPU) and IVP in a crossover design. Thirty-six h after follicle wave synchronization, treatments (saline or MCWF, 5 mL, im) were administered in conjunction with a single dose of follicle stimulating hormone (175 IU) and OPU was performed 48-52 h later. Recovered cumulusoocyte complexes were used for IVP to assess embryo development. For ET, nulliparous, Holstein heifers (n = 225; age 12-18 months) were used as recipients. At 12-24 h after detection of spontaneous estrus, recipients were randomly treated with either saline or MCWF (5 mL, im). The effect of MCWF on pregnancy per ET (P/ET) was assessed in a 2 x 2 factorial design with recipients treated with or without MCWF receiving a fresh IVP embryo from a donor treated with or without MCWF at day 7 or 8 after detected estrus. Blood samples were collected from a subset of donors (n = 8) and recipients (n = 26 to 33 per treatment) prior to treatment and at 6 and 24 h post-treatment to determine serum concentration of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and interferon-gamma. Blood samples were also collected from a group of recipients (n = 31 to 39 per treatment) to assess serum concentration of progesterone at days 4, 7, and 16 post-treatment. Pregnancy status was determined at days 40 and 100 of gestation. Donor treatment with MCWF tended (P < 0.07) to increase the proportion of oocytes that developed into transferable embryos, but there was no effect of MCWF on other parameters of embryo development. The P/ET at days 40 and 100 of gestation and pregnancy loss were not affected by donor treatment or recipient treatment with MCWF and there was no interaction. Serum concentration of proinflammatory cytokines among donors and recipients and serum concentration of progesterone among recipients were not increased by treatment with MCWF. Results of the present study indicate that treatment of donors with MCWF has minimal impact on subsequent embryo development following IVP. Moreover, regardless of whether donors or recipients were treated with MCWF, there was no effect on P/ET following transfer of IVP embryos.
Silymarin antiproliferative and apoptotic effects: Insights into its clinical impact in various types of cancer; Silymarin is a complex extract isolated from the plant Silybum marianum, widely known for its prominent antioxidant and hepatoprotective effects, although increasing evidences have reported extraordinary antiproliferative and apoptotic abilities. As a result, several signaling pathways involved in cell cycle control, cell proliferation, and cell death have been deconvoluted as critical mechanisms. In this regard, cyclin and cyclin-dependent pathways have been the most studied ones. Following that, apoptotic pathways, such as p53, Akt, STAT-3, Ras, and caspases pathways, have been extensively studied, although other mechanisms involved in inflammation and angiogenesis have also been highlighted as silymarin-likely targets in cancer therapy. Therefore, the main challenge of this review is to discuss the diverse molecular mechanisms for silymarin antiproliferative and apoptotic effects; most of them largely studied in various types of cancers so far. Clinical trials and combination therapies related to silymarin application in cancer prevention and treatment are presented as well.
Calcium intake and colorectal cancer risk: Dose-response meta-analysis of prospective observational studies; Mechanistic and epidemiologic studies provide considerable evidence for a protective association between calcium intake and incident colorectal cancer (CRC). While the relationship has not been substantiated by short-duration randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of CRC, trials do show a benefit on adenomas, a precursor to CRC. To address some of this inconsistency, we conducted dose-response meta-analyses by sources of calcium intake, based on prospective observational studies published up to December 2013 identified from PubMed, Embase, and BIOSIS. Summary relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using a random-effects model. For total calcium intake, each 300 mg/day increase was associated with an approximately 8% reduced risk of CRC (summary RR=0.92, 95% CI=0.89-0.95, I-2=47%, 15 studies with 12,305 cases, intake=250-1,900 mg/day, follow-up=3.3-16 years). While the risk decreased less steeply in higher range of total calcium intake (Pnon-linearity=0.04), the degree of curvature was mild and statistical significance of non-linearity was sensitive to one study. For supplementary calcium, each 300 mg/day increase was associated with an approximately 9% reduced risk of CRC (summary RR=0.91, 95% CI=0.86-0.98, I-2=67%, six studies with 8,839 cases, intake=0-1,150 mg/day, followup55- 10 years). The test for non-linearity was not statistically significant (Pnon-linearity=0.11). In conclusion, both dietary and supplementary calcium intake may continue to decrease CRC risk beyond 1,000 mg/day. Calcium supplements and nondairy products fortified with calcium may serve as additional targets in the prevention of CRC. RCTs of calcium supplements with at least 10 years of follow-up are warranted to confirm a benefit of calcium supplements on CRC risk.
Lactic acid bacteria affect serum cholesterol levels, harmful fecal enzyme activity, and fecal water content; Background: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are beneficial probiotic organisms that contribute to improved nutrition, microbial balance, and immuno-enhancement of the intestinal tract, as well as lower cholesterol. Although present in many foods, most trials have been in spreads or dairy products. Here we tested whether Bifidobacteria isolates could lower cholesterol, inhibit harmful enzyme activities, and control fecal water content.
Treatment of a Vulvar Paget's Disease by Photodynamic Therapy With a New Light Emitting Fabric Based Device; Introduction: The non-invasive vulvar Paget's disease is an intra-epidermal carcinoma with glandular characteristics. It appears like an erythematous plaque. The main symptoms are pruritus and pain. The standard treatment is surgical excision in depth. This treatment is complicated with a severe morbidity and photodynamic therapy can be an alternative choice. However, the pain experienced during the photodynamic treatment of vulvar lesion is intense and leads to a premature interruption of the treatment. The light emitting fabric is a part of a device under clinical evaluation for the treatment of actinic keratosis with photodynamic therapy. We report the observation of a vulvar Paget's disease treated by this device with a satisfactory result and an excellent tolerance.
Efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of bacteriophages to treat burn wounds infected by <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> (PhagoBurn): a randomised, controlled, double-blind phase 1/2 trial; Background Wound infections are the main cause of sepsis in patients with burns and increase burn-related morbidity and mortality. Bacteriophages, natural bacterial viruses, are being considered as an alternative therapy to treat infections caused by multidrug-resistant bacteria. We aimed to compare the efficacy and tolerability of a cocktail of lytic anti-Pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteriophages with standard of care for patients with burns.
Clinical practice guidelines for the care and treatment of breast cancer: 14. The role of hormone replacement therapy in women with a previous diagnosis of breast cancer; Objective: To provide information and recommendations to women with a previous diagnosis of breast cancer and their physicians regarding hormone replacement therapy (HRT).
Men with prostate cancer make positive dietary changes following diagnosis and treatment; Few studies have measured dietary changes made among men diagnosed with prostate cancer (PC) without formal dietary interventions, yet they may offer insight into the needs of PC survivors. This study examined dietary changes in men before and after treatment for PC within the prostate testing for cancer and treatment randomized trial.
Prostatic carcinoma: A nutritional disease? Conflicting data from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; Purpose: The incidence of prostate cancer in Saudi Arabia has been reported to be low at 1.4 to 2.1/100,000 person-years. We prospectively evaluated the true incidence of this disease and its association with dietary factors.
Effects of dietary polyphenols in the glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress biomarkers in diabetic nephropathy: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Context Polyphenols have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anti-glycation properties. Objective To assess the effects of dietary polyphenols, from food sources or supplements, on the anthropometric, glycemic, renal, inflammatory, and oxidative stress markers in adults with diabetic nephropathy (DN). Data sources Systematic searches for randomized clinical trials were performed in MEDLINE, Embase, CENTRAL, Web of Science, LILACS, SciELO, opengrey.eu, and ClinicalTrials.gov databases until December 2021. Data extraction Studies with adults with DN were included. Random-effects meta-analyses were conducted. Risk of bias of the studies and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment were carried out. Data analysis The searches resulted in 5614 unique occurrences, and 34 full-text articles were retrieved. Of these, 17 studies were included in the qualitative synthesis. Most of the studies used soy protein or milk (n = 5; 0.5-1 g/kg of body weight/d of soy protein, or introduction of 240 mL/d of soy milk) or turmeric/curcumin (n = 5; dose range, 80 to 1500 mg/d) as the intervention. The following outcomes were analyzed: body mass index, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), proteinuria, creatinine clearance, glomerular filtration rate (GFR), urinary albumin to creatinine ratio, and levels of fasting blood glucose, insulin, serum urea and creatinine, C-reactive protein, serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and serum malondialdehyde (MDA). The polyphenol intervention significantly decreased HbA1c (n = 7 studies; -0.27% [95%CI, -0.51%, -0.04%]), proteinuria (n = 5 studies; -109.10 [95%CI, -216.57, -1.63] mg/24 h), and MDA (n = 5 studies; z-score: -0.41; 95%CI, -0.71, -0.10), and significantly increased GFR (n = 7 studies; 3.65 [95%CI, 0.15-7.15] mL/min/1.73 m(2)). Overall, studies showed a high risk of bias, and outcomes showed a low or very-low quality in the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation assessment. Conclusions There is a clinically modest effect of dietary polyphenols intervention in HbA1c, proteinuria, GFR, MDA, and C-reactive protein levels in patients with DN. It is impossible to establish clinical recommendations, because the evidence was of' low or very-low quality and because of the heterogeneity of types and dose regimens used in the studies. Systematic Review Registration PROSPERO registration no. ID245406.
A Phase 2 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of the Safety and Efficacy of Talactoferrin in Patients With Severe Sepsis; Objectives: Lactoferrin is a glycoprotein with anti-infective and anti-inflammatory properties found in secretions and immune cells. Talactoferrin alfa, a recombinant form of human lactoferrin, has similar properties and plays an important role in maintaining the gastrointestinal mucosal barrier integrity. In experimental animal models, administration of talactoferrin reduces translocation of bacteria from the gut into the systemic circulation and mortality from sepsis. Our objective was to determine if talactoferrin could reduce 28-day all-cause mortality in patients with severe sepsis and to assess its safety.
Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the sub-stitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable dis-eases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic re-views of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA im-proves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
Dietary patterns as risk factors of differentiated thyroid carcinoma; Nutritional factors are known to be important in the development of different metabolic diseases. The history of nodular or diffuse goiter is closely related to risk of thyroid carcinoma. On account of the function of the thyroid gland, many studies focus on iodine intake.
Development and validation of a lifestyle-based model for colorectal cancer risk prediction: the LiFeCRC score; Background Nutrition and lifestyle have been long established as risk factors for colorectal cancer (CRC). Modifiable lifestyle behaviours bear potential to minimize long-term CRC risk; however, translation of lifestyle information into individualized CRC risk assessment has not been implemented. Lifestyle-based risk models may aid the identification of high-risk individuals, guide referral to screening and motivate behaviour change. We therefore developed and validated a lifestyle-based CRC risk prediction algorithm in an asymptomatic European population. Methods The model was based on data from 255,482 participants in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study aged 19 to 70 years who were free of cancer at study baseline (1992-2000) and were followed up to 31 September 2010. The model was validated in a sample comprising 74,403 participants selected among five EPIC centres. Over a median follow-up time of 15 years, there were 3645 and 981 colorectal cancer cases in the derivation and validation samples, respectively. Variable selection algorithms in Cox proportional hazard regression and random survival forest (RSF) were used to identify the best predictors among plausible predictor variables. Measures of discrimination and calibration were calculated in derivation and validation samples. To facilitate model communication, a nomogram and a web-based application were developed. Results The final selection model included age, waist circumference, height, smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity, vegetables, dairy products, processed meat, and sugar and confectionary. The risk score demonstrated good discrimination overall and in sex-specific models. Harrell's C-index was 0.710 in the derivation cohort and 0.714 in the validation cohort. The model was well calibrated and showed strong agreement between predicted and observed risk. Random survival forest analysis suggested high model robustness. Beyond age, lifestyle data led to improved model performance overall (continuous net reclassification improvement = 0.307 (95% CI 0.264-0.352)), and especially for young individuals below 45 years (continuous net reclassification improvement = 0.364 (95% CI 0.084-0.575)). Conclusions LiFeCRC score based on age and lifestyle data accurately identifies individuals at risk for incident colorectal cancer in European populations and could contribute to improved prevention through motivating lifestyle change at an individual level.
Effect of Oral Administration of Acetaminophen and Topical Application of EMLA on Pain during Transrectal Ultrasound-Guided Prostate Biopsy; Purpose: Transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy is the procedure of choice for diagnosing prostate cancer. We compared with pain-relieving effect of acetaminophen, a known drug for enhancing the pain-relieving effect of tramadol, and eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA), a local anesthetic agent, with that of the conventional periprostatic nerve block method.
Dietary Fats and Cardiovascular Disease A Presidential Advisory From the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of death, accounting for 17.3 million deaths per year. Preventive treatment that reduces CVD by even a small percentage can substantially reduce, nationally and globally, the number of people who develop CVD and the costs of caring for them. This American Heart Association presidential advisory on dietary fats and CVD reviews and discusses the scientific evidence, including the most recent studies, on the effects of dietary saturated fat intake and its replacement by other types of fats and carbohydrates on CVD. In summary, randomized controlled trials that lowered intake of dietary saturated fat and replaced it with polyunsaturated vegetable oil reduced CVD by approximate to 30%, similar to the reduction achieved by statin treatment. Prospective observational studies in many populations showed that lower intake of saturated fat coupled with higher intake of polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fat is associated with lower rates of CVD and of other major causes of death and all-cause mortality. In contrast, replacement of saturated fat with mostly refined carbohydrates and sugars is not associated with lower rates of CVD and did not reduce CVD in clinical trials. Replacement of saturated with unsaturated fats lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, a cause of atherosclerosis, linking biological evidence with incidence of CVD in populations and in clinical trials. Taking into consideration the totality of the scientific evidence, satisfying rigorous criteria for causality, we conclude strongly that lowering intake of saturated fat and replacing it with unsaturated fats, especially polyunsaturated fats, will lower the incidence of CVD. This recommended shift from saturated to unsaturated fats should occur simultaneously in an overall healthful dietary pattern such as DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) or the Mediterranean diet as emphasized by the 2013 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology lifestyle guidelines and the 2015 to 2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans.
A double-blind, randomised, vehicle-controlled clinical study to evaluate the efficacy of MAS065D in limiting the effects of radiation on the skin: interim analysis; Our aim was to assess the efficacy of MAS065D, a non-steroidal water-in-oil cream, in preventing and limiting skin reactions caused by radiation therapy (RT). 40 women treated with conservative breast cancer surgery followed by radiotherapy, were randomised to receive MAS065D (22 pts) or vehicle (18 pts). Radiotherapy was delivered in 20 fractions: 2.25 Gy to the whole breast plus a concomitant boost of 0.25 Gy to the tumour bed up to a total dose of 50 Gy. Evaluations of skin toxicity, erythema, and subjective symptoms were carried out weekly and 3 weeks after treatment completion. A statistically significant difference between vehicle and MAS065D groups was recorded regarding the maximum severity of skin toxicity (p < 0.0001), burning within the radiation field (p = 0.039) and desquamation (p = 0.02), in favour of the latter. We conclude that MAS065D may be considered a safe and effective treatment in the prevention and minimization of skin reactions and associated symptoms.
Vertical Cytomegalovirus Transmission From HIV-Infected Women Randomized to Formula-Feed or Breastfeed Their Infants; Background. Cytomegalovirus (CMV) is associated with morbidity and mortality in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-exposed infants. We assessed the effect of and relative contribution of breastfeeding to CMV acquisition among infants delivered by HIV-infected mothers.
Reprint of: Dietary fat and fatty foods in the prevention of non-communicable diseases: A review of the evidence; Background: Reducing the intake of total fat, saturated fatty acids (SFA) and dietary cholesterol was a cornerstone of dietary guidance in past decades. This emphasis shifted recently from lowering the intake of total fat to focusing on the quality of dietary fat intake, the avoidance of industrial trans-fatty acids (TFA), and the substitution of SFA with unsaturated fatty acids. There is also a trend towards investigating diet-disease associations of fatty foods rather than nutrients. Scope and approach: We aimed to summarize comprehensively the currently available evidence for total dietary fat, fat quality, and fatty foods such as butter, vegetable oils, nuts and seeds on risk of non-communicable diseases including cardiovascular disease (and its risk factors), cancer, type 2 diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. Key findings and conclusions: The findings from systematic reviews of prospective observational studies, which often compared extreme intake categories, found mainly no association of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and SFA with risk of non-communicable diseases. Systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials indicate that SFA and/or TFA substitution with MUFA and/or PUFA improves blood lipids and markers of glycemic control (observed only for SFA replacement), with the effect of PUFA being more pronounced. A higher intake of total TFA was associated increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In line with current dietary guidelines, the available published evidence deems it reasonable to recommend replacement of SFA with MUFA and PUFA and avoidance of consumption of industrial TFA.
USE OF A EUTECTIC MIXTURE OF LOCAL-ANESTHETICS FOR PROLONGED SUBCUTANEOUS DRUG ADMINISTRATION; The efficacy of a eutectic mixture of local anesthetics (EMLA) in alleviating the pain associated with subcutaneous needle insertion for infusion of the iron-chelating agent, deferoxamine, was examined in 12 patients with homozygous beta-thalassemia. As reported by the patient using a 100-mm visual analogue scale, the pain of insertion was rated as significantly less after application of EMLA (mean +/- SD, 1.5 +/- 2.2 mm) than the pain associated with needle insertion without EMLA (34.8 +/- 33.5 mm, P = .005). Subsequently, in a double-blind randomized trial of 10 beta-thalassemia patients, EMLA was significantly better (5.7 +/- 8.2 mm) than placebo (27.0 +/- 22.8 mm, P = .01) in reducing the pain of needle insertion for deferoxamine infusion. No adverse effects were reported with the use of EMLA cream. These results suggest that EMLA may be effective in reducing the pain associated with needle insertion for subcutaneous deferoxamine infusion in beta-thalassemia patients, which may lead to improved compliance with this irritating, prolonged therapy. The safety of EMLA use in these patients, and others receiving regular parenteral therapy, should now be examined.
Diets enriched in whey or casein improve energy balance and prevent morbidity and renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats; High-fat diets induce obesity and increase risks of diabetes and cardiovascular and renal disorders. Whey-or casein-enriched diets decrease food intake and weight gain; however, their cardiovascular and renal benefits are unclear. We determined whether whey-and casein-enriched diets improve energy balance and are protective against renal damage and morbidity associated with stroke in an obesogenic and hypertensive experimental setting. We also assessed whether the hypophagic effects of these diets were due to reduced diet preference. In experiment 1, spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats were randomized to (a) control (CON; 14% kcal protein, 33% fat), (b) whey (WHY; 40% protein, 33% fat), (c) casein (CAS; 40% protein, 33% fat) or (d) chow (CHW; 24% protein, 13% fat) for 12 weeks with 1% salt in drinking water for CON, WHY and CAS groups. Our results demonstrated that both WHY and CAS produced short-term hypophagia, moderately increased energy expenditure and decreased respiratory quotient, body weight and lean mass, with effects of WHY being more prolonged. Further, only WHY decreased fat mass and blood pressure. Importantly, both WHY and CAS prevented morbidity associated with stroke and decreased indices of renal inflammation (tumor necrosis factor-a, interleukin-6) and damage (osteopontin, renal lesions). In experiment 2, following four initial conditioning trials, the preference for CON, WHY or CAS diet was determined. Both WHY and CAS decreased food intake during conditioning and decreased preference. In conclusion, diets enriched in whey or casein improved energy balance, increased survival and prevented renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Nutritional intervention study with argan oil in man: Effects on lipids and apolipoproteins; Aim: To evaluate whether the consumption of virgin argan oil (VAO) is associated with a change in serum lipids and reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease in healthy Moroccans. Methods: Sixty volunteers consumed butter (25 g/day) during 2 weeks (stabilization period) and were randomly divided into two groups: the treatment group received 25 g/day of VAO during 3 weeks (intervention period), and the control group received 25 g/day of extra virgin olive oil (EVO). Throughout the study, weight, blood pressure, and daily food intake were measured. Serum total cholesterol and low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoproteins A-1 and B were measured at the end of each diet period. Results: Analysis of food intake showed that the daily diet is isocaloric for the butter regimen (2,537 +/- 244 kcal/day) as well as for the VAO and EVO regimens (2,561 246 and 2,560 +/- 253 kcal/day, respectively). Analysis of the lipid intake showed a reduction in saturated fatty acids with VAO and EVO regimens (27 +/- 1.4 and 26.4 +/- 3.4%, respectively) as compared with the stabilization period(41.6 +/- 2.4%). The analysis of serum lipids showed a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-1 in both VAO group (8.4%, p=0.012, and 5.2%, p=0.027, respectively) and EVO group (17.3%, p=0.001, and 5.9%, p=0.036, respectively). However, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (13.8%, p=0.037, and 7.8%, p=0.039, respectively) decreased significantly only in EVO group as compared with the stabilization period, while triglycerides decreased significantly by 17.5% (p=0.039) only in VAO group. Conclusion: These results confirm the cholesterol-lowering effect of EVO and show for the first time the triglyceride-lowering effect of VAO in men. Copyright (C) 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Folic Acid and Vitamin B12 Supplementation and the Risk of Cancer: Long-term Follow-up of the B Vitamins for the Prevention of Osteoporotic Fractures (B-PROOF) Trial; Background: Folic acid and vitamin B12 play key roles in one-carbon metabolism. Disruption of one-carbon metabolism may be involved in the risk of cancer. Our aim was to assess the long-term effect of supplementation with both folic acid and vitamin B12 on the incidence of overall cancer and on colorectal cancer in the B Vitamins for the Prevention of Osteoporotic Fractures (B-PROOF) trial.
Fat consumption among members of the SU.VI.MAX group; The <<Supplementation en Vitamines et Mineraux AntioXidants>> (SU.VI.MAX) study is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, primary prevention trial designed to test the efficacy of daily supplementation with antioxidant vitamins (vitamin C, 120 mg; vitamin E, 30 mg; and beta-carotene, 6 mg;) and minerals (selenium 100 mu g; and zinc, 20 mg) at nutrition-level doses (one to three times the daily recommanded dietary allowances) in reducing several major health problems in industrialized countries, especially the main causes of premature death, cancers and cardiovascular diseases. The present report describes the design, implementation, and baseline characteristics of participants in this 8-year cohort study, which started in 1994; 12 735 eligible subjects (women aged 35-60 year, and men aged 45-60) were included in 1994 and will be followed for 8 years. Participants undergo a yearly visit consisting, every other year, of either biological sampling or clinical examination They also regularly provide information on health events and dietary intake by filling out computerized questionnaires using the Minitel Telematic Network. Data on baseline characteristics of the participants suggest that the present sample is close to the national population in terms of geographic density socio-economic status, and the distribution of various major risk factors for the diseases under study The choice of the study population should allow the results of Prevention Trial with Antioxidant Nutrients.
Prophylactic Topical Treatment for EGFR Inhibitor-Induced Papulopustular Rash: A Randomized Clinical Trial; Background: The incidence of epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor (EGFRI)-induced papulopustular rash is 60-85%. Objective: To investigate prophylactic topical treatment for EGFRI-induced rash. Methods: A single-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Adult cancer patients initiating treatment with EGFRIs were randomized to receive facial topical treatment with chloramphenicol 3% + prednisolone 0.5% (CHL-PRED) ointment, chloramphenicol 3% (CHL) ointment, or aqua cream (AQUA). The primary end points were the incidence of >= grade 3 rash using the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE), on days 14 and 30. A subanalysis was conducted for incidence of a protocol-specified significant rash, defined as >= 10 facial papulopustular lesions. Results: The per-protocol analysis on day 14 included 69 patients, who received CHL-PRED (21), CHL (23), or AQUA (25). The incidence of CTCAE >= grade 3 rash was not statistically significant between arms; however, the incidence of the protocol-specified significant rash was: CHL-PRED 14%, CHL 39%, and AQUA 48% (p = 0.03, CHL-PRED vs. AQUA). At 30 days, the CTCAE >= grade 3 incidence was similar, but the incidences of protocol-specified significant rash were 6%, 16%, and 43% (p = 0.03, CHL-PRED vs. AQUA). No significant differences were found between CHL and CHL-PRED and between CHL and AQUA. Conclusions: Prophylactic topical CHL-PRED was efficacious when compared to AQUA, in the treatment of EGFRI-induced facial papulopustular rash.
Mediterranean Dietary Pattern is Associated with Low Risk of Aggressive Prostate Cancer: MCC-Spain Study; Purpose: We explored the association of the previously described Western, prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns with prostate cancer risk by tumor aggressiveness and extension.
Adherence to the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns and breast cancer risk: MCC-Spain study; Objective: To externally validate the previously identified effect on breast cancer risk of the Western, Prudent and Mediterranean dietary patterns.
Replacement of Red and Processed Meat With Other Food Sources of Protein and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in European Populations: The EPIC-InterAct Study; OBJECTIVE There is sparse evidence for the association of suitable food substitutions for red and processed meat on the risk of type 2 diabetes. We modeled the association between replacing red and processed meat with other protein sources and the risk of type 2 diabetes and estimated its population impact. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-InterAct case cohort included 11,741 individuals with type 2 diabetes and a subcohort of 15,450 participants in eight countries. We modeled the replacement of self-reported red and processed meat with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, cheese, cereals, yogurt, milk, and nuts. Country-specific hazard ratios (HRs) for incident type 2 diabetes were estimated by Prentice-weighted Cox regression and pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS There was a lower hazard for type 2 diabetes for the modeled replacement of red and processed meat (50 g/day) with cheese (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.83-0.97) (30 g/day), yogurt (0.90, 0.86-0.95) (70 g/day), nuts (0.90, 0.84-0.96) (10 g/day), or cereals (0.92, 0.88-0.96) (30 g/day) but not for replacements with poultry, fish, eggs, legumes, or milk. If a causal association is assumed, replacing red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, or nuts could prevent 8.8%, 8.3%, or 7.5%, respectively, of new cases of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS Replacement of red and processed meat with cheese, yogurt, nuts, or cereals was associated with a lower rate of type 2 diabetes. Substituting red and processed meat by other protein sources may contribute to the prevention of incident type 2 diabetes in European populations.
Effect of feed supplement containing earthworm meal (<i>Lumbricus rubellus</i>) on production performance of quail (<i>Coturnix coturnix japonica</i>); The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of feed supplement (FS) contained earthworm meal (EWM) on production performance of laying quails. Twenty weeks-old of 360 Coturnix coturnix japonica quails were used in a Completely Randomized Design (CRD) with three dietary treatments A = CD (control without FS), B = CD + 0.250 % of FS, and C = CD + 0.375 % of FS during 6 weeks of experimental period. Each treatment in 4 equal replicates in which 30 quails were randomly allocated into 12 units of cages. Variable measured were feed intake, feed conversion ratio, feed efficiency, mortality rate, hen day production, egg weight, and egg uniformity. Data were statistically analyzed by One Way ANOVA and the differences among mean treatments are analysed using Duncan's Multiple Range Test (DMRT). The results showed that administration of 0.375% FS based on earthworm meal, fermented rice bran, and skim milk impaired the feed conversion ratio and increased the feed efficiency. The experimental treatments did not effect on feed intake, mortality, hen day production, egg weight, and egg uniformity of quail. It is concluded that administration of feed supplement improved the growth performance of quail.
Compound Probiotics Improve the Diarrhea Rate and Intestinal Microbiota of Newborn Calves; Simple Summary Calf diarrhea is a major cause of mortality in calves, and results in high treatment costs and economic loss for the dairy and cattle industries. In addition, diarrhea usually occurs around 2 weeks after calf birth. In this study, we determined how compound probiotics influenced the gut microbiota and its effect on diarrhea rates of newborn Holstein calves. The probiotics included compound yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Kluyveromyces marxianus) and lactic acid bacteria (Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis, Pediococcus pentosaceus, and Lactobacillus plantarum). Among them, the LS, L, and S groups are different compound probiotic groups, and the D group is the control group. Our results revealed that although probiotics did not affect the community diversity of gut bacteria in newborn calves, compound probiotics significantly increased the community richness of gut bacteria. Principal coordinates analysis using weighted UniFrac distances showed that the microbial communities of calves fed compound probiotics were relatively closely clustered, but were separate from the communities of calves in the control group. The calves fed compound probiotics also had lower rates of diarrhea. Our findings improve our understanding of the role of probiotics in regulating the gut microbiota of calves, and are of special significance to researchers in the dairy and cattle industries. We evaluated the effects of probiotic compounds on the composition of the gut microbiota. Forty newborn calves were random allocated to the lactic acid bacteria + yeast group (LS group), lactic acid bacteria group (L group), yeast group (S group), and control group (D group). Probiotics containing Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis, Pediococcus pentosaceus, Lactobacillus plantarum, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, and Kluyveromyces marxianus were fed to calves in the three treatment groups for 15 days. The feeding process lasted 15 days. Fecal samples were collected from all calves at the end of the trial and analyzed using high-throughput 16S rRNA sequencing. Totals of 1,029,260 high-quality reads and 420,010,128 bp of sequences were obtained. Among the four groups, the alpha diversity of gut microbes was significantly higher in newborn cattle in the LS group than in those in the L, S, and D groups. Overall, the dominant phyla were Firmicutes, Actinobacteria, and Bacteroidetes, whereas Bifidobacterium was the most abundant phylum in the gut of cattle in the LS group. Newborn calves from the compound probiotic groups had closely clustered gut bacterial communities and had lower rates of diarrhea. Overall, compound probiotics regulated the intestinal microbiota community structure of newborn calves and improved intestinal health. New information relevant to the prevention of diarrhea is provided by our research in newborn calves.
Foot and Mouth Disease (FMD) incidence in cattle and buffaloes and its associated farm-level economic costs in endemic India; upgraded buffaloes, respectively. The total farm-level economic loss projected due to FMD in cattle and buffaloes in India was USD 3159 million (INR 221,110 million), USD 270 million (INR 18,910 million) and USD 152 million (INR 10,610 million), respectively during the severe, moderate and mild incidence scenarios at 2015-16 constant prices. The loss varied across the states, and in severe incidence scenario, the country might lose USD 3.2 billion/year and hence, the bi-annual vaccination schedule need to be strictly implemented in all the states. Besides timely vaccination coverage, managing unabated animal movement, educating and motivating the farmers to vaccinate their animals might reduce the incidence and consequential losses to various stakeholders in
A prospective randomized controlled multicentre trial comparing intravesical DMSO and chondroitin sulphate 2% for painful bladder syndrome/interstitial cystitis; Objective: To compare effectiveness of intravesical chondroitin sulphate (CS) 2% and dimethyl sulphoxide (DMSO) 50% in patients with painful bladder syndrome/interstitial cystitis (PBS/IC).
Dietary Factors and the Risk of Gastric Cancer in Hanzhong Area of China; Background: Dietary factors play an important role in gastric cancer risk. They have not been investigated extensively in Hanzhong area, China.
Vitamin D and reduced risk of breast cancer: A population-based case-control study; Background: Vitamin D, antiproliferative and proapoptotic in breast cancer cell lines, can reduce the development of mammary tumors in carcinogen-exposed rats. Current evidence in humans is limited with some suggestion that vitamin D-related factors may reduce the risk of breast cancer. We conducted a population-based case-control study to assess the evidence for a relationship between sources of vitamin D and breast cancer risk.
Inhibitory effects of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) on the azoxymethane-induced colonic preneoplastic lesions; Epidemiological and experimental studies provide evidences that diet and intestinal microflora play an important role in colon carcinogenesis. In recent years, it has been suggested that lactic acid bacteria (LAB) used to ferment dairy products have an inhibitory effect on the colon cancer. This study was designed to determine the effect of Bifidobacterium longum HY8001 (Bif) and Lactobacillus acidophilus HY2104 (Lac) of Korean origin on azoxymethane (AOM)-induced colonic preneoplastic lesions such as aberrant crypt foci (ACF) formation and cecal pH. At five weeks of age, Spraque-Dawley rats were divided at random into four (AOM alone, Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac) groups. Animals were weighed weekly and oral administration of LAB cultures were performed daily until the termination of the study. Two weeks later, all animals were given a subcutaneous injection of AOM dissolved in normal saline at a dose of 15 mg/kg of body weight once per week for 2 weeks. All rats were necropsied 7 weeks after the last AOM injection, and the ACF were visualized under light microscopy in the formalin-fixed, unsectioned methylene blue-stained colons. The total number of aberrant crypt in Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac groups were significantly lower than that of the AOM alone group and the percentage of inhibitions weas 35.0, 45.4 and 45.0%, respectively. Significant inhibition (p<0.001) in the total number of ACF was also observed in LAB treated groups (Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac group by 30.3, 38.6, and 41.2%, respectively). Furthermore, cecal pH appeared to significantly decrease by LAB administration. The results of present study provide some evidences for potential colon tumor-inhibitory properties of lactic cultures and fermented dairy products.
The potential role of organic and conventional yoghurt consumption in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Introduction: Health is an important motivation for the consumption of both organic and functional foods. Organic food contains fewer pesticide residues and statistically more selected health-related compounds such as polyphenols in plant products and polyunsaturated fatty acids in milk and meat products. Recent studies suggest that the gut-liver axis plays an important role in the pathogenesis of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, so probiotics could be a therapeutic tool. Comparing the health effects of yoghurt from organic origin with so-called conventional yoghurt is difficult, because there is no biomarker that would signal the difference with good specificity and sensitivity.
Estimation of the economic impact of a bluetongue serotype 4 outbreak in Tunisia; Introduction Since 1999, Tunisia has experienced multiple occurrences of Bluetongue (BT) outbreaks, leading to numerous reported cases of infection and mortality in flocks. The re-emergence of the disease in 2020 caused substantial economic losses in cattle, attributed to the incursion of serotype BTV-4.Methods To evaluate the economic impact of the recent BT episode, we conducted a retrospective study on outbreaks that occurred in Tunisia between August and November 2020, focusing on the impact at the owner's level and its effects on both small ruminants and cattle. A total of 234 ruminant farms (sheep, cattle, and mixed) were randomly selected across Tunisian governorates and included in the study to estimate both the direct and indirect costs of these outbreaks.Results Total costs were calculated as the sum of losses and expenditures resulting from the BT outbreaks. At the animal level, total losses were estimated to range between 116.280 and 207.086 TND for one infected ewe (euro33.721 and 60.055). For one lactating cow, costs varied between 2,590.724 and 3,171.107 TND (euro751.310 and 919.621). In cattle, exposure to BTV led to a daily unit milk yield decrease of 12.50 to 14.66 L over an average period of 5 months. Diseased sheep experienced weight loss ranging between 4 and 10 kg during the BT outbreaks. The total mean cost of the 2020 BT outbreak in Tunisian investigated farms was estimated at 1,935 million TND (million euro561.15) (range: 1,489 and 2,474 million TND; 431.81 and million euro717.46). The most influential costs of the total BT outbreaks were the decrease in milk yield, mortality, and veterinary treatment.Discussion This study gives valuable insights on the economic impact of the incursion of a new serotype of BT in a naive population in Tunisia. Considering the substantial costs incurred, it is imperative that this disease receives increased attention from stakeholders, including animal owners, veterinary services, practitioners, and decision-makers.
Nutraceuticals in mood disorders: current knowledge and future directions; Purpose of reviewThere is a large evidence base of clinical trials that have investigated the efficacy of a range of nutraceuticals on mood disorders. The aim of the current review is to provide an update regarding the efficacy and safety of nutraceutical agents in mood disorders and to highlight considerations for future research.Recent findingsNutraceuticals such as omega-3, probiotics, zinc, saffron and curcumin have been recommended as adjunctive interventions to standard treatments for people with depression, while St John's wort has been recommended as a monotherapy. In contrast, less research has been devoted to investigating the effect of nutraceuticals in bipolar disorder, with omega-3 being weakly recommended as an adjunctive to standard treatments. Although the safety profile of most nutraceuticals appears acceptable, more insight into the long-term effects within a range of cohorts is recommended.There are a number of nutraceuticals that have clinical trial support for their use as either adjunctive interventions for depression; however, there is mostly limited support for their use in bipolar disorder. Further randomized controlled trials that take into consideration a number of emerging mechanisms, potential nutraceutical combinations and factors that may predict treatment response are required to inform clinical use.
Dietary factors and the risk of gastric cancer in Mexico City; Dietary factors play an important role in gastric cancer risk but have not been investigated extensively in Mexico. The authors conducted a population-based case-control study of gastric cancer in the Mexico City, Mexico, metropolitan area in 1989-1990, A total of 220 patients with histologically confirmed gastric adenocarcinomas were interviewed. Controls were an age-stratified random sample of residents of the Mexico City metropolitan area. The dietary questionnaire was a 70-item semiquantitative food frequency adapted for the Mexican diet. Odds ratios were calculated for quartiles of consumption of food groups and were adjusted for age, gender, calories, chili pepper intake, cigarette smoking, socioeconomic status, added salt, and history of peptic ulcer disease. There was approximately a threefold increased risk of gastric cancer for frequent consumption (highest quartile) of both fresh meat (odds ratio (OR) = 3.1) and processed meat (OR = 3.2), Odds ratios were also significantly elevated for frequent consumption of dairy products (OR = 2.7) and fish (OR = 2.2). The authors observed a decreasing gradient of risk with increasing frequency of vegetable consumption due to a significant inverse trend for the yellow and orange vegetables. High intake of citrus fruits showed a slight inverse association. Consumption of salty snacks more than twice per month was associated with an 80 percent increased risk, and there was a significant positive trend, These findings are consistent with many studies around the world that indicate important roles for salt, processed meats, and vegetable consumption in gastric cancer risk.
Relationship between Pelvic Dimensions and Maximum Traction Forces Required during Parturition in Holstein Cows Using a Biomechanical Obstetric Simulator; The primary aim of this study was to investigate the effect of the pelvic dimensions of Holstein cows on the traction forces during parturition. Additionally, the relationship between calf measurements and traction forces was explored. For this purpose, a modified in vitro biomechanical model simulating obstetric tractions was used. For the requirements of the experiment, six bone pelvises of deceased Holstein cows were collected based on their estimated pelvic inlet area (EPA) and prepared. Additionally, six stillborn calves were collected based on their body weight (BW). The parameters of the pelvic inlet and cavity were measured using computed tomography (CT). Using the simulator, every calf was pulled in a random order through all pelvises, realizing a total of 36 obstetrical tractions, and the required forces were documented with appropriate software. In each extraction, three peaks of forces were recorded, with the first peak occurring at the entrance of the elbows into the maternal pelvic cavity, the second peak at the entrance of the thorax, and the third at the entrance of the calf's pelvis. Logistic regression revealed an exponential relationship between pelvic parameters and traction forces for the entrance of the elbows and the pelvis, with the recorded forces being higher in the two smallest pelvises and stabilizing at a lower level thereafter, while for the entrance of the thorax, the correlations were either exponential or linear. The adjusted coefficients of determination (r(2)) were generally above the threshold of 0.5 for the entrance of the elbows and pelvis and lower (0.3-0.4) regarding the thorax and were statistically significant (p < 0.05) in all cases. Regarding the relationships between the calf dimensions and the required traction forces, the types of correlations were primarily linear and of lower magnitude. The combination of pelvic and calf parameters in a multivariate model resulted in an r(2) of 0.72 for the entrance of the elbows using the pelvic diagonal and calf's body weight, an r(2) of 0.62 using the pelvic area and calf's thoracic circumference, and an r(2) of 0.75 using the pelvic diagonal and calf's fetlock joint width. In conclusion, under the conditions of the present experimentation, the applied traction forces were mainly influenced by the pelvic dimensions in an exponential manner, whereas the calf body measurements showed a weaker effect. Based on these findings, critical cut-off points exist, different for every pelvic parameter, below which a significant increase in the required traction forces is expected.
Photodynamic therapy of superficial basal cell carcinoma with 5-aminolevulinic acid with dimethylsulfoxide and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid: A comparison of two light sources; The aim of this prospective randomized study was to compare the clinical and cosmetic outcome of superficial basal cell carcinomas (BCC), using either laser or broadband halogen light, in photodynamic therapy with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA). A total of 83 patients with 245 superficial BCC were included in the study. Standard treatment involved 15 min of local pretreatment with 99% dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) before topical application of 20% ALA with DMSO (2%) and ethylendiaminetetraacetic acid (2%) as cofactors for 3 h before light exposure with either laser or a broadband lamp (BL). A complete response was achieved in 95 lesions (86%) in the laser group and 110 lesions (82%) in the BL group 6 months after treatment. Of these, 80 lesions (84%) in the laser group and 101 lesions (92%) in the lamp group were independently evaluated to have an excellent or good cosmetic post-treatment score. No serious adverse events were reported. This study shows that there is no statistical significant difference in cure the rate (P = 0.49) and the cosmetic outcome (P = 0.075) with topical application of a modified ALA-cream between light exposure from a simple BL with continuous spectrum (570-740 nm) or from a red-fight laser (monochromatic 630 nm), Cost and safety are further elements in favor of the BL in this setting.
Effect of daily intake of yoghurt and bread enriched with biologically active substances on blood lipids and vitamin A in adolescents and young adults; Design and subjects: In this double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, 80 healthy subjects (mean age 26.3 years) were statistically assigned to two groups. Group I had to eat two special yoghurt and bread products a day. The other probands represented the control group (II).
Path analysis of skin cancer preventive behavior among the rural women based on protection motivation theory; Background Determining the effective factors on the adoption of preventive behaviors capable of reducing the risk of skin cancer is an important step in designing interventions to promote these behaviors. Based on the protection motivation theory, the present study is aimed to conduct a path analysis of skin cancer preventive behaviors in rural women to explore these factors. Methods In this cross-sectional study, 243 rural women were randomly selected from the west of Iran to receive a valid and reliable questionnaire assessing constructs from the protection motivation theory, as well as demographic information. Fully completed questionnaires were returned by 230 women and the data were analyzed by SPSS 22 and LISREL8.8. Results Concerning skin cancer preventive behaviors, 27.8% of women wore sun-blocking clothing when working under the sun, 21.7% used sunscreen cream, 5.7% wore a cap, and 4.8% used gloves and sunglasses. Protection motivation theory and per capita income explained 51% of motivation variance and 25% of the variance of skin cancer preventive behaviors. The response efficacy construct was the strongest predictor of the motivation of protection (ss = - 0.44,p < 0/001). Per-capita income (ss = - 0.34,p < 0/001) and motivation (ss = - 0.33,p < 0/001) were the strongest predictors of these behaviors. Conclusions This study showed that protection motivation theory is efficient in predicting skin cancer preventive behaviors and the interventions can be designed and implemented by this theory. Proper planning is also necessary for promoting these behaviors among people with low per-capita income.
Effects of lactic acid bacteria on intestinal microbial enzyme activity and composition in rats treated with azoxymethane; In recent years, colon cancer has been reported to be one of the most important causes of cancer morbidity and mortality in Korea. Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that lactic acid bacteria (LAB) used to ferment dairy products inhibits colon carcinogenesis. The present study was designed to determine whether the colon cancer inhibitory effect of LAB (Bifidobacterium longum HY8001; Bif and Lactobacillus acidophilus HY2104; Lac) of Korean origin, is associated with intestinal microflora composition and certain enzyme activity in rats treated with azoxymethane (AOM). At five weeks of age, SD rats were divided at random into four (AOM alone, Bif, Lac, and Bif+Lac) groups. Oral administration of lactic acid bacteria cultures were performed daily until the termination of the study. Two weeks later, all animals were given a subcutaneous injection of AOM dissolved in normal saline at a dose of 15 mg/kg of body weight once weekly for 2 weeks. Every two weeks for 10 weeks, five of the rats in each group were randomly chosen for fecal specimen collection. The fecal specimens were used for assay of beta -glucuronidase and nitroreductase, and analysis of intestinal microflora composition. The activity of beta -glucuronidase which plays an important role in the production of the carcinogenic metabolite of azoxymethane was remarkably increased in the AOM alone group after AOM injection and maintained the high level during the experiment. However, LAB inhibited the AOM-induced increase in beta -glucuronidase activity. Nitroreductase activity decreased by 30-40% in LAB treated groups in comparison with that of the AOM alone group. The results of the present study suggest that LAB inhibits colon carcinogenesis by modulating the metabolic activity of intestinal microflora and improving the composition of intestinal microflora.
Effects of maternal choline supplementation on performance and immunity of progeny from birth to weaning; The objectives were to investigate whether supplementation with rumen-protected choline (RPC) during late pregnancy in Holstein cows affects offspring immunity and growth, and whether effects are uteroplacental, colostrum dependent, or both. A total of 105 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned randomly to a prepartum diet (1.54 Mcal of NEL/kg of DM, and 15.8% CP) without (control) or with added RPC (12.9 g/d of choline ion). Calves (n = 111) were blocked by sex and assigned randomly to colostrum from control cows or colostrum from RPC cows, resulting in 4 treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement: (1) calves born and fed colostrum from non-supplemented dams (NN; n = 33); (2) calves from non-supplemented dams and fed colostrum from RPC-fed cows (NC; n = 25); (3) calves from RPC-supplemented dams and colostrum from non-supplemented cows (CN; n = 28); and (4) calves from RPC-supplemented dams and colostrum from RPC-fed cows (CC; n = 25). Growth, intakes, and immunity of females were evaluated up to 56 d of age. Growth and intake of male calves was evaluated up to 35 d of age, and physiological and immune responses to intravenous LPS challenge were evaluated from 21 to 35 d of age. Effects of prenatal and colostrum treatments and interactions between treatments were analyzed using mixed models. Calves fed colostrum from RPC-supplemented dams had a 17.4% increase in apparent efficiency of absorption of IgG compared with calves fed colostrum from control dams (27.4 vs. 23.3%). Incidence of fever in the first 21 d of age tended to be less in females born from RPC-supplemented dams compared with females born from control dams (31 vs. 58%). Prenatal RPC females had increased hematocrit and concentrations of red blood cells, leukocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes in blood compared with prenatal females born from control dams. Compared with prenatal control females, prenatal RPC females had greater intake of milk replacer (704 vs. 748 +/- 9.9 g/d) and starter (45.4 vs. 60.2 +/- 5.9 g/d) during the first 21 d of age. In male calves, mean intake of DM was greater (1,074 vs. 976 +/- 45 g/d) after the LPS challenge (0 to 8 d) by calves born from dams fed RPC compared with males born from control dams. Calves born from RPC-fed dams also had lower mean rectal temperature (39.0 vs. 39.2 degrees C) and mean respiration rate (35.6 vs. 39.3 breaths/min) compared with males born from control dams. Moreover, serum concentrations of metabolites (i.e., beta-hydroxybutyric acid, fatty acids, and glucose), cytokines (i.e., tumor necrosis factor-alpha) and acute phase proteins (i.e., serum amyloid A) were consistent with less-severe inflammatory response to LPS in males born from dams fed RPC compared with control. Source of colostrum and interaction between prenatal and colostrum treatments had minimal effects on calf responses to LPS. Overall, maternal RPC supplementation during late gestation suggests a positive effect on immunity, in that colostrum from RPC-fed dams increased efficiency of IgG absorption and maternal supplementation with RPC during late gestation, regardless of colostrum source, attenuated responses to LPS.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behavior on the Belgian beach; Background Public health campaigns encourage the public to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. However, it is difficult to estimate the level of awareness among the general public.
Replacement of dietary saturated with unsaturated fatty acids is associated with beneficial effects on lipidome metabolites: a secondary analysis of a randomized trial; Background: The effects of replacing dietary saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) and/or polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) on the plasma lipidome in relation to the cardiometabolic disease (CMD) risk is poorly understood. Objectives: We aimed to assess the impact of substituting dietary SFAs with unsaturated fatty acids (UFAs) on the plasma lipidome and examine the relationship between lipid metabolites modulated by diet and CMD risk. Methods: Plasma fatty acid (FA) concentrations among 16 lipid classes (within-class FAs) were measured in a subgroup from the Dietary Intervention and VAScular function (DIVAS) parallel randomized controlled trial (n = 113/195), which consisted of three 16-wk diets enriched in SFAs (target SFA:MUFA:n-6PUFA ratio = 17:11:4% total energy [TE]), MUFAs (9:19:4% TE), or a MUFA/PUFA mixture (9:13:10% TE). Similar lipidomics an-alyses were conducted in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study (specific case/cohorts: n = 775/1886 for type 2 diabetes [T2D], n = 551/1671 for cardiovascular disease [CVD]). Multiple linear regression and multivariable Cox models identified within-class FAs sensitive to replacement of dietary SFA with UFA in DIVAS and their association with CMD risk in EPIC-Potsdam. Elastic-net regression models identified within-class FAs associated with changes in CMD risk markers post-DIVAS interventions. Results: DIVAS high-UFA interventions reduced plasma within-class FAs associated with a higher CVD risk in EPIC-Potsdam, especially SFA-containing glycerolipids and sphingolipids (e.g., diacylglycerol (20:0) z-score = -1.08; SE = 0.17; P value < 10-8), whereas they increased those inversely associated with CVD risk. The results on T2D were less clear. Specific sphingolipids and phospholipids were associated with changes in markers of endothelial function and ambulatory blood pressure, whereas higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were characterized by higher plasma glycerolipids containing lauric and stearic acids. Conclusions: These results suggest a mediating role of plasma lipid metabolites in the association between dietary fat and CMD risk. Future research combining interventional and observational findings will further our understanding of the role of dietary fat in CMD etiology. This trial was registered in ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT01478958.
Estimation of genetic parameters of calving ease in first and second parities of Canadian Holsteins using Bayesian methods; Genetic parameters of calving ease in first and second parities of Canadian Holsteins were estimated using a Bayesian approach. Multiple-trait calving ease records on 94 925 cows (no missing records) were analyzed with a threshold model. The model included a fixed effect for sex of calf and random effects of herd-year-season, sire of cow, and sire of calf. Gibbs sampling was used to generate ten chains of 20 000 samples each, which were used to obtain posterior means for each parameter. Estimates of heritabilities were 0.26 and 0.17 for first and second lactations, respectively. Genetic correlations between lactations were 0.67, indicating that the scores were measures of distinct genetic traits. Direct heritabilities of 0.14 and 0.10 in first and second lactations, respectively, were approximately twice as large as the respective maternal heritabilities of 0.08 and 0.04. Estimates of genetic correlations among all combinations of direct and maternal genetic effects were positive, approximately 0.35, which conflicted with many previous studies. This positive correlation was confirmed by reanalyzing another sample of data with REML and by calculating correlations between official Canadian sire ETA for direct and maternal genetic effects on calving ease. Multiple trait genetic evaluation of calving ease should theoretically provide more precise predictions of breeding values than single-trait repeated records models. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Pretreatment with <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> F-9-35 attenuates ethanol-induced gastric injury in rats; Background: Previous studies suggested that probiotics intervention may be one of the methods for preventing and/or treating gastric ulcer.
Histology-based Treatment of Basal Cell Carcinoma; Basal cell carcinoma is the most common type of skin cancer and its incidence is still rising. In recent years, new treatment modalities have been developed and existing modalities refined. The aim of this article is to give a histology-based overview of the available evidence-based research. The literature was searched for randomized controlled trials from which the efficacy of investigated treatments was obtained. Where possible, treatment modalities were evaluated specifically. Selection criteria were histological subtype, primary or recurrent basal cell carcinoma and tumour localization. Although surgery remains the preferred treatment for most basal cell carcinomas, patient and tumour characteristics should be taken into account when choosing the most suitable treatment.
Changes in dietary pattern when including 700 g of salmon per week to patients with atherosclerotic heart disease; Background and aims: Increased consumption of fish is associated with reduced risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Therefore, we investigate whether an intervention with farmed salmon entailed changes in normal dietary pattern as well as in intake of other cardioprotective or proatherosclerotic foods.
Plasma phytoestrogens are not altered by probiotic consumption in postmenopausal women with and without a history of breast cancer; Soy phytoestrogens were suggested to reduce the risk of a number of diseases including breast cancer. Given that these compounds are metabolized by bacteria, alteration of intestinal bacteria and enzymes may affect phytoestrogen metabolism. We hypothesized that probiotics, when consumed with soy protein, would increase plasma isoflavones, as well as equol producer frequency, in postmenopausal women. We further hypothesized that these effects would differ between women who have had breast cancer and women who have not. To test these hypotheses, 20 breast cancer survivors and 20 controls completed four 6-wk treatments in a randomized, crossover design: supplementation with soy protein (S) (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein, 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy + probiotics (S+P) (10(9) colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS + 1 and Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (M) (215.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk + probiotics (M + P). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations did not differ between controls and survivors, although genistein tended to be lower in survivors at baseline (P = 0.15), and during soy (P = 0.16) and milk protein (P = 0.16) consumption. As expected, soy consumption increased plasma phytoestrogen concentrations (P < 0.0001). Plasma phytoestrogen concentrations and the number of equol producers did not differ between the S and S+P diets. At the same time, plasma equol concentrations as well as urinary equol excretion in 2 subjects were more than 7-fold different between the 2 diets. These results indicate that this particular probiotic supplement does not generally affect plasma isoflavones, although the large differences between plasma and urinary equol in some subjects suggest that equol producer status may be modifiable in some individuals.
Predictive model for vitamin C levels in hyperinsulinemic individuals based on age, sex, waist circumference, low-density lipoprotein, and immune-associated serum proteins; Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) is an important water-soluble antioxidant associated with decreased oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. A previous targeted plasma proteomic study has indicated that ascorbic acid is associated with markers of the immune system in healthy subjects. However, the association between the levels of ascorbic acid and blood biomarkers in subjects at risk of developing T2D is still unknown. Serum ascorbic acid was measured by ultra-performance liquid chromatography and serum proteins were quantified by untargeted liquid-chromatography mass spectrometry in 25 hyperinsulinemia subjects that were randomly assigned a high dairy intake diet or an adequate dairy intake diet for 6 weeks, then crossed-over after a 6-week washout period. Spearman correlation followed by gene ontology analyses were performed to identify biological pathways associated with ascorbic acid. Finally, machine learning analysis was performed to obtain a specific serum protein signature that could predict ascorbic acid levels. After adjustments for waist circumference, LDL, HDL, fasting insulin, fasting blood glucose, age, gender, and dairy intake; serum ascorbic acid correlated positively with different aspects of the immune system. Machine learning analysis indicated that a signature composed of 21 features that included 17 proteins (mainly from the immune system), age, sex, waist circumference, and LDL could predict serum ascorbic acid levels in hyperinsulinemia subjects. In conclusion, the result reveals a correlation as well as modulation between serum ascorbic acid levels and proteins that play vital roles in regulating different aspects of the immune response in individuals at risk of T2D. The development of a predictive signature for ascorbic acid will further help the assessment of ascorbic acid status in clinical settings.(c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Genetic evaluation of stillbirth in United States Holsteins using a sire-maternal grandsire threshold model; A sire- maternal grandsire threshold model was used for genetic evaluation of stillbirth in US Holsteins. Calving ease and stillbirth records for herds reporting at least 10 dead calves were extracted from the Animal Improvement Programs Laboratory database. About half of the 14 million calving ease records in the database had a known livability score, mostly from herds processed by Dairy Records Management Systems ( Raleigh, NC). Calf livability scores of 2 and 3, representing calves born dead and calves that died within 48 h of parturition, respectively, were combined into a single category. The model included effects of herd- year, year- season, parity- sex, sire, birth year group of sire, maternal grandsire ( MGS), and birth year group of MGS. Herd- year, sire, and MGS were random effects. Mean predicted transmitting abilities, expressed as the expected percentage of stillbirths, were 7.9 and 8.6 for direct and maternal stillbirths, respectively. Mean reliabilities for both the direct and maternal effects were 45%. Correlations among domestic and Interbull stillbirth solutions on the underlying scale for bulls with at least 90% reliability ranged from 0.63 to 0.90 across countries for direct stillbirths and from 0.69 to 0.96 for maternal stillbirths, indicating that results were generally consistent with those from other countries. There was no evidence of a genetic trend for either trait. More complete recording of stillbirth scores would improve reliabilities and could allow for evaluations of other breeds.
BAY 11-7082 inhibits the NF-κB and NLRP3 inflammasome pathways and protects against IMQ-induced psoriasis; BAY 11-7082 antagonizes I-kappa B kinase-beta preventing nuclear translocation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B); it also inhibits NOD-like receptor family, pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome activation. NF-kappa B is involved in psoriasis, whereas the role of NLRP3 is controversial. We investigated BAY 11-7082 effects in an experimental model of psoriasis-like dermatitis. Psoriasis-like lesions were induced by a topical application of imiquimod (IMQ) cream (62.5 mg/day) on the shaved back skin of C57BL/6 and NLRP3 knockout (KO) mice for 7 consecutive days. Sham psoriasis animals were challenged with Vaseline cream. Sham and IMQ animals were randomized to receive BAY 11-7082 (20 mg/kg/i. p.) or its vehicle (100 mu l/i. p of 0.9% NaCl). Skin of IMQ animals developed erythema, scales, thickening and epidermal acanthosis. IMQ skin samples showed increased expression of pNF-kappa B and NLRP3 activation. BAY 11-7082 blunted epidermal thickness, acanthosis and inflammatory infiltrate. BAY 11-7082 reduced pNF-kappa B, NLRP3, tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-1 beta expression, blunted the phosphorylation of signal transducer and activators of transcription 3 (STAT3) and decreased IL-23 levels. In addition, BAY 11-7082 reawakened the apoptotic machinery. NLRP3 KO animals showed a reduced total histological score but persistent mild acanthosis, dermal thickness and expression of pNF-kappa B and pSTAT3, following IMQ application. Our data suggest that BAY 11-7082 might represent an interesting approach for the management of psoriasis-like dermatitis depending on the dual inhibition of NF-kappa B and NLRP3.
Association between Dietary Patterns and Cardiometabolic Multimorbidity among Chinese Rural Older Adults; Background: The global population is aging rapidly, leading to an increase in the prevalence of cardiometabolic multimorbidity (CMM). This study aims to investigate the association between dietary patterns and CMM among Chinese rural older adults. Methods: The sample was selected using a multi-stage cluster random sampling method and a total of 3331 rural older adults were ultimately included. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to examine the association between the latent dietary patterns and CMM. Results: The prevalence of CMM among rural older adults was 44.64%. This study identified four potential categories: "Low Consumption of All Foods Dietary Pattern (C1)", "High Dairy, Egg, and Red Meat Consumption, Low Vegetable and High-Salt Consumption Dietary Pattern (C2)", "High Egg, Vegetable, and Grain Consumption, Low Dairy and White Meat Consumption Dietary Pattern (C3)" and "High Meat and Fish Consumption, Low Dairy and High-Salt Consumption Dietary Pattern (C4)". Individuals with a C3 dietary pattern (OR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.98; p = 0.028) and a C4 dietary pattern (OR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.51-0.97; p = 0.034) significantly reduced the prevalence of CMM compared with the C1 dietary pattern. Conclusions: Rural older adults have diverse dietary patterns, and healthy dietary patterns may reduce the risk of CMM.
FLUID INTAKE AND BLADDER-CANCER IN UTAH; A population-based, incident case-control study was conducted in Utah to assess the relationship between fluid intake and bladder cancer. Cancer cases (n = 419) were identified through the Utah Cancer Registry, and controls (n = 889) were obtained through random digit dialling and the Health Care Financing Administration. After adjustment for cigarette smoking, age, sex, history of diabetes, and history of bladder infections using multiple logistic regression analysis, total fluid intake was not found to be related to bladder cancer development. Specific fluids related to bladder cancer risk were milk intake (OR = 0.64) and caffeinated coffee intake (OR = 1.60). A linear trend for a dose-response protective effect was observed for milk, while coffee increased risk only when 40 or more cups were consumed per week. Alcohol increased risk only when consumed at high levels (over 3.64 ounces or 103 per week) by people who never smoked cigarettes (OR = 2.37). Likewise, tea consumption in  noncigarette smokers increased bladder cancer risk (OR = 2.25). Results from this study suggest that types of fluids consumed may play a role in the development of bladder cancer. Furthermore, it is hypothesized that the dietary components of these beverages may be related to the development of bladder cancer.
Differences in the interpretation of a modernized Mediterranean diet prescribed in intervention studies for the management of type 2 diabetes: how closely does this align with a traditional Mediterranean diet?; Purpose and MethodsAdherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is associated with the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, in intervention studies, there is discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet. The purpose of this paper was to examine, synthesize, and develop a narrative review, exploring the qualitative differences in the interpretation of a modernized MedDiet prescribed as an intervention in clinical trials for the management of T2DM, and how closely this aligns with a traditional MedDiet. The traditional' MedDiet is often described as a dietary pattern high in unprocessed plant foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, wholegrain cereals, and olive oil); moderate consumption of wine; low moderate in fish/shellfish; and an infrequent consumption of red meat, animal fats, vegetable oils, and processed foods.Results and ConclusionsSynthesis of the reviewed literature demonstrates considerable variation in the qualitative interpretation of a MedDiet. We also identified inadequate reporting of MedDiet interventions, despite a number of studies referring to their intervention as a traditional' MedDiet. The majority of studies emphasized the same key dietary components and principles: an increased intake of vegetables, wholegrains, and the preferential consumption of white meat in substitute of red and processed meat and abundant use of olive oil. However, the reporting of specific dietary recommendations for fruit, legumes, nuts, bread, red wine, and fermentable dairy products were less consistent or not reported. Irrespective of the discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet, a number of studies included in the present review reported improved glycaemic control and favorable cardiovascular outcomes with adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet. Nevertheless, greater clarity and depth of reporting amongst intervention studies is warranted for the refinement of a modernized MedDiet definition that is distinct from a prudent dietary pattern.
Local Perceptions, Cultural Beliefs and Practices That Shape Umbilical Cord Care: A Qualitative Study in Southern Province, Zambia; Background: Global policy regarding optimal umbilical cord care to prevent neonatal illness is an active discussion among researchers and policy makers. In preparation for a large cluster-randomized control trial to measure the impact of 4% chlorhexidine as an umbilical wash versus dry cord care on neonatal mortality in Southern Province, Zambia, we performed a qualitative study to determine local perceptions of cord health and illness and the cultural belief system that shapes umbilical cord care knowledge, attitudes, and practices.
A Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial of Interventions to Improve Functional Recovery After Hospitalization in Older Adults: Feasibility and Adherence; Background: Hospitalization is a major risk factor for functional decline, disability, loss of independence, and mortality in older adults. Evidence-based interventions to improve functional recovery from hospitalization are difficult to evaluate and implement in geriatric patients. The goal of this pilot study was to test the feasibility of recruiting geriatric inpatients and implementing pragmatic interventions to improve physical function following hospitalization.
A Dietary Intervention for Recurrent Prostate Cancer After Definitive Primary Treatment: Results of a Randomized Pilot Trial; OBJECTIVES Considerable evidence has shown that diet can affect both the incidence and the progression of prostate cancer. The objective of this Study was to determine whether men in this situation could make a change to a diet emphasizing plant-based foods and fish and to examine the effect on quality of life (QOL) and prostate-specific antigen (PSA) velocity.
Recent Advances in Pharmacotherapeutic Paradigm of Mild to Recalcitrant Atopic Dermatitis; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common, chronic skin inflammatory disorder characterized by perivascular infiltration of immunoglobulin E (IgE), T lymphocytes, and mast cells. The key factors responsible for the pathophysiology of this disease are immunological disorders and defects in epidermal barrier properties. Pruritus, intense itching, psychological stress, deprived physical and mental performance, and sleep disturbance are the hallmark features of this dermatological disorder. Preventive interventions such as educational programs, avoidance of allergens, and exclusive care toward the skin could play a partial role in suppressing the symptoms. Based on the available clinical evidence, topical corticosteroids (TCs) are among the most commonly prescribed agents; however, these should be selected with care. In cases of steroid phobia, persistent adverse effects or chronic use, topical calcineurin inhibitors can be considered as a promising adjunct to TCs. Recent advances in the pharmacotherapeutic paradigm of atopic diseases exploring the therapeutic dominance of nanocarrier-mediated delivery is also discussed in this evidence-based review with regard to the treatment of AD. The present review summarizes the available clinical evidence, highlighting the current and emerging trends in the treatment of AD and providing evidence-based recommendations for the clinicians and health care professionals. Available evidence for the management of pediatric and adult atopic dermatitis (AD; atopic eczema) of all severities is explored. The management of other types of dermatitis, such as irritant contact dermatitis, seborrheic dermatitis, neurodermatitis, perioral dermatitis, stasis dermatitis, and allergic contact dermatitis are outside the scope of current review article. The presented studies were appraised using a unified system called the "Strength of Recommendation Taxonomy (SORT)," which was developed by the editors of several US family medicine and primary care journals (i.e., American Family Physician, Family Medicine, Journal of Family Practice, and BMJ USA).(1) The searched studies were graded using a 3-point scale based on the quality of methodology (e.g., randomized control trial, case control series, clinical cohort studies, case series, etc.) and key emphasis of the trial (i.e., diagnosis, treatment/prevention/ screening, or prognosis) as follows:
IMPACT OF A WORKSITE CANCER PREVENTION PROGRAM ON EATING PATTERNS OF WORKERS; Changes in the consumption of foods targeted by a cancer prevention intervention based on seven food-focused messages were measured in Treatwell, a randomized, controlled worksite nutrition intervention study aimed at reducing dietary fat and increasing dietary fiber. Changes in food intake of employees in five sites fully implementing the intervention were compared with those in eight control sites in order to assess the impact of the intervention on eating behavior. Food intake was measured using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Some messages addressed consumption of one food, and others three or four foods in a category. Fourteen foods representing the seven messages from the FFQ and summary questions were analyzed. The intervention messages were delivered to workers through activities such as classes on nutrition and weight management, taste tests, food demonstrations, and point-of-purchase nutrition education programs.
Randomized trial of calcipotriol combined with 5-fluorouracil for skin cancer precursor immunotherapy; BACKGROUND. Actinic keratosis is a precursor to cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Long treatment durations and severe side effects have limited the efficacy of current actinic keratosis treatments. Thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) is an epithelium-derived cytokine that induces a robust antitumor immunity in barrier-defective skin. Here, we investigated the efficacy of calcipotriol, a topical TSLP inducer, in combination with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) as an immunotherapy for actinic keratosis.
The efficacy and safety of lebrikizumab monotherapy for the management of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronically relapsing disease. Few biologics are approved for moderate-to-severe AD, and novel interventions are emerging. We aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of lebrikizumab, an IL-13 immunomodulator, as monotherapy vs. placebo in treating moderate-to-severe AD.Methods: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Medline, Embase, and registry () databases were systematically searched. We evaluated lebrikizumab vs. placebo and measured efficacy using Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI), Body Surface Area (BSA), and Investigator's Global Assessment (IGA) change from baseline to week 16. Safety was evaluated by the incidence of serious adverse events (SAEs), non-serious adverse events (NSAEs), and mortality. The risk of bias was investigated using the Revised Cochrane risk of bias tool.Results: Three RCTs (n = 1,149) included 543 (47.25%) men vs. 606 (52.75%) women. Meta-analysis showed statistically significant improvement in EASI, IGA, and BSA. EASI75 at week 16 for all regimens was (RR = 2.62, 95% CI [2.06, 3.34], p < 0.00001) with the first regimen (500 mg loading dose then 200 mg every 2 weeks) showing the most significant improvement (RR = 3.02, 95% CI [2.39, 3.82], p < 0.00001). The pooled analysis of safety outcomes concluded that lebrikizumab did not correlate significantly with the incidence of SAEs, NSAEs, and mortality.Conclusion: Overall, lebrikizumab showed a significant improvement in all efficacy outcomes. Additionally, it did not contribute to any significant incidence of SAEs, NSAEs, or mortality. The risk of bias in included RCTs was minor except in the randomization domain. Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) assessment of the outcomes ranged from low to high, but predominantly high certainty of evidence.
Effect of birth weight and litter size on productive performance of rabbits; This study chiefly aims to ascertain the effect of birth weight and litter size on productive performance in rabbits. After delivery kits were removed from their mothers for individual weighing and randomly assigned to one of the following three experimental treatments: Group (KT 6) with six tiny kits (about 45 g) per litter (21 litters); Group (KT 8) with eight tiny kits (about 45 g) per litter (17 litters); Group (KN8) with eight normal kits (about 70 g) per litter (20 litters). The litters, separated from their mothers by putting them in a closed cage, suckled one time a day for 15 minutes. Daily milk production was measured by weighing the does immediately before and after suckling; body weight of kits was measured on a weekly basis. At weaning 60 rabbits per group were raised for six weeks to ascertain post-weaning performance and health. Compared with the two other groups, the kits of group KT8 ingested smaller quantities of milk both during the first 3 weeks (497.7 vs. 520.0 vs. 544.3 g, respectively for groups KT8, KN8, KT6) and the following period (261.3 vs. 285.0 vs. 302.7 g, respectively for KT8, KN8, KT6). The differences between groups KT8 and KT6 were statistically significant (p < 0.01) in the first period while in the second period also KN8 group showed milk intake different in respect of KT8 (p < 0.01) and KT6 (p < 0.05) groups. Solid feed intake was significantly (p < 0.05) lower in group KT6 (23.1 vs. 26.2 vs. 26.8 g/d, respectively for groups KT6, KN8, KT8). At weaning the kits of group KN8 always weighed more (966 vs. 894 vs. 888 g; p < 0.01, respectively for groups KN8, KT6, KT8). After weaning, no parameter considered (daily weight gain, feed intake, feed conversion ratio, mortality and risk sanitary index) was affected by birth weight and litter size.
Assessment of Knowledge of Male Animal Handlers Regarding Congo Hemorrhagic Fever; Aim: To assess knowledge of male animal handlers regarding Congo Hemorrhagic fever.
Effects of maternal selenium supply and plane of nutrition during gestation on passive transfer of immunity and health in neonatal lambs; To investigate the influence of maternal Se supply and plane of nutrition on lamb morbidity, mortality, and passive transfer of IgG, pregnant ewe lambs were used in 2 experiments with 2 x 3 factorial treatment arrangements. Supplementation of Se began at breeding and was either adequate Se (ASe, 9.5 mu g/kg of BW) or high Se (HSe, 81.8 mu g/kg of BW) in Exp. 1 or ASe (11.5 mu g/kg of BW) or HSe (77.0 mu g/kg of BW) in Exp. 2. On d 50 or 40 of gestation for Exp. 1 or 2, respectively, ewes were assigned randomly to 1 of 3 nutritional planes: 60% (RES), 100% (control, CON), or 140% (HI) of NRC requirements. This resulted in the following treatments: ASe-RES, ASe-CON, ASe-HI, HSe-RES, HSe-CON, and HSe-HI. Upon parturition, lambs were separated from their dams and serum samples obtained. Lambs were fed artificial colostrum for the first 20 h and then placed on milk replacer and grain pellets until completion of the study (Exp. 1, 57 d; Exp. 2, 21 d). Twenty-four hours after parturition, lamb serum samples were collected for IgG analysis. All lambs were reared similarly and morbidity and mortality assessed. Main effects were considered significant when P <= 0.05. In Exp. 1, there was a Se x plane of nutrition interaction (P <= 0.01) for lamb morbidity from birth to weaning and for 24-h IgG concentration. Lambs from ASe-RES and HSe-HI ewes were treated more frequently (P < 0.01) for respiratory and gastrointestinal disease, and lambs from HSe-HI ewes had the smallest (P < 0.01) 24-h serum IgG concentration. In Exp. 1, lambs from HI ewes also had the greatest (P < 0.01) mortality rates from birth to weaning compared with lambs from CON and RES ewes. In Exp. 2, there was an effect (P < 0.01) of maternal plane of nutrition with lambs from RES ewes having increased 24-h IgG compared with lambs from CON and HI ewes. There was no effect of maternal Se supplementation on lamb 24-h IgG in Exp. 2; however, there was a Se x plane of nutrition interaction (P < 0.01) for morbidity. From birth to 21 d of age, lambs from ASe-CON ewes had fewer (P < 0.01) treatment days compared with lambs from any of the other treatment groups. There also tended (P = 0.08) to be an effect of maternal Se supplementation on lamb mortality with increased mortality observed in lambs from HSe ewes. Results from the studies show a restricted maternal plane of nutrition can increase lamb serum IgG concentration. Selenium results were not consistent between the 2 experiments and may be due to differences in maternal Se.
Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma -: Results of a multicenter randomized prospective trial; Background: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive treatment for nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC), without a sound evidence base.
Role of Diet in Colorectal Cancer Incidence Umbrella Review of Meta-analyses of Prospective Observational Studies; IMPORTANCE Several meta-analyses have summarized evidence for the association between dietary factors and the incidence of colorectal cancer (CRC). However, to date, there has been little synthesis of the strength, precision, and quality of this evidence in aggregate.
Dietary fat and fatty acid intake and epithelial ovarian cancer risk: evidence from epidemiological studies; The associations between dietary fat and fatty acid (FA) intakes and epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) risk have been inconsistent in previous studies. We conducted a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies to evaluate these associations. We identified relevant studies by searching PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases. We used random-effects models to estimate summary relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Overall, the search yielded 20 studies (1 pooled analysis of 12 cohort studies, 5 cohorts, and 14 case-control studies). The summary RR for EOC for the highest versus lowest categories of total dietary fat intake was 1.12 (95% CI= 0.95-1.33; I-2 = 77.4%; n = 14). The RRs were not significant when fats were divided into plant-based fats (RR = 0.93, 95% CI = 0.77-1.13; n = 6), animal-based fats (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 0.95-1.39; n = 8), dairy-based fats (RR = 1.02, 95% CI = 0.88-1.18; n = 3), saturated FAs (RR = 1.04, 95% CI = 0.93-1.17; n = 12), monounsaturated FAs (RR = 0.98, 95% CI = 0.84-1.13; n = 10), polyunsaturated FAs (RR = 0.96, 95% CI = 0.81-1.12; n = 10), and trans-unsaturated FAs (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 0.98-1.36; n = 3). Similar non-significant results were also observed in most of the subgroup and sensitivity analyses. The findings of this meta-analysis suggest a lack of evidence for associations between dietary fat and FA intakes and EOC risk. Further analyses should be conducted to assess the associations with other types of fat, and the results should be stratified by tumor invasiveness and EOC histology.
Repeated intrauterine infusions of lipopolysaccharide alter gene expression and lifespan of the bovine corpus luteum; Inflammation of the uterus is associated with disturbed ovarian function and reduced reproductive performance in dairy cows. To investigate the influence of endometritis on the bovine corpus luteum, 8 heifers received intrauterine infusions with either phosphate-buffered saline (PBS; 9 mL) or Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 3 mu g/kg of body weight diluted in 9 mL of PBS) at 6-h intervals from 12 h before and until 9 d after ovulation during 2 cycles in a random order (ovulation = d 1). An untreated cycle was examined before and after PBS and LPS cycles, and the mean values from both untreated cycles were used as control. In all cycles, blood sampling and ultrasonography of the ovaries were performed on d 0, 1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, and then every 2 d until ovulation. Endometrial cells were collected for cytology and quantitative realtime reverse transcriptase PCR on d 0, 6, and 9, and on d 0 and 6, respectively, and luteal tissue was collected for quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase PCR on d 6 and 9. Both, PBS and LPS infusions induced subclinical endometritis, which was accompanied by increased endometrial mRNA abundance of proinflammatory cytokines IL1 beta, IL8, and tumor necrosis factor a. Additionally, LPS challenge induced premature luteolysis, which was characterized by increased plasma concentrations of PGF(2 alpha) metabolite, decreased plasma progesterone concentrations, and reduced luteal size and blood flow compared with the control. The luteal mRNA expression of the LPS receptor TLR4, PGE synthase, and the apoptosis-related factor CASP3 were higher, and those of steroidogenic factors STAR and HSD3B, the PGF receptor, and the angiogenic factor VEGFA(121) were lower after LPS challenge compared with the control. In conclusion, repeated intrauterine LPS infusions during the first 9 d of the estrous cycle alter gene expression and shorten the lifespan of the bovine corpus luteum.
Prostate cancer prevention by silibinin; Several epigenetic alterations leading to Constitutively active mitogenic and cell-survival signaling, and loss of apoptotic response are causally involved in self-sufficiency of prostate cancer (PCA) cells toward uncontrolled growth, and increased secretion of pro-angiogenic factors. Therefore, one targeted approach for PCA prevention, growth control and/or treatment could be inhibition of epigenetic molecular events involved in PCA growth, progression and angiogenesis. In this regard, silibinin/silymarin (silibinin is the major active compound in silymarin) has shown promising efficacy. Our extensive studies with silibinin/silymarin and. PCA cells have shown the pleiotropic anticancer effects leading to cell growth inhibition in culture and nude mice. The underlying mechanisms of silibinin/silymarin efficacy against PCA involve alteration in cell cycle progression, and inhibition of mitogenic and cell survival signaling, such as epidermal growth factor receptor, insulin-like growth factor receptor type I and nuclear factor kappa B signaling. Silibinin also synergizes the therapeutic effects of doxorubicin in PCA cells, making it a strong candidate for combination chemotherapy. Silibinin/ silymarin also inhibits the secretion of proangiogenic factors from tumor cells, and causes growth inhibition and apoptotic death of endothelial cells accompanied by disruption of capillary tube formation on Matrigel. More importantly, silibinin inhibits the growth of in vivo advanced human prostate tumor xenograft in nude mice. Recently, due to its non-toxic and mechanism-based strong preventive/therapeutic efficacy, silibinin has entered in phase I clinical trial in prostate cancer patients.
Does preoperative locally applied estrogen treatment facilitate prolapse-associated symptoms in postmenopausal women with symptomatic pelvic organ prolapse? A randomised controlled double-masked, placebo-controlled, multicentre study; Objective To evaluate whether locally applied vaginal estrogen affects prolapse-associated complaints compared with placebo treatment in postmenopausal women prior to surgical prolapse repair. Design Randomised, double-masked, placebo-controlled, multicentre study. Setting Urogynaecology unit at the Medical University of Vienna and University Hospital of Tulln. Population Postmenopausal women with symptomatic pelvic organ prolapse and planned surgical prolapse repair. Methods Women were randomly assigned local estrogen cream or placebo cream 6 weeks preoperatively. Main outcome measures The primary outcome was differences in subjective prolapse-associated complaints after 6 weeks of treatment prior to surgery, assessed with the comprehensive German pelvic floor questionnaire. Secondary outcomes included differences in other pelvic floor-associated complaints (bladder, bowel or sexual function). Results Out of 120 women randomised, 103 (86%) remained for the final analysis. After 6 weeks of treatment the prolapse domain score did not differ between the estrogen and the placebo groups (4.4 +/- 0.19 versus 4.6 +/- 0.19; mean difference, -0.21; 95% CI -0.74 to 0.33; P = 0.445). Multivariate analysis, including only women receiving the intervention, showed that none of the confounding factors modified the response to estradiol. Conclusions These results demonstrate that preoperative locally applied estrogen does not ameliorate prolapse-associated symptoms in postmenopausal women with symptomatic pelvic organ prolapse. Tweetable abstract Preoperative local estrogen does not ameliorate prolapse-associated symptoms in postmenopausal women with pelvic organ prolapse.
Effects of Potassium Dichromate on Skin Ulcers of Musky Octopus (<i>Eledone moschata</i> Lamarck, 1799) (Mollusca: Cephalopoda); Effects of potassium dichromate (K2Cr2O7) on skin ulcers upon the mantle tip of musky octopus (Eledone moschata) in controlled conditions were investigated. Therefore, the trials on five octopuses were performed at 0.1, 0.15 and 0.2 gL(-1) concentrations of potassium dichromate by bath method. The bath applications were carried out at 20.3 +/- 0.1 degrees C for 1 h day(-1) for two days consecutively. The following 10 days, the musky octopuses were observed for cicatrization or any mortality. In the control group, one individual died and it was observed of the skin lesion enlargement in the one individual and cicatrized of skin ulcers in the remainders, but did not like in the disinfected groups. At 0.1, 0.15 and 0.2 gL(-1) concentrations of potassium dichromate, cicatrization of skin ulcers upon mantle tip of the musky octopuses in controlled conditions was observed without any mortality.
The immune regulatory role of <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i>: An updated meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; In vitro and in vivo trials have shown strong evidence of an active role for the bacterium Lactobacillus acidophilus in immune regulation. This study aimed to review the immune functions of L. acidophilus. Literature searches were done using Medline, SCI, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wan-Fang data, and Chinese Biological Medical databases. Review Manager (version 5.3) was used to organize and do statistical analysis on data obtained from randomized controlled trials. A P value < 0.05 in confidence interval was considered statistically significant. The number of subjects included in the meta-analysis was 1171. Mean differences observed between probiotic-receivers and controls at the 95% confidence interval: cluster of differentiation (CD)4+, 4.55% (3.62-5.49; P < 0.01); CD4+/CD8+, 0.41% (0.30-0.52; P < 0.01); interleukin (IL)-6, -0.15 ng/mL (-0.19 to -0.10; P < 0.01); immunoglobulin (Ig)A, 10.2 g/L (6.8-13.7; P < 0.01); tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, -2.45 pg/mL (-4.81 to -0.09; P < 0.05). Results suggested that L. acidophilus might modulate subjects' immunity.
Short-acting anticholinergic bronchodilation does not increase cardiovascular events in smokers with mild to moderate pulmonary obstruction; Background and objective We hypothesized that bronchodilation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) increases the smoke-related risk to develop cardiovascular disease, and aimed to study the effect of short-acting anticholinergic bronchodilation and smoking on cardiovascular events. Methods We performed a secondary analysis on data from the Lung Health Study, a large randomized clinical trial of smokers with mild to moderate pulmonary obstruction, 3560 years old, without cardiovascular comorbidity. We used Cox proportional survival analysis, controlling for several confounders, to study the effect on 5-year risk of fatal and/or non-fatal cardiovascular events. Secondary outcome encompassed fatal and non-fatal coronary events. Results Of 2745 participants, 23 (0.8%) died of cardiovascular disease. One hundred and sixty-two participants were hospitalized for a cardiovascular event, and 94 participants due to a coronary event. Survival analysis revealed no effect between smoking and short-acting anticholinergic bronchodilation on fatal and/or non-fatal cardiovascular events, hazard ratio=1.12 (0.582.19), nor on coronary events, hazard ratio=1.46 (0.603.56). Conclusions Our study results show that short-acting anticholinergic bronchodilation had no detrimental effect on cardiovascular disease in smokers with mild to moderate pulmonary obstruction.
Different interventions for preventing postoperative catheter-related bladder discomfort: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective Catheter-related bladder discomfort (CRBD) is a common complication of intraoperative urinary catheterization. Various studies have evaluated the efficacy of different interventions in postoperative CRBD. The present review was performed to assess the efficacy of these interventions. Methods PubMed, Embase, and CENTRAL (Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials) databases were systematically searched to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the efficacy of different drugs for the prevention of postoperative CRBD. This review evaluated the incidence and severity of CRBD after different interventions at 0, 1, 2, and 6 h postoperatively. Results Forty-five studies including 31 different drugs were analyzed. Eleven drugs were investigated in more than two RCTs, of which dexmedetomidine, gabapentin, tolterodine, tramadol, ketamine, nefopam, oxybutynin, pregabalin, and pudendal nerve block (PNB) generally showed significantly higher efficacy than controls postoperatively. Solifenacin only showed significant efficacy compared with the control at 0 h, and intravenous lidocaine only showed significant efficacy compared with the control at 6 h. There were insufficient trials to draw conclusions regarding atropine, butylscopolamine, chlorpheniramine, clonidine, darifenacin, diphenhydramine, glycopyrrolate, intravesical bupivacaine, ketamine-haloperidol, pethidine-haloperidol, ketorolac, lidocaine-prilocaine cream, magnesium, hyoscine n-butyl bromide, oxycodone, paracetamol, parecoxib, trospium, resiniferatoxin, or amikacin. However, all but pethidine-haloperidol and chlorpheniramine showed some efficacy at various time points compared with controls. Conclusion This review suggests that dexmedetomidine, gabapentin, tolterodine, tramadol, ketamine, nefopam, oxybutynin, pregabalin, and PNB are effective in preventing postoperative CRBD. Considering the efficacy and adverse effects of all drugs, dexmedetomidine and gabapentin were ranked best.
Soy isoflavones modulate immune function in healthy postmenopausal women; Background: The immune system may be compromised after menopause because of the effects of aging and diminishing concentrations of estrogen, an immune-modulating hormone. Isoflavones, plant-derived compounds with estrogenic and antioxidant properties, may offer immunologic benefits to women during this stage of life.
Lactogenic effect of<i> Polyscias</i><i> scutellaria</i> extract to maintain postpartum prolactin and oxytocin in lactating rats; Background: Hypogalactia remains a challenge for mother to complete exclusive breastfeeding. Shield aralia (Polysicias scutellaria) has been used by Indonesian society to increase breast milk production. Objective: This study aimed to elucidate the novel galactopoietic effect of P. scutellaria extract (PSE) in lactating rats for three weeks.Materials and methods: PSE were assayed for total phenolic content (TPC), total flavonoid content (TFC), and antioxidant capacity. The secondary metabolites of PSE were determined by liquid chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS). After parturition, dams were randomly divided into four groups: lactating rats (LR) + distilled water (LRO), LR + Asifit, and LR + PSE at doses of 250 and 500 mg/ kg body weight (BW). Virgin rats served as the control group. The treatments were given for 14 days.Results: There were no significant differences (p > 0.05) in TPC, TFC, and antioxidant capacity among the three solvents. LC-HRMS revealed 22 compounds greater than 70 of the best-match, which were cat-egorised as flavonoids, terpenoids, phenolic acids, and lignan. PSE increased the weight gain and survival rate of pups from our 3-week observation. Serum Prl was significantly higher (p < 0.05) in lactating rats treated with PSE 250 mg/kg BW at the first and third weeks than in the LRO group. Oxt serum was significantly higher (p < 0.05) in lactating rats treated with PSE (500 mg/kg BW) in the first and second weeks than in the LRO group.Conclusion: PSE-rich polyphenols are promising galactopoietics by orchestrating Prl and Oxt and reducing the mortality of pups.& COPY; 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Institute of Transdisciplinary Health Sciences and Technology and World Ayurveda Foundation. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Effects of a Multispecies Probiotic Supplement on Bone Health in Osteopenic Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized, Double-blind, Controlled Trial; Objective: The development of alternative approaches to prevent and/or treat osteoporosis, as a chronic progressive bone disease, is being considered currently. Among dietary supplements, probiotics may have favorable effects on bone metabolism. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a multispecies probiotic supplementation on bone biomarkers and bone density in osteopenic postmenopausal women.
Therapeutic effect of photodynamic therapy combined with imiquimod in the treatment of anal condyloma acuminatum and its effect on immune function; Therapeutic effect of photodynamic therapy combined with imiquimod in the treatment of anal condyloma acuminatum (CA) was investigated to explore its effect on immune function. A total of 104 patients with anal CA were randomly divided into two groups: Patients in the study group were treated with photodynamic therapy combined with imiquimod, and ii) patients in the control group were treated with recombinant human interferon alpha-2b cream. Clinical efficacy and immune function related indicators were compared between the two groups. After treatment for 6 weeks, the cure rate and total effective rate of study group was 53.85 and 92.31%, respectively, which were significantly higher than those of the control group (30.77 and 75.00%, P<0.05). Recurrence rate of study group was 3.85% within 6 months after treatment, which was significantly lower than that of the control group (19.23%, P<0.05). After treatment, levels of CD4(+), CD4(+)/CD8(+) and IFN-gamma in the study group were significantly higher than those in the control group, and levels of CD8(+), IL-4 and IL-10 in the study group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05). Photodynamic therapy combined with imiquimod in the treatment of anus CA can regulate T lymphocyte subsets and cytokine levels, enhance immune function, improve clinical efficacy, reduce recurrence rate, and have almost no side effects. Therefore, this treatment should be popularized in clinical practice.
Comparison of tilmicosin with long-acting oxytetracycline for treatment of respiratory tract disease in calves; Objective-To compare the effect of a single parenteral injection of tilmicosin with that of a single dose of a long-acting oxytetracycline as treatment in the early stages of naturally acquired undifferentiated respiratory tract disease in young dairy calves.
The antihypertensive effect of cysteine; Hypertension is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Individuals with hypertension are at an increased risk for stroke, heart disease and kidney failure. Essential hypertension results from a combination of genetic and lifestyle factors. One such lifestyle factor is diet, and its role in the control of blood pressure has come under much scrutiny. Just as increased salt and sugar are known to elevate blood pressure, other dietary factors may have antihypertensive effects. Studies including the Optimal Macronutrient Intake to Prevent Heart Disease (OmniHeart) study, Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT), International Study of Salt and Blood Pressure (INTERSALT) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) study have demonstrated an inverse relationship between dietary protein and blood pressure. One component of dietary protein that may partially account for its antihypertensive effect is the nonessential amino acid cysteine. Studies in hypertensive humans and animal models of hypertension have shown that N-acetylcysteine, a stable cysteine analogue, lowers blood pressure, which substantiates this idea. Cysteine may exert its antihypertensive effects directly or through its storage form, glutathione, by decreasing oxidative stress, improving insulin resistance and glucose metabolism, lowering advanced glycation end products, and modulating levels of nitric oxide and other vasoactive molecules. Therefore, adopting a balanced diet containing cysteine-rich proteins may be a beneficial lifestyle choice for individuals with hypertension. An example of such a diet is the DASH diet, which is low in salt and saturated fat; includes whole grains, poultry, fish and nuts; and is rich in vegetables, fruits and low-fat dairy products.
Solasodine glycoalkaloids: a novel topical therapy for basal cell carcinoma. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicenter study; Objective To assess the safety and efficacy of a 0.005% mixture of solasodine glycosides (Zycure) in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma.
Almond ingestion contributes to improved cardiovascular health in sedentary older adults participating in a walking intervention: A pilot study; A small pilot study was conducted to assess synergy between almond ingestion and a walking intervention on cardiovascular health in sedentary adults. Participants (n = 12) followed an 8-week walking protocol (target: 10,000 steps/day), and for study weeks 6-8, participants were randomly assigned to almonds (ALM, 70 g/d) or an isocaloric control butter spread (CON). Protocol adherence was verified by plasma vitamin E measurement. Participant step count increased 23% from baseline levels for weeks 3-5 (p = .015) and remained >= 9800 steps/day for the study duration. Although improvements in cardiovascular health were not demonstrated by the walking protocol alone, total and LDL cholesterol were reduced in the ALM group only during study weeks 6-8 (-6 to -10%; p < .05), and lipid peroxidation tended to fall in the ALM group only as well (-25%; p = .082). These data highlight the value of including almonds in the diet when recommending a walking protocol for improving health. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
INFLUENCE OF NONVIABLE LACTOBACILLUS FERMENTATION PRODUCT ON ARTIFICIALLY REARED PIGS; Two trials were conducted to determine the influence of nonviable lactobacillus fermentation product (LFP) in artificially reared pigs removed from sows at 24 to 36 h postpartum. The pigs were fed a non-medicated milk replacer for 21 days in individual cages in an environmentally controlled room. In Trial I, 5 levels (0, 0.25, 0.5, 1.0 and 2.0 ml/pig per day; 8 pigs per treatment) of LFP were used to determine the effect of dosage rage on growth, feed efficiency, mortality rate, white blood cell count, hematocrit and intestinal morphology. No preferred dosage rate was observed. Trial II was conducted using 2 .times. 2 factorial design with Escherichia coli challenge (with or without) and level of LFP (0, 0.5 and 1.0 ml/pig per day) as the main effects. When pigs were 14 days old, they received an inoculum of either a broth containing E. coli (strain K88, K91; approximately 1 billion organisms for 2 days) or broth without E. coli. Pigs were sacrificed 5 days post-inoculation and 7 sections of gastrointestinal tract and feces were excised to enumerate lactobacillus and coliform populations. A LFP dose of 0.5 ml per day tended to increase gain (P = 0.08) and to suppress (P < 0.05) E. coli count in the stomach area without affecting lactobacillus populations. No differences were detected with the histopathological evaluation. By challenging the pigs with E. coli, jejunal coliform and white blood cell counts were increased (P < 0.06). These results suggest that lactobacillus fermentation product suppresses E. coli counts in the stomach and may improve gain in the artifically reared pig.
Effect of soy protein on endogenous hormones in postmenopausal women; Background: The long-term clinical effects of soy protein containing various concentrations of isoflavones on endogenous hormones are unknown.
Cheese intake, probiotics and breast cancer: A Mendelian randomization analysis; Background: Using Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis, this study sought to determine the causal relationship between genetically predicted cheese intake, probiotics and breast cancer. Methods: A MR analysis including univariable and multivariable MR approaches using the public genome-wide association studies summary statistics was conducted to assess the causal effects. Results: Genetically predicted cheese intake per standard-deviation increase was associated with decreased risks of luminal A-like breast cancer (odds ratio [OR] = 0.80, 95 % confidence interval [CI]: 0.66-0.97, P = 0.03). No causal effect was detected between probiotics and breast cancer. Multivariable MR analysis showed that the causal effect between cheese intake and luminal A-like breast cancer might be driven by several major ingredients in cheese, including calcium, vitamin D and IGF-1 levels. Conclusions: Cheese intake is causally associated with luminal A-like breast cancer.
Relative Validity of a Food Frequency Questionnaire Used to Assess Food Intake During a Dietary Intervention Study; To develop a cost-effective alternative for evaluating dietary intake in large-scale intervention trials of cancer and cardiovascular disease outcomes, we designed and validated a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). We collected 6 to 8 of the 24-hr dietary recalls from 87 adults (ages 30-72 yr) who were randomly assigned to a walnut-supplemented diet or a control diet in a 6-mo dietary intervention trial. Relative validity of a 171-item FFQ in assessing intake of selected foods and the prescribed intervention (intake >= 25 g/day or intake <2 g of walnuts) was determined using 24-h dietary recalls as the reference. De-attenuated correlations between FFQ and dietary recalls were .82 for walnuts, .80 for fruits, .79 for grains, .77 for vegetables, .63 for water, .44 for sweets, and .36 for dairy/eggs. High within-person variation did not allow de-attenuation for the remaining foods, but uncorrected correlations were high (>.7) for the beverage variables. The FFQ correctly classified 86 out of 87 subjects in the 2 prescribed intervention groups. The FFQ can provide an accurate measure of a food-based intervention (i.e., walnut supplementation) in a trial setting and can also accurately estimate a number of other food groups consumed during the trial.
Gastrointestinal microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression in neonatal pigs reared in a cross-fostering model; Cross fostering is employed to equalize the number of piglet between litters ensuring colostrum intake for their survival and growth. However, little is known about the impact of cross fostering on the intestinal microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression of the neonatal pig. The objective of this study was to determine the influence of maternal microbial communities on the gastrointestinal (GI) microbiota and mucosal immune gene expression in young pigs reared in a cross-fostering model. Piglets were given high quality colostrum from birth dam or foster dam upon birth. Twenty-four piglets were randomly assigned at birth to 1 of 3 treatments according to colostrum source and postcolostral milk feeding during, as follow: treatment 1 (n = 8), received colostrum and post-colostral milk feeding from their own dam; treatment 2 (n = 8), received colostrum from foster dam and returned to their own dam for post-colostral milk feeding; and treatment 3 (n = 8), received colostrum and post-colostral milk feeding from foster dam. Genomic DNA was extracted, and the V1-V3 hypervariable region of the bacterial 16S rRNA gene was amplified and sequenced using the Illumina MiSeq platform. Quantitative real-time PCR analysis was also performed to quantify the expression of toll-like receptors (TLR) 2, TLR 4, TLR 10, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interferon gamma (IFN gamma), and interleukin (IL) 4 and IL 10. Data analysis revealed that microbial communities were varied according to the GI biogeographical location, with colon being the most diverse section. Bacterial communities in both maternal colostrum and vaginal samples were significantly associated with those present in the fecal samples of piglets. Cross-fostering did not affect bacterial communities present in the piglet GI tract. However, the mRNA expression of TLR and inflammatory cytokines changed (P < 0.05) with biogeographical location in the GI tract, Higher mRNA expression of TLR and inflammatory cytokines was observed in ileum and ileum associated lymph tissues. This study suggests an impact of colostrum and maternal microbial communities on the microbiota development and mucosal immune gene expression in the newly born piglet. This study revealed novel information about the distribution and expression patterns of TLR and inflammatory cytokines in the GI tract of the young pig. Future studies are needed to determine the role and clinical importance of the mucosal microbiota and mucosal gene expression in health, productivity, and susceptibility to the development of GI disease, in piglets.
Dietary intake and development of a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire for the Barbados National Cancer Study; objective: To develop a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (QFFQ) for the Barbados National Cancer Study (BNCS) that will permit examination of associations of diet with breast and prostate cancer.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> GG improves insulin sensitivity and offspring survival via modulation of gut microbiota and serum metabolite in a sow model; Background Sows commonly experience insulin resistance in late gestation and lactation, causing lower feed intake and milk production, which can lead to higher mortality rates in newborn piglets. The probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) is known to improve insulin resistance. However, whether supplementing LGG can improve insulin sensitivity in sows and enhance lactation performance, particularly the early survival of offspring remains unclear. Hence, we explored the effects and mechanisms of supplementing LGG during late gestation and lactation on sow insulin sensitivity, lactation performance, and offspring survival. In total, 20 sows were randomly allocated to an LGG (n = 10) and control group (n = 10). Results In sows, LGG supplementation significantly improved insulin sensitivity during late gestation and lactation, increased feed intake, milk production and colostrum lactose levels in early lactation, and enhanced newborn piglet survival. Moreover, LGG treatment significantly reshaped the gut microbiota in sows, notably increasing microbiota diversity and enriching the relative abundance of insulin sensitivity-associated probiotics such as Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Bacteroides. Serum metabolite and amino acid profiling in late-gestation sows also revealed decreased branched-chain amino acid and kynurenine serum levels following LGG supplementation. Further analyses highlighted a correlation between mitigated insulin resistance in late pregnancy and lactation by LGG and gut microbiota reshaping and changes in serum amino acid metabolism. Furthermore, maternal LGG enhanced immunity in newborn piglets, reduced inflammation, and facilitated the establishment of a gut microbiota. Conclusions We provide the first evidence that LGG mitigates insulin resistance in sows and enhances offspring survival by modulating the gut microbiota and amino acid metabolism.
Reducing hypertensive cardiovascular disease risk of African Americans with diet: Focus on the facts; Hypertension is more common and more severe in African Americans than in other population groups in the United States, placing them at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and end-stage renal disease. Whereas past efforts to reduce blood pressure (BP) via the diet centered on manipulating isolated nutrients, there are now conclusive data demonstrating that it is not single dietary components but the overall dietary pattern that has the greatest influence on BP. A nutritionally complete diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy foods has been clearly proven to significantly lower BP in all population groups. This diet, commonly referred to as the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, has been tested in randomized, controlled trials emphasizing African American populations and documented the greatest beneficial effects in hypertensive African Americans. Improving diet quality has been shown to be simply implemented without adverse effects such as symptoms of lactose maldigestion. It is also known to beneficially affect other cardiovascular risk factors and is in keeping with dietary recommendations for prevention of some cancers and osteoporosis. This paper reviews the current data relating dietary patterns to BP control, and advocates dietary recommendations that can accomplish their intended objective of enhancing the health of Americans by promoting safe, feasible, and proven-effective means of doing so. In the case of hypertension prevention and treatment, and thus the reduction of cardiovascular disease risk, overall diet quality should be the primary focus of nutritional recommendations.
Heat stress abatement during the dry period influences prolactin signaling in lymphocytes; Heat stress perturbs prolactin (PRL) release and affects dairy cow lactational performance and immune cell function. We hypothesized that greater PRL concentration in plasma of heat-stressed cows relative to cooled cows would decrease expression of prolactin receptor (PRL-R) mRNA and increase mRNA expression of suppressors of cytokine signaling (SOCS) in lymphocytes, altering their cytokine production. To test this hypothesis, multiparous Holstein cows were dried off 46 d before their expected calving date and assigned randomly to heat stress (HT; n = 9) or cooling (CL; n = 7) during the entire dry period. A second study was conducted the following year with an additional 21 cows (12 HT; 9 CL). Lymphocytes were isolated from cows at -46, -20, +2, and +20 d relative to expected calving date and mRNA expression of PRL-R, SOCS-1, SOCS-2, SOCS-3, cytokine-inducible SH2-containing protein (CIS), and heat shock protein 70 KDa AS (HSPAS), and housekeeping genes hydroxymethylbilane synthase (HMBS), ATP synthase, H+ transporting mitochondrial F1 complex, beta subunit (ATP5B), and ribosomal protein S9 (RPS9) was analyzed by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Cows exposed to HT had greater PRL concentration in plasma compared with CL cows. Measurement of lymphocyte proliferation indicated that lymphocytes of CL cows proliferated more than those from HT cows and exressed more PRL-R mRNA and less SOCS-1 and SOCS-3 mRNA relative to HT cows. Further, lymphocytes from CL cows produced more tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha) than those from HT cows. These results suggest that changes in PRL-signaling pathway genes during heat stress are associated with differential cytokine secretion by lymphocytes and may regulate lymphocyte proliferation in dairy cows. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Sheep and goat production objectives in pastoral and agro-pastoral production systems in Chifra district of Afar, Ethiopia; The study was conducted in Chifra district in Awsi-Resu zone of Afar Regional State to explore production objectives and strategies of sheep and goats in pastoral and agro-pastoral production systems. Cross-sectional survey with systematic random selection of 180 households (90 households from each production system was conducted. Descriptive statistics, t test, chi-square test, analysis of variance, and ranking method were employed in analyzing data using JMP-5 software. In pastoral production system, sheep and goat were primarily reared for household milk consumption, followed by live animal savings and income, while in agro-pastoral production system, sheep and goat are primarily reared for income, followed by household milk consumption and manure supply, as live animal savings. Overall mortality rates of sheep and goats (4 to > 12 months of age) were 9 and 9.5 % in pastoral production systems while 7 and 6 % in agro-pastoral production system. Average age at first mating, kidding interval, days of mating after birth, weaning age, lactation length, litter size, slaughtering age, and marketable age of sheep and goats in pastoral production system were 7.4 months, 358 days, 29 days, 4.2 months, 3.1 months, 1.5 lambs, 7.4 months, and 14 months, respectively, while in agro-pastoral production system, they are 6.9 months, 353.3 days, 28 days, 3.2 months, 1.6 lambs, 6.4 months, and 14.5 months, respectively. It was concluded that production system-based development interventions could help to increase the productivity of sheep and goats and thereby enhance the livelihood of smallholders.
Hybrid rye may replace up to 75% of the corn in diets for gestating and lactating sows without negatively impacting sow and piglet performance; An experiment was conducted to test the hypothesis that hybrid rye can replace a part of the corn in gestation and lactation diets without negatively affecting sow and litter performance. For each phase, a corn-soybean meal diet and three diets in which hybrid rye replaced 25%, 50%, or 75% of corn were formulated. Two hundred sows were randomly allotted by parity to the four treatments. Results indicated that diet did not affect body weight or average daily gain (ADG) of sows or number of pigs born. The number of pigs weaned, litter weaning weight, and litter ADG increased and then decreased (quadratic, P < 0.05) as hybrid rye in diets increased. Pig mortality and number of crushed pigs tended (quadratic, P < 0.10) to be reduced as hybrid rye was added to the diet. Serum cytokines did not differ among treatments on day 105 of gestation or in pigs on the day of weaning, but interleukin (IL)-4, IL-10, and IL-18 on day 13 of lactation increased and then decreased (quadratic, P < 0.05) as hybrid rye inclusion increased in diets. Milk urea N increased (linear, P < 0.05) as hybrid rye was included in the diet, but no other differences in milk composition were observed. Overall, replacing 25% or 50% of corn with hybrid rye resulted in improved lactation performance, and replacing 75% of corn with hybrid rye resulted in sow and litter performance that was not different from that of sows fed control diets.
Efficacy, tolerability, and endometrial safety of ospemifene compared with current therapies for the treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy: a systematic literature review and network meta-analysis; ImportanceOspemifene is a novel selective estrogen receptor modulator developed for the treatment of moderate to severe postmenopausal vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA).ObjectiveThe aim of the study is to perform a systematic literature review (SLR) and network meta-analysis (NMA) to assess the efficacy and safety of ospemifene compared with other therapies used in the treatment of VVA in North America and Europe.Evidence ReviewElectronic database searches were conducted in November 2021 in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Randomized or nonrandomized controlled trials targeting postmenopausal women with moderate to severe dyspareunia and/or vaginal dryness and involving ospemifene or at least one VVA local treatment were considered. Efficacy data included changes from baseline in superficial and parabasal cells, vaginal pH, and the most bothersome symptom of vaginal dryness or dyspareunia, as required for regulatory approval. Endometrial outcomes were endometrial thickness and histologic classifications, including endometrial polyp, hyperplasia, and cancer. For efficacy and safety outcomes, a Bayesian NMA was performed. Endometrial outcomes were compared in descriptive analyses.FindingsA total of 44 controlled trials met the eligibility criteria (N = 12,637 participants). Network meta-analysis results showed that ospemifene was not statistically different from other active therapies in most efficacy and safety results. For all treatments, including ospemifene, the posttreatment endometrial thickness values (up to 52 wk of treatment) were under the recognized clinical threshold value of 4 mm for significant risk of endometrial pathology. Specifically, for women treated with ospemifene, endometrial thickness ranged between 2.1 and 2.3 mm at baseline and 2.5 and 3.2 mm after treatment. No cases of endometrial carcinoma or hyperplasia were observed in ospemifene trials, nor polyps with atypical hyperplasia or cancer after up to 52 weeks of treatment.Conclusions and RelevanceOspemifene is an efficacious, well-tolerated, and safe therapeutic option for postmenopausal women with moderate to severe symptoms of VVA. Efficacy and safety outcomes with ospemifene are similar to other VVA therapies in North America and Europe.
Leachate From Expanded Polystyrene Cups Is Toxic to Aquatic Invertebrates (<i>Ceriodaphnia dubia</i>); Expanded polystyrene (EPS) products and their associated chemicals (e.g., styrenes) are widespread in the marine environment. As a consequence, bans on their use for single-use packaging materials are being proposed in several municipalities. To better understand how science can inform decision-making, we looked at the available scientific literature about contamination and effects and conducted experiments to measure chemical leachate from polystyrene products and toxicity from the leachate. We conducted leaching experiments with common food matrices (water, soup broth, gravy, black coffee and coffee with cream and sugar) at relevant temperatures (70 and 95 degrees C) that are consumed in or with several polystyrene products (coffee cup lids, polystyrene stir sticks, polystyrene spoons, EPS cups, EPS bowls, and EPS takeout containers). We analyzed each sample for styrene, ethylbenzene, toluene, benzene, meta- and para- xylene, isopropylbenzene, and isopropyltoluene-chemicals associated with polystyrene products. To determine whether the leachates are toxic, we conducted chronic toxicity tests, measuring survival and reproductive output in Ceriodaphnia dubia. Toxicity tests included nine treatments: seven concentrations of ethylbenzene, EPS cup leachate and a negative control. Overall, we found that temperature has a significant effect on leaching. We only detected leachates in trials conducted at higher temperature -95 degrees C. Ethylbenzene was the only target analyte with final concentrations above the method limit of detection, and was present in the greatest concentrations in EPS and with soup broth. Measurable concentrations of ethylbenzene in the leachate ranged from 1.3 to 3.4 mu g/L. In toxicity tests, the calculated LC50 for ethylbenzene was 14 mg/L and the calculated LC20 was 210 mu g/L. For the treatment exposed to the EPS cup leachate, mortality was 40%-four times greater than the negative control. Finally, there was no significant difference (p = 0.17) between reproductive output for any treatment with ethylbenzene, but there was a significant reduction (p = 0.01) in reproductive output for the treatment exposed to the EPS leachate compared to the negative control. Thus, although the target analyte ethylbenzene was not toxic at concentrations detected in the leachate, significant adverse effects were detected in the whole EPS cup leachate sample.
A new health promoting function of lactoferrin Visceral fat reduction by enteric-coated bovine lactoferrin; Lactoferrin (LF) is an iron-binding glycoprotein found in mammalian breast milk. Its function was initially thought to be immunostimulation or protection from infection because it is present in high concentration in breast milk. The aim of this review is to discuss about a role for LF in regulating lipid metabolism, especially visceral fat reduction. In recent years, several in vivo or human epidemiological studies have demonstrated that LF may modulate lipid metabolism. However, few intervention studies were reported to indicate the positive effect of LF on lipid metabolism. As a matter of course, LF is a protein and is easily degraded by pepsin in the stomach. So we hypothesized that pepsin degraded LF diminish the modulation activity of lipid metabolism. Then we adopted enteric coated LF tablet (eLF) and proved to reduce visceral fat accumulation by RCT. As an action mechanism of eLF, we speculate that LF reach the mesenteric fat, inhibit the lipid synthesis and promote the lipolysis of adipocytes and thereby reduce visceral fat accumulation.
Effects of ovarian hormone therapy on skeletal and extraskeletal tissues in women; Objective: To present recent evidence on the use of ovarian hormone therapy (OHT) for osteoporosis and outline safe and effective regimens. Options: Estrogen alone, estrogen and progestins, progestins alone; various treatment regimens. Outcomes: Fracture and loss of bone mineral density in osteoporosis; increased bone mass, prevention of fractures and improved quality of life associated with OHT. Evidence: Relevant clinical studies and reports, including the Nurses' Health Study and the Postmenopausal Estrogen/Progestin Interventions (PEPI) Trial, were studied with emphasis on recent prospective, randomized, controlled trials. Current clinical practice was determined by sun ey. Values: Reducing fractures, increasing bone mineral density and minimizing side effects of treatment were given a high value. Benefits, harms and costs: Proper management of osteoporosis minimizes injury and disability, improves quality of life and reduces the personal and social costs associated with the condition. OHT is the front-line pharmaceutical therapy for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in post-menopausal women. In those who are able and willing to comply with therapy, OHT prevents bone loss and fractures. Hormone therapy may also decrease risk of coronary artery disease. Cyclic progestin protects against endometrial cancer in patients receiving estrogen. Potential harms include breast cancer and endometrial cancer related to dosage and duration of therapy. Mastalgia and especially resumption of menstrual bleeding affect compliance.
The effect of calcium and vitamin D supplementation on obesity in postmenopausal women: secondary analysis for a large-scale, placebo controlled, double-blind, 4-year longitudinal clinical trial; Background: It is undetermined whether calcium supplementation has an effect on obesity or body composition in postmenopausal women. The purpose of the study is to detect the effect of calcium supplementation on indices of obesity and body composition.
Higher Yogurt Consumption Is Associated With Lower Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Background: Yogurt is known to be nutrient-rich and probiotic content, which gather optimism due to their potential role in preventing and managing cancers. The effect of yogurt consumption on colorectal cancer (CRC) is inconsistent.Objective: This study aims to investigate the association of yogurt consumption with the risk of CRC.Methods: Three databases, namely, PubMed, Web of Science, and Embase, were searched for all relevant studies from July 2021 on the association of yogurt consumption with CRC risk. We pooled the odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% CIs using a random-effects meta-analysis to assess the association.Results: Finally, 16 studies met the inclusion criteria and were chosen in the meta-analysis. Yogurt consumption was significant with lower risk of CRC risk in the overall comparison (OR = 0.87, 95% CI: 0.81-0.94), in the cohort studies (OR = 0.91, 95% CI: 0.86-0.97), and case-control studies (OR = 0.75, 95% CI: 0.65-0.85). With regard to subgroup analyses by study region, cancer type, publication year, and sex, yogurt consumption significantly decreased overall CRC, colon cancer, and distal colon cancer risks. In stratified analyses, we observed significantly decreased CRC risk in Europe and Africa and published after 2010 and overall population. Sensitivity analysis indicated the result is stable and there is no publication bias in the meta-analysis.Conclusions: Overall, this study indicated that yogurt intake was related to a decreased risk of CRC.
Field study on an intranasal vaccination protocol in veal calves farms; The field trial involved 2,136 animals reared in a veal calves operation located in the Po Valley. Calves were randomly allocated in two groups (A and B). Group A (1,087 calves) was immunized with a live-combo vaccine to BRS and PI-3 viruses (Rispoval RS+PI3 IntraNasal - Zoetis) administered intranasally 10 days post-arrival, in single dose. Group B (1,049 calves) was kept as control, unvaccinated. The animals were followed during the whole fattening period to detect morbidity and mortality rates, the main performances and the quantity of antibiotics for the treatment of infectious diseases, mainly respiratory ones. At the end of the fattening period among the groups A and B, two subgroups (A1 and B1), each of 50 calves were constituted. These animals were followed at the slaughterhouse at detecting and scoring lung lesions (mean lung lesions score). The statistical analysis showed a significant reduction of the mean lung lesion score in vaccinated animals (subgroup A1) in comparison to the controls, kept unvaccinated (subgroup B1). The mean mortality rates were 5.89% in group A vs 6.50% in group B and the morbidity rates were 4,62 in group A vs 6.16 in group B. The mean values regarding the performances detected in group A vs group B were not statistically significant. Regarding the antibiotic use, the vaccinated group showed a reduction of 9% of daily antibiotic treatments in comparison to the control one. This field trial showed that the efficacy of vaccination to control respiratory diseases and to reduce antibiotic use during the growing period in veal calves operation. By and large the adoption of a vaccination protocol to control respiratory diseases by using an early mucosal immunization should be considered a pivotal tool to improve animal health and reduction of antibiotic use in white veal calves operations. However, further studies are necessary to improve vaccination protocols specifically devoted to control respiratory diseases in this kind of bovine meat industry.
Associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis of Mendelian randomization studies; ObjectiveTo summarize the associations between potential causal factors and colorectal cancer (CRC) risk based on existing Mendelian randomization studies. MethodsThis systematic review and meta-analysis involved a literature search in Embase and Medline. All published articles using Mendelian randomization to explore potential causal factors of CRC were included. Studies that reported Mendelian randomization estimates of standard deviation changes in exposures were included in the meta-analysis. Subgroup analyses based on sex and anatomical sites were performed. ResultsOne hundred and ninety studies presented in 51 articles were included in systematic review, and 114 studies conducted in 32 articles were included in the meta-analysis. Adult body mass index, waist circumference, waist hip ratio, body height, body fat percentage, arm fat ratio, childhood obesity, lifetime cigarette consumption, short sleep, coffee consumption, and blood levels of vitamin B-12, arachidonic acid, stearic acid, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 were positively associated with CRC risk. Conversely, acceleration-vector-magnitude physical activity, milk consumption, and blood levels of adiponectin, linoleic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, oleic acid, palmitoleic acid, interleukin-6 receptor subunit-alpha, and tumor necrosis factor were inversely associated with CRC risk. ConclusionsMost obesity-related anthropometric characteristics, several unhealthy lifestyles, and blood levels of some micronutrients, fatty acids, and diabetes-related biomarkers were positively associated with CRC risk. In contrast, some lifestyles and blood levels of some fatty acids and inflammatory biomarkers were inversely associated with CRC risk. Future studies with more valid genetic variants are needed for factors with discrepancies between Mendelian randomization and epidemiological studies.
Are We Nuts Over Coconuts? Studying the Effects of Coconut Oil on Low-Density Lipoprotein and Cardiovascular Diseases: A Systematic Review; Coconut oil has been gaining popularity recently, especially with health enthusiasts claiming it to be the best fat for consumption. What is the ideal cooking fat? The answer that we are all looking for is just not solely based on one health consequence but several. Our study focuses on the cardiovascular aspects of using coconut oil by its influence on low-density lipoprotein (LDL). Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are the major cause of death and mortality worldwide. Hence, they are the focus of this study. For centuries, coconut oil has been used by several populations worldwide who consume it as part of their staple diets. However, they have also been consuming the flesh/meat of coconuts and decreased processed foods. One such population is the pacific islanders, who had increased LDL and decreased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) when they moved out of their natural habitat and accepted a more westernized diet. Even though coconut oil has a stronghold on the LDL aspect of the lipid parameters, which is our study's focus, it also increases HDL, whose effects on cardiovascular health are still controversial although it is called "good cholesterol."
Association between subcutaneous steroid injection for extravasation of vesicant anticancer drugs and skin ulcers requiring surgery; Purpose: Although subcutaneous steroid injections are conventionally used to treat extravasation of vesicant anticancer drugs, their effects on the extravasation site remain unclear. We investigated the association between subcutaneous steroid injection in patients with extravasation of vesicant anticancer drugs and incidence of skin ulcers requiring surgery.
DIETARY HABITS, INTERNAL MIGRATION AND SOCIAL-CLASS IN A SAMPLE OF A NORTHERN ITALIAN POPULATION; The study of migrants has generated interesting hypotheses on the etiology of different types of cancer.  In particular, it has been suggested that both colon and breast cancer could be related to living conditions, including diet, in the country of immigration. Considerable internal migration occurred in Italy in the sixties. We studied a random sample of 1,400 subjects living in the city of Torino and the province of Varese. They were interviewed with a detailed questionnaire about their dietary habits, and the consumption of several nutrients was considered according to the area of birth and social class. The hypothesis we tested was whether, after controlling for social class, there were different dietary habits among the migrants and the native population, and whether such differences could help in the formulation of etiologic hypotheses on cancer. We found that the intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol was lower among the migrants from the south, whereas they consumed higher levels of vegetables than people born in the north. The different intake of saturated fatty acids and cholesterol seemed to be attributable mainly to the consumption of butter, for which the south/north ratio was as low as 0.47 in men and 0.56 in women. Important gradients by social class were also suggested for several nutrients.
Supplementation of L-Alanyl-L-Glutamine and Fish Oil Improves Body Composition and Quality of Life in Patients With Chronic Heart Failure; Background-Skeletal muscle dysfunction and exercise intolerance are clinical hallmarks of patients with heart failure. These have been linked to a progressive catabolic state, skeletal muscle inflammation, and impaired oxidative metabolism. Previous studies suggest beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and glutamine on exercise performance and muscle protein balance.
Peptidase inhibitor 3 and chemokine ligand 27 may serve as biomarkers for actinic keratoses in organ transplant recipients; Background Molecular profiling of tissue samples in organ transplant recipients (OTRs) may allow early and minimally invasive identification of actinic keratosis (AK). Objectives The aim of this study was to compare mRNA expression profiles of 13 genes, as putative genetic biomarkers of AK, before and after treatment using two different field therapies, and to correlate the results with histological and clinical parameters. Materials and Methods For this single-centre prospective randomized intra-patient-controlled study, 10 OTRs with AKs were recruited for field therapy with two cycles of methyl-5-aminolevulinate 16% cream-photodynamic therapy (PDT) at one site and imiquimod 5% cream for four weeks at another site. Results AKs in the PDT area were reduced significantly at one, two, and six months after completion of the treatment (p<0.001). The effect of imiquimod was weaker but still significant when evaluated during the same intervals (p<0.001). By comparing the mRNA expression profiles of various genetic markers before, during, and three months after therapy, we observed specific patterns of expression for skin-derived peptidase inhibitor 3 (PI3) and chemokine ligand 27 (CCL27) in all groups, regardless of the treatment modality. Compared to healthy skin, the expression of PI3 was strongly decreased and that of CCL27 increased inAKlesions before therapy. The expression level of both genes showed a significant convergence to values observed in healthy skin in both groups after therapy. Conclusion The pattern and level of specific gene expression in actinic keratoses could serve as a biomarker.
Polyphenols in Almond Skins after Blanching Modulate Plasma Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Healthy Humans; Almond skins are a waste byproduct of blanched almond production. Polyphenols extracted from almond skins possess antioxidant activities in vitro and in vivo. Thus, we examined the pharmacokinetic profile of almond skin polyphenols (ASP) and their effect on measures of oxidative stress. In a randomized crossover trial, seven adults consumed two acute ASP doses (225 mg (low, L) or 450 mg (high, H) total phenols) in skim milk or milk alone. Plasma flavonoids, glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione (GSH), oxidized GSH (GSSG), and resistance of low- density lipoprotein (LDL) to oxidation were measured over 10 h. The H dose increased catechin and naringenin in plasma, with maximum concentrations of 44.3 and 19.3 ng/mL, respectively. The GSH/GSSG ratio at 3 h after the H doses was 212% of the baseline value, as compared to 82% after milk (p = 0.003). Both ASP doses upregulated GPx activity by 26-35% from the baseline at 15, 30, 45, and 120 min after consumption. The in vitro addition of -tocopherol extended the lag time of LDL oxidation at 3 h after L and H consumption by 144.7% and 165.2% of that at 0 h compared to no change after milk (p 0.05). In conclusion, ASP are bioavailable and modulate GSH status, GPx activity, and the resistance of LDL to oxidation.
Systematic Review of Breastfeeding and Herbs; Objectives: Despite popular and historical use, there has been little modern research conducted to determine the safety and efficacy of herb use during breastfeeding. The purpose of this study was to systematically review the clinical literature on herbal medicine and lactation.
Diet during adolescence and risk of breast cancer among young women; Background: A variety of breast cancer risk factors pertain to a woman's adolescence and may be related to nutritional influences, We assessed risk of early-onset breast cancer related to diet during adolescence in a case-control study, Methods: Study participants were accrued from the following three geographical regions covered by cancer registries: Atlanta, GA; Seattle/Puget Sound, WA; and central New Jersey, Case patients (n = 1647) were newly diagnosed with breast cancer, and control subjects (n = 1501) were identified by random-digit-dialing techniques. In an interview, each subject was asked to recall the frequency of consumption and portion size of 29 key food items at ages 12-13 years, Mothers of a subset of respondents completed questionnaires, and food groups were recalculated after removal of foods with poor agreement between mother and daughter, Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals, Results: When high versus low quartiles of consumption were compared, there was a suggestion of a reduced risk associated with high consumption of fruits and vegetables, although this finding was not statistically significant, Slight increases (of borderline statistical significance) in risk of breast cancer were found for intake of chicken or high-fat meat, Intake of animal fat, high-fat foods, high-fat snacks and desserts, or dairy products during adolescence had no apparent influence on breast cancer risk, Removal of foods suspected to be poorly recalled by the daughters did not change any of the risk estimates, Conclusion: These data do not provide evidence for a strong influence of dietary intakes during adolescence on risk of early-onset breast cancer.
Postbiotic Administration Ameliorates Colitis and Inflammation in Rats Possibly through Gut Microbiota Modulation; Postbiotics are preparations of inanimate microorganisms and/or their components that are beneficial to host health. Compared with probiotics, the postbiotic dose required for exerting obvious protective effects is unknown. Thus, we conducted a dose-dependent postbiotic intervention study in dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced colitis rats. The trial included five rat groups, including: control without DSS/postbiotic treatment, group C; 7-day DSS treatment, group D; 14-day low, medium, and high probiotic doses (0.1, 0.2, 0.4 g/kg; groups L, M, H, respectively) after DSS induction. We found that postbiotic intervention effectively mitigated the symptoms and inflammation in colitis rats, evidenced by the improved spleen index, less severe colon tissue damage, and changes in serum cytokine levels (decreases in tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta; increase in interleukin-10) in postbiotic groups compared with group D. Moreover, the therapeutic effect was dose-dependent. Fecal metabolomics analysis revealed that the postbiotic recipients had more anti-inflammatory metabolites, namely, salicyloyl phytophingosine, podophylloxin, securinine, baicalein, and diosmetin. Fecal metagenomics analysis revealed that the postbiotic recipients had more beneficial microbes and less pro-inflammatory bacteria. This study confirmed that postbiotics are effective in alleviating colitis in a dose-dependent manner. Our findings are of interest to food scientists, clinicians, and the health food industry.
Productivity measures in small-holder livestock production systems and social development in southern Africa; Animal husbandry is an essential economic activity in most African farming systems. A significant proportion. approximately 70% of ruminant livestock species (cattle, sheep and goats) in southern Africa, is kept under small-holder farming conditions, based on communal grazing systems. The objective of this paper is two-fold: i) to report on the productivity and dynamics of cattle herds of small-holder owners under communal tenure in the northern part of South Africa; ii) to review the notion of "social status" when simultaneously addressing small-holder and commercial farmers' perceptions. The survey area comprised a rural village where 50 small-scale cattle owners were randomly selected. Interviews, questionnaires and the studying of veterinary services inspection records for the village were used to obtain a situation analysis of the productivity of these cattle herds. The survey conducted showed that 52% of the respondents own less than eight head of cattle. Cows constituted 51% of the herd composition, bulls 17.9%, heifers 19.5%, calves 7.7% and oxen 3.4%. Although there is a high bull and cow ratio, no correlation (r=0.082) between the number of bulls and calving percentage could be obtained. Herd management, particularly milking strategies may play a role in contributing towards the low reproduction rate. Herd mortality in this study is extremely high (45.1%). This high mortality rate could have been aggravated by the severe drought experienced during the year of the study in this area. Mortality rates were highest in cows which had calves (44%). There was a significant difference (p<0.01) in mortality rate between cows with calves and dry cows, oxen and bulls. The word "production" is relative, especially so when comparing two systems which from the outset have different objectives, as is obviously the case between and small-holder communal farmers, where livestock ownership is associated with social status, and commercial livestock farmers in southern Africa.
ACTIVATION OF INT-1 AND INT-2 LOCI IN GRF MAMMARY-TUMORS; The Mtv-2 locus is known to be associated with a high mammary tumor incidence (97%) and early development of mammary tumors (3-13 months) in GR mice. However, it was not previously known whether the provirus which resides at the Mtv-2 locus is tumorigenic in and of itself or whether reintegration of proviruses generated from Mtv-2 is required for tumorigenesis. Foster-nursing GR mice on C57/BL mice eliminates the milk-borne source of GR virus, and allows the study of Mtv-2 derived proviruses  alone. Using this approach, we have tested predictions which follow from the "positional" versus "reintegrational" models of tumorigenesis. Specifically, we have examined tumors from primary foster-nursed (GRf) mice to determine if MMTV proviruses derived from Mtv-2 were scattered randomly throughout the genome or were clustered in the vicinity of the int-1 and int-2 loci, which are thought to be associated with mammary tumorigenesis. It was found that the majority of spontaneous GRf mammary  tumors that were tested have MMTV proviral integrations in either or both of the int-1 and int-2 loci and have transcription of either or both of the int loci. Tumors induced by Mtv-2, therefore, appear to have arisen via a mechanism similar to the activation of the int loci by exogenous (milk-borne) MMTV proviruses.
Effect of fecal microbiota transplantation on primary hypertension and the underlying mechanism of gut microbiome restoration: protocol of a randomized, blinded, placebo-controlled study; Background: Hypertension is currently the leading modifiable cause of global morbidity and mortality, leading to substantial health and financial burdens. Although multiple studies of management models and innovative therapeutic strategies for hypertension have been conducted, there are still gaps in the field, with a poor control rate reflecting a lack of novel, effective, clinically translated medication or intervention options. Recent animal and human studies repeatedly confirmed a link between the microbiota and hypertension. Of note is our previous study establishing a cause-and-effect relationship between the gut microbiota and blood pressure elevation. A hypothesis of gut microbiota intervention for treating hypertension is thus postulated, and fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) from healthy donors was performed.
Do pay-for-performance incentives lead to a better health outcome?; Pay-for-performance approaches have been widely adopted in order to drive improvements in the quality of healthcare provision. Previous studies evaluating the impact of these programs are limited by either the number of health outcomes or of medical conditions considered. In this paper, we evaluate the effectiveness of a pay-for-performance program on the basis of five health outcomes and across a wide range of medical conditions. The context of the study is Lombardy region in Italy, where a rewarding program was introduced in 2012. The policy evaluation is based on a difference-in-differences approach. The model includes multiple dependent outcomes, which allow quantifying the joint effect of the program, and random effects, which account for the heterogeneity of the data at the ward and hospital level. Our results show that the policy had a positive effect on the hospitals' performance in terms of those outcomes that can be more influenced by a managerial activity, namely the number of readmissions, transfers and returns to surgery room. No significant changes which can be related to the pay-for-performance introduction are observed for the number of voluntary discharges and for mortality. Moreover, our study shows evidence that the medical wards have reacted more strongly to the pay-for-performance program than the surgical ones, whereas only limited evidence is found in support of a different policy reaction across different types of hospital ownership. Finally, the evaluation found no evidence of a distortion of the hospital behavior aimed at inflating the performance evaluation, such as cream skimming behavior.
Calcium intake and vitamin D metabolism and action, in healthy conditions and in prostate cancer; An association between Ca intake and the risk of prostate cancer has been reported in some but not all epidemiological studies. Assuming that a pathophysiological relationship would underlie this association, a favoured hypothesis proposes that relatively high Ca consumption could promote prostate cancer by reducing the production of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)(2)D; calcitriol), the hormonal form of vitamin D. The present review analyses the plausibility of this hypothesis by considering the quantitative relationships linking Ca intake to 1,25(OH)(2)D production and action in healthy conditions and in prostate cancer. Changes in the plasma level of 1,25(OH)(2)D in response to Ca intake are of very small magnitude as compared with the variations required to influence the proliferation and differentiation of prostate cancer cells. In most studies, 1,25(OH)(2)D plasma level was not found to be reduced in patients with prostate cancer. The possibility that the level of 1,25(OH)(2)D in prostate cells is decreased with a high-Ca diet has not been documented. Furthermore, a recent randomised placebo-controlled trial did not indicate that Ca supplementation increases the relative risk of prostate cancer in men. In conclusion, the existence of a pathophysiological link between relatively high Ca intake and consequent low production and circulation level of 1,25(OH)(2)D that might promote the development of prostate cancer in men remains so far an hypothesis, the plausibility of which is not supported by the analysis of available clinical data.
Lactoferrin for prevention of neonatal infections; Purpose of review
Cholesterol lowering with bile salt hydrolase-active probiotic bacteria, mechanism of action, clinical evidence, and future direction for heart health applications; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality and morbidity. Current CVD treatment methods include dietary intervention, statins, fibrates, niacin, cholesterol absorption inhibitors, and bile acid sequestrants. These formulations have limitations and, thus, additional treatment modalities are needed. Probiotic bacteria, especially bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-active probiotic bacteria, have demonstrated cholesterol-lowering efficacy in randomized controlled trials.
Investigating the Effects and Mechanisms of Combined Vitamin D and K Supplementation in Postmenopausal Women: An Up-to-Date Comprehensive Review of Clinical Studies; Aging is a complex process and a significant risk factor for chronic diseases. Menopause, a component of aging in women, is associated with several important cardiometabolic conditions including metabolic syndrome, osteoporosis, and cardiovascular diseases. Menopausal women could benefit from preventative strategies that may decrease morbidity and mortality and improve their quality of life. Vitamins D and K are essential nutrients required for bone health, immune function, and reducing cardiovascular risks, yet their synergistic effect is less understood in aging women. This is the first comprehensive review to summarize the evidence found in randomized clinical trials of the beneficial effects of vitamin D and K co-treatment in postmenopausal women. In our literature search across key electronic databases such as Cochrane, PubMed, and Ovid, we identified 31 pertinent studies. Overall, significant findings indicate that the combined intake of vitamins D and K may positively affect cardiovascular and bone health in postmenopausal women, emphasizing the importance of maintaining a healthy diet rich in vegetables and fermented dairy products. Given the challenges in obtaining all necessary nutrients solely through the diet, vitamin D and K supplements are recommended for postmenopausal women to promote healthy aging and well-being.
Preclinical and clinical relevance of probiotics and synbiotics in colorectal carcinogenesis: a systematic review; Context: Recent evidence suggests that modulation of the gut microbiota may help prevent colorectal cancer. Objective: The aim of this systematic review was to investigate the role of probiotics and synbiotics in the prevention of colorectal cancer and to clarify potential mechanisms involved. Data Sources: The PubMed, ScienceDirect, and LILACS databases were searched for studies conducted in humans or animal models and published up to August 15, 2018. Study Selection: Clinical trials and placebo-controlled experimental studies that evaluated the effects of probiotics and synbiotics in colorectal cancer and cancer associated with inflammatory bowel disease were included. Of 247 articles identified, 31 remained after exclusion criteria were applied. A search of reference lists identified 5 additional studies, for a total of 36 included studies. Data Extraction: Two authors independently assessed risk of bias of included studies and extracted data. Data were pooled by type of study, ie, preclinical or clinical. Results: The results showed positive effects of probiotics and synbiotics in preventing colorectal cancer. The main mechanisms identified were alterations in the composition and metabolic activity of the intestinal microbiota; reduction of inflammation; induction of apoptosis and inhibition of tumor growth; modulation of immune responses and cell proliferation; enhanced function of the intestinal barrier; production of compounds with anticarcinogenic activity; and modulation of oxidative stress. Conclusions: Probiotics or synbiotics may help prevent colorectal cancer, but additional studies in humans are required to better inform clinical practice.
Efficacy of PGF<sub>2α</sub> on Pre-ovulatory Follicle and Corpus Luteum Blood Flow; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of cloprostenol administration on the blood flow of pre-ovulatory follicle (PF) and corpus luteum (CL), progesterone secretion and pregnancy outcome in buffaloes subjected to AI. The trial was performed on 75 Italian buffaloes at 182 0.4 +/- 8 days in milk. Synchronized animals were randomly divided into two groups on the day of oestrus: Group T (n = 37) received a 0.524 mg intramuscular injection of cloprostenol and Group C (n = 38) received saline. Ultrasound examinations of the ovaries were performed 5 h after AI on the PF and 10 and 20 days after AI on the CL. Resistive (RI) and pulsatily index (PI) were calculated by colour-Doppler mode in each examination. Blood samples were collected on days 10, 20 and 25 after AI for progesterone assay and 25 days after AI, ultrasonography was performed to assess pregnancy, which was confirmed on day 45. Subjects pregnant on day 25 but not on day 45 were considered to have undergone late embryonic mortality (LEM). Statistical analysis was performed by anova. No differences were found in PF dimensions, CL size and blood flow on day 10 and 20 after AI between treated and control groups. Pre-ovulatory follicle area was higher in buffaloes that resulted pregnant on day 25 after AI compared to those that were non-pregnant (2.13 vs 1.66 cm in pregnant and non-pregnant buffaloes, respectively), while non-pregnant buffaloes showed higher values of RI (0.49 vs 0.30; p < 0.05) and PI (1.0 vs 0.37; p = 0.07) compared to pregnant subjects. Treatment by cloprostenol did not influence pregnancy rate both on day 25 (31/75; 41.3%) and 45 (27/75; 36.0%), progesterone levels and incidence of LEM (4/31; 12.9%). In conclusion, cloprostenol administration at the time of AI does not seem to affect PF and CL blood flow.
Changing Diet Habits in Patients with Cancer Recurrence; Introduction: Up to 30% of cancer cases are linked to food. As part of their self-care practice, cancer survivors should eat a healthy diet. This study aimed to describe the changes in diet habits made between the first and second cancer diagnosis, as well as to learn more about cancer causes. Materials and Methods: A random sample proportion was used with 195 patients who responded to a survey in 2019 related to the object of study. For data analysis, statistical correspondence factorial analysis, cluster analysis and frequency distribution were carried out. Results: Health was the main reason for changing eating habits, followed by factors associated with cancer treatment. Patients reduced their consumption of fatty meats, fried foods, alcohol, snacks, cold cuts, and dairy products, while increased their fruit and vegetable intake. Discussion: After a second cancer diagnosis, participants reported favorable changes in improving their health based on the recommendations of international organizations. Health status and cancer treatment were conditions that most influenced cancer survivors to change diet habits in the face of a new diagnosis or relapse. Conclusion: Patients with cancer recurrence decide to change their eating habits to have a healthier life. Adequate nutrition should be promoted among the general population and even more in cancer survivors.
Total fluid intake and use of individual beverages and risk of renal cell cancer in two large cohorts; Moderate alcohol consumption has been inversely associated with risk of renal cell cancer in recent prospective studies, and increased total fluid intake has been hypothesized to be a possible mechanism. We prospectively examined the associations between total fluid and beverage intakes and risk of renal cell cancer. Among 88,759 women followed for 20 years in the Nurses' Health Study, and 47,828 men followed for 14 years in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study, we documented 248 incident cases of renal cell cancer. We assessed consumption of beverages every 2 to 4 years using a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire, and total fluid intake was derived from the frequency of consumption of 18 to 22 beverage items. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate study-specific multivariate relative risks (RR), which were pooled using a random-effects model. We found no association between total fluid intake and risk of renal cell cancer; the pooled multivariate RR for the highest quartile versus the lowest was 0.99 (95% confidence interval, 0.63-1.55; P, test for trend = 0.78). Alcohol intake was marginally inversely associated with renal cell cancer risk; compared with nondrinkers, the pooled multivariate RR for >= 15 g/d was 0.66 (95% confidence interval, 0.43-1.00; P, test for trend = 0.07). We did not find clear associations between intakes of coffee, tea, milk, juice, soda, punch, and water and risk of renal cell cancer. Our data suggest an inverse association between alcohol intake and risk of renal cell cancer, but do not support the hypothesis that greater total fluid intake reduces the risk of renal cell cancer.
Consequences and implications of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) on pregnancy and newborns: A comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Pregnant patients are potentially vulnerable to COVID-19. Objectives To clarify the clinical features of COVID-19 and analyze maternal/fetal morbidity and mortality and the obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnant patients. Search strategy Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, CINAHAL, LILACS, Google Scholar, and Scopus. Selection criteria Articles published from December 2019 to February 2021. Data collection and analysis The reviewers extracted relevant data from the full-text. Data synthesis was performed using the R-4.1.0 Project for Statistical Computing for Windows. The meta-analysis of the included studies was carried out using the random-effects model (DerSimonian and Laird). Heterogeneity was measured using I-2 analysis. Results A total of 70 studies included 10 047 pregnant women with COVID-19, of whom 71.6% were in their third trimester. The most common symptoms were fever, cough, chest pain, dyspnea, and fatigue. Most newborns were delivered preterm (24%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.17-0.34, I-2 = 93%) and via cesarean delivery (42%, 95% CI 0.38-0.47, I-2 = 92%). There were 108 maternal mortalities (2%, 95% CI 0.01-0.03, I-2 = 54%) and 50 abortions (5%, 95% CI 0.03-0.09, I-2 = 73%). The neonatal outcomes included fetal distress (11%, 95% CI 0.06-0.19, I-2 = 91%), birth weight (15%, 95% CI 0.10-0.21, I-2 = 76%), APGAR <7 (19%, 95% CI 0.12-0.28, I-2 = 43%), admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (28%, 95% CI 0.17-0.43, I-2 = 90%), and fetal mortality (2%, 95% CI 0.01-0.03, I-2 = 46%). Conclusion There was no evidence of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 in the placenta, breast milk, umbilical cord, and amniotic fluid of pregnant patients. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42020181519.
Systematic review:: are probiotics useful in controlling gastric colonization by <i>Helicobacter pylori?</i>; Helicobacter pylori is a highly prevalent pathogen considered as an aetiological factor for gastroduodenal ulcers, and a risk factor for gastric adenocarcinoma and lymphoma in humans. Most subjects colonized by this micro-organism are asymptomatic and remain untreated. In symptomatic patients, the antibiotic treatment has a high cost and is not 100% effective because of resistance to antibiotics and to moderate patient compliance. This review discusses the role of probiotics as alternative solutions to assist in the control of H. pylori colonization in at-risk populations.
Plum-blossom needling promoted PpIX fluorescence intensity from 5-aminolevulinic acid in porcine skin model and patients with actnic keratosis; Background and objectives: Plum-blossom needling might enhance transdermal penetration of topically applied drugs by creating vertical channels. The purpose of this study was to evaluate drug delivery assisted by plum-blossom needling comparing with CO2 laser ablative fractional resurfacing (AFR) using 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ALA), a porphyrin precursor, as a test drug.
Food Groups and Renal Cell Carcinoma: Results from a Case-Control Study; Background The role of diet in renal cell carcinoma risk has been inconciusive. This study uses an integrative approach to assess the role of food groups and food items in renal cell carcinoma risk.
Effects of <i>Curcuma longa</i> dietary inclusion against <i>Eimeria</i> spp. in naturally-infected lambs; Ovine coccidiosis caused by Eimeria spp. can negatively impact health and overall productive performance in sheep with mortalities up to 20% in lambs. It is characterized by high production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress that can damage intestinal tissue. Currently, only drugs are used for the treatment of ovine coccidiosis. Nevertheless, anticoccidial resistance and the concern of drug residues in edible tissues and milk have prompted the evaluation of alternatives to prevent and control this disease. Based on preliminary findings, the use of Curcuma longa dietary supplementation was evaluated in this trial. Twenty crossbred lambs naturally infected with Eimeria spp., aged 28-days-old with an average weight of 12 kg, were divided in five groups. Three groups were treated orally for 14 days with 50 mg/kg, 100 mg/kg, or 200 mg/kg of C. longa. A placebo-treated group and untreated controls were included in this trial, too. Stool samples were obtained every other day to determine anticoccidial efficacy. Also, animals were weighed on day 0 and 42. To evaluate the immunomodulatory activity of curcumin, a proinflammatory (IFN-gamma) and an immunoregulatory (IL-10) cytokine were measured by ELISA. Lipid peroxidation and nitrite generation were determined by means of the serum malondialdehyde test and the Griess reaction, respectively. C. Tonga anticoccidial activity increased over time in treated groups and reached a 100% efficacy on day 42. Animals treated with 200 mg/kg of this plant gained twice the daily weight recorded for untreated groups. IL-10 levels were higher in supplemented animals, whereas lipid peroxidation and generation of nitrites were significantly lower. Results showed that curcumin administration may reduce oocyst output, weight-loss, inflammation and oxidative stress-related effects caused by Eimeria spp. infection in lambs. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of <i>Streptococcus thermophilus</i> TH-4 on intestinal mucositis induced by the chemotherapeutic agent 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU); Beneficial bacteria (probiotics) and probiotic-derived factors have the potential to ameliorate disorders of the intestine. The aim of this study was to compare live Streptococcus thermophilus TH-4 (TH-4), dead TH-4 and TH-4 supernatant in rats treated with 5-Fluorouracil. Rats were randomly allocated to five treatment groups (n = 8-10): Saline + Water; 5-FU + Skim Milk; 5-FU + Live TH-4; 5-FU + Supernatant TH-4; and 5-FU + Dead TH-4. 5-FU (150 mg.kg(-1)) was administered by a single intraperitoneal injection on day zero; animals were killed on day four. Treatments were administered daily from days -2 to + 3 via oro-gastric gavage. Metabolic parameters were measured daily. Blood was obtained by cardiac puncture, and intestinal tissues removed for quantitative and qualitative histological assessment, including: villus height and area; crypt depth and area, mitotic count and crypt fission; biochemical determination of sucrase and myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity; and disease severity scoring. One-way ANOVA statistical analyses were conducted for the majority of outcome measures. Live TH-4 significantly reduced disease severity score by 13% (p < 0.05), and partially normalized mitotic counts compared with 5-FU + Skim Milk controls. Live and Supernatant TH-4 reduced crypt fission by 69% and 48% (p < 0.05), respectively, compared to 5-FU + Skim Milk controls. No significant differences (p > 0.05) in the occurrence of bacteraemia were evident across all groups. Live TH-4 partially normalized mitotic count and histological severity score in 5-FU treated rats. The inhibitory effect of live TH-4 and TH-4 Supernatant on crypt fission suggests therapeutic utility in the prevention of disorders characterized by increased crypt fission, such as colorectal carcinoma.
Laminar Inflammation Responses in the Oligofructose Overload Induced Model of Bovine Laminitis; Bovine laminitis causes substantial economic losses and animal welfare problems in dairy farms worldwide. Previously published studies have reported that the inflammatory response plays a central role in the pathogenesis of the disease. To our knowledge, inflammation associated with bovine laminitis induced by high levels of exposure to oligofructose (OF) has not been reported and characterized. In fact, the disease manifestations in this model closely approximate those of clinical laminitis. The objective of this study was to characterize the inflammatory response in OF-induced bovine laminitis. A total of 12 Chinese Holstein dairy heifers were utilized in this study. The heifers were randomly divided into two groups, treatment (n= 6) and control (n= 6). The treatment group heifers were administered OF solutions via a stomach tube (dose: 17 g/kg of body weight). Upon development of a lameness score of 2 with consecutive positive reactions in the same claw, they would be humanely euthanized. Control heifers were administered deionized water (dose: 2 L/100 kg of body weight) and humanely euthanized at 72 h. Real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) assays were performed to determine the messenger RNA (mRNA) concentrations of inflammatory mediators in the lamellae. Concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, C-X-C motif chemokine ligand-1 (CXCL-1), macrophage cationic peptide-2 (MCP-2), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), inducible nitric oxide synthase-1 (iNOS-1), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were significantly increased (P< 0.05) in the treatment group. No significant difference was found for tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-10, CXCL-6, and MCP-1. These results demonstrated and characterized the laminar inflammatory response leading to the pathogenesis of bovine laminitis at the early stages.
A Machine Learning Model for Food Source Attribution of <i>Listeria monocytogenes</i>; Despite its low morbidity, listeriosis has a high mortality rate due to the severity of its clinical manifestations. The source of human listeriosis is often unclear. In this study, we investigate the ability of machine learning to predict the food source from which clinical Listeria monocytogenes isolates originated. Four machine learning classification algorithms were trained on core genome multilocus sequence typing data of 1212 L. monocytogenes isolates from various food sources. The average accuracies of random forest, support vector machine radial kernel, stochastic gradient boosting, and logit boost were found to be 0.72, 0.61, 0.7, and 0.73, respectively. Logit boost showed the best performance and was used in model testing on 154 L. monocytogenes clinical isolates. The model attributed 17.5% of human clinical cases to dairy, 32.5% to fruits, 14.3% to leafy greens, 9.7% to meat, 4.6% to poultry, and 18.8% to vegetables. The final model also provided us with genetic features that were predictive of specific sources. Thus, this combination of genomic data and machine learning-based models can greatly enhance our ability to track L. monocytogenes from different food sources.
Optimal Topical Agent for Radiation Dermatitis During Breast Radiotherapy: A Pilot Study; Background: Women receiving radiation to the breast will likely be recommended to use a topical cream to minimize and delay the development of radiation dermatitis. Although many topical products are commercially available and have been tested for safety and efficacy, few studies have compared various products to one another for superiority and cost effectiveness.
Influence of dietary chitosan supplementation on ovarian development and reproductive performance of New Zealand White rabbit does; This study aimed to determine the effect of dietary chitosan supplementation on the productive and reproductive performance of New Zealand White (NZW) rabbits. Forty healthy weaned female rabbits were randomly distributed into four experimental groups (10 females per group) and fed ad libitum for six months. A basal diet without chitosan supplementation was used as a control. The other three experimental groups were fed a basal diet plus 0.2, 0.4, or 0.6 g chitosan/kg diet. After eight weeks, three females from each group were sacrificed for morphological observation of ovarian tissues. The remaining animals were used for reproductive studies by a maximum of three parities. Morphological observation of ovaries demonstrated that females fed a diet containing 0.2 g/kg chitosan had increased ovarian diameter and elevated the number of mature follicles compared with the control and the other experimental groups. Receptivity, conception rate, and kindling interval were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in females fed diets containing 0.2 and 0.4 g/kg chitosan compared to the other groups. Moreover, there was a trend toward a higher average milk yield throughout the lactating period in females fed a diet containing 0.2 g/kg chitosan (P=0.904). Diets containing up to 0.4 g/kg chitosan were positively correlated with increased receptivity rate and several parties. However, diets containing up to 0.4 g/kg chitosan were negatively correlated with decreased receptivity time, kindling interval, litter size at weaning, mortality rate at weaning, bunny weight at weaning, and milk yield. The present study's findings indicate that diets containing 0.2 g/kg chitosan improved reproductive efficiency in female NZW rabbits.
Randomized trial of topical ascorbic acid in DMSO versus imiquimod for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma; Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States and among Caucasians worldwide, with more people diagnosed each year than all other cancers combined. Basal cell cancer is the most common form with an estimated 4.3 million cases diagnosed annually, and treatment costs estimated at $4.8 billion. The objective of this study was to compare efficacy of a topical solution consisting of 30% ascorbic acid in 95% dimethylsulfoxide with topical imiquimod in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma. Twenty-five patients with 29 biopsy confirmed basal cell carcinomas were randomly assigned to receive either the topically applied ascorbic acid treatment twice daily for 8 weeks or topical imiquimod, a standard and well characterized topical treatment. After 8 weeks, post-treatment biopsy of lesions showed complete resolution of 13/15 (86.7%) in the ascorbic acid group, while 8/14 (57.1%) lesions in the IMQ group were resolved (p < 0.05 Chi Square). Topical ascorbic acid was superior at 8 weeks, and non-inferior at 12 weeks to topical imiquimod in the treatment of low risk nodular and superficial lesions. In addition, ascorbic acid was associated with fewer adverse effects than imiquimod. 70% of patients in the imiquinod group showed residual hypopigmentation at 30mo follow up versus 0% in the ascorbate group.
LACTOBACILLUS STRAIN GG SUPPLEMENTATION DECREASES COLONIC HYDROLYTIC AND REDUCTIVE ENZYME-ACTIVITIES IN HEALTHY FEMALE-ADULTS; The effects of yogurt containing viable Lactobacillus strain GG (L. GG) and/or fiber supplements on fecal enzyme activities (beta-glucuronidase, nitroreductase, beta-glucosidase, glycocholic acid hydrolase, urease) and on bacterial metabolites in urine (phenol, p-cresol) were studied in 64 females, 20-41 y old. The subjects were randomly divided into three groups: the first group received L. GG yogurt (2 x 150 mL/d, containing 10(11) colony-forming units (cfu)/L of L. GG), the second group received L. GG yogurt and a rye fiber product (30 g/d, equivalent to 9 g fiber/d), and the third group received placebo yogurt (pasteurized) and fiber. The supplementation period lasted 4 wk, with a preceding 2-wk baseline period and a 2-wk follow-up period. The mean fecal count of L. GG was similar to 10(6) cfu/g feces during the supplementation, and L. GG persisted in the fecal samples of 28% of the subjects for 2 wk after supplementation. L. GG yogurt alone or with fiber significantly decreased fecal beta-glucuronidase, nitroreductase and glycocholic acid hydrolase activities. These enzyme activities returned to baseline levels during the follow-up period. beta-Glucosidase and urease activities were not altered significantly during the study. The addition of fiber to L. GG and placebo yogurt had no effect on the enzymic activities. Urinary excretion of p-cresol decreased significantly in groups receiving L. GG. These data demonstrate that L. GG can modify the colonic environment with possible health effects.
Effect of feeding different sources of fat during gestation and lactation on reproduction of beef cows and calf performance; Experiment 1: Over a 2-yr period, a total of 231 Angus crossbred cows were assigned randomly to one of three gestation diets to evaluate the effects of fat sources on birth weight, weaning weight and average daily gain of calves, calf condition at birth, calf mortality, body weight of cows, gestation length, calving percentage, and the percentages of retained placenta and dystocia. Isonitrogenous and isoenergetic supplements were based on whole flaxseed (FLA), calcium salts of palm oil (Megalaco, MEG) or no fat (CON). All cows were fed grass silage (90% of ad libitum intake) until 1 mo before calving. Cows were then fed grass silage for ad libitum intake until they were put on pasture. Cows were offered 600 g of supplement per head per day starting 43 d before the first calving for a period averaging 78 d. Diet had no effect on body weight (BW) of cows at calving. Birth weights of calves were similar among treatments. However, calf mortality percentage at birth was almost four times higher (P = 0.03) for cows fed CON compared with those fed FLA and MEG. More than 90% of cows rejected placenta within 12 h of calving and treatment had no effect. Cows fed FLA and CON tended (P <= 0.10) to have higher cumulative pregnancy rates (92.9 and 91.9%, respectively) than those fed MEG (76.7%). Experiment 2: From 2000 Jan. 19 to 2000 Sep. 05, 41 heifers received 600 g per head per day of one of the three supplements used in exp. I to determine the effect of fat supplementation during pregnancy and breeding. Diet had no effect on calf birth weight, but contrasts indicated that heifers fed MEG tended (P = 0.09) to have a lower pregnancy rate than those fed CON. These data suggest that cows and heifers fed grass silage and/or on pasture would not be deficient in omega 3 fatty acids, thus would not benefit from a supplement rich in omega 3 fatty acids such as flaxseed. However, fat supplementation contributed to lower calf mortality at birth in cows, but not in heifers.
Cardiovascular Medications in Pregnancy A Primer; Reducing maternal morbidity and mortality is an essential public health initiative that requires partnerships across all medical specialties. Because cardiologists and obstetricians collaborate in the care of women with congenital and acquired heart disease, a significant shift toward improved outcomes undoubtedly will be seen. Possessing a basic knowledge of safe medication use in the care of this population aids the practitioner in providing safe guidance to women throughout the puerperium. The lack of randomized control trials will continue to present a challenge in pharmaceutical guidelines for pregnancy, but registries, case studies, and retrospective analyses may assist in filling this knowledge gap.
FOOD-GROUP CONSUMPTION AND COLON CANCER IN THE ADELAIDE CASE-CONTROL STUDY .1. VEGETABLES AND FRUIT; Previous epidemiologic studies have shown an inverse association between vegetable and fruit consumption and risk of colon cancer. Vegetables and fruit contain a large number of potentially anti-carcinogenic substances, thus lending biological plausibility to this association. We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 15 vegetable and fruit groups was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were derived using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. For females, greater intakes of onions and legumes were associated with decreased risk, with protein-adjusted OR of 0.48 and 0.53 respectively. Greater intakes of raw fruit and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR of 0.76 and 0.71 respectively. For males, greater intakes of onions, green leafy vegetables, legumes, carrots and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR in the range of 0.72 to 0.77. Consumption of potatoes was positively associated with risk in both genders. All 95% confidence intervals included 1.0. Analyses stratified by colon-cancer sub-site showed no strong and consistent differences between sub-sites for the vegetable and fruit associations. Results for meat, poultry, seafood, dairy foods and eggs are presented in a companion report.
Food choice and nutrient intake among patients on a low-fat, low-lactose diet: experience from a prospective randomized study; Objective: To describe the food consumed in order to achieve a low-fat, low-lactose diet, and to evaluate the effect of food choice on nutrient intake.
Effects of energy deficit, dietary protein, and feeding on intracellular regulators of skeletal muscle proteolysis; This study was undertaken to characterize the ubiquitin proteasome system (UPS) response to varied dietary protein intake, energy deficit (ED), and consumption of a mixed meal. A randomized, controlled trial of 39 adults consuming protein at 0.8 (recommended dietary allowance [RDA]), 1.6 (2x-RDA), or 2.4 (3x-RDA) g.kg(-1).d(-1) for 31 d. A 10-d weight maintenance (WM) period was followed by 21 d of 40% ED. Ubiquitin (Ub)-mediated proteolysis and associated gene expression were assessed in the postabsorptive (fasted) and postprandial (fed; 480 kcal, 20 g protein) states after WM and ED by using muscle biopsies, fluorescence-based assays, immunoblot analysis, and real-time qRT-PCR. In the assessment of UPS responses to varied protein intakes, ED, and feeding, the RDA, WM, and fasted measures served as appropriate controls. ED resulted in the up-regulation of UPS-associated gene expression, as mRNA expression of the atrogenes muscle RING finger-1 (MuRF1) and atrogin-1 were 1.2- and 1.3-fold higher (P<0.05) for ED than for WM. However, mixed-meal consumption attenuated UPS-mediated proteolysis, independent of energy status or dietary protein, as the activities of the 26S proteasome subunits beta 1, beta 2, and beta 5 were lower (P<0.05) for fed than for fasted. Muscle protein ubiquitylation was also 45% lower (P<0.05) for fed than for fasted, regardless of dietary protein and energy manipulations. Independent of habitual protein intake and despite increased MuRF1 and atrogin-1 mRNA expression during ED, consuming a protein-containing mixed meal attenuates Ub-mediated proteolysis.
Use of crude glycerol, a biodiesel coproduct, in diets for lactating sows; An experiment was conducted to evaluate the effect of dietary crude glycerol in lactating sow diets on sow and litter performance under heat stress conditions. Mixed parity (range = 0 to 13) sows (n = 345; 253 +/- 24 kg of BW) were assigned randomly within gestation housing location and parity to 1 of 4 dietary treatments. Treatments consisted of a corn-soybean-based control diet (CON) and 3, 6, or 9% glycerol added at the expense of corn and soybean meal. Liquid crude glycerol was incorporated in the complete diet at the time of mixing. Dietary treatments were imposed on d 109 of gestation (2.25 kg/d) when sows were moved into farrowing rooms. Heat index during lactation in farrowing rooms exceeded 25 degrees C for all sows. At farrowing, sows were allowed ad libitum access to feed throughout lactation. Dietary treatment tended ( P = 0.08) to influence ADFI of sows (CON = 6.04 kg/d; 3% = 6.21 kg/d; 6% = 5.69 kg/d; 9% = 6.00 kg/d; pooled SE = 0.18). Up to 9% crude glycerol in the diet had no effect on sow BW and backfat loss, weaning-to-estrus interval, preweaning mortality of piglets, and ADG of piglets. Increasing dietary glycerol linearly reduced (P = 0.10) litter size at weaning (CON = 9.50; 3% = 9.60; 6% = 9.36; 9% = 9.39; pooled SE = 0.08). Daily water consumption was not affected by dietary treatment. Crude glycerol did not affect respiration rates or rectal body temperatures, indicating no efficacy in reducing heat stress of sows. Plasma glycerol concentrations increased linearly (P < 0.05) as dietary crude glycerol increased (CON = 1.21 mu M; 3% = 1.69 mu M; 6% = 7.21 mu M; 9% = 29.04 mu M; pooled SE = 1.58), but plasma glucose concentrations were not affected. Crude protein content of the milk of sows was not affected (P = 0.16) by dietary treatment. Dry matter (P = 0.07) and crude fat (P = 0.09) content of the milk of the sows tended to increase linearly (DM basis: CON = 17.84%; 3% = 18.43%; 6% = 18.98%; 9% = 18.48%; pooled SE = 0.34; crude fat: CON = 4.78%; 3% = 4.91%; 6% = 5.50%; 9% = 5.24%; pooled SE = 0.30), whereas milk ash concentration tended (P = 0.09) to decrease linearly with increasing dietary glycerol (CON = 0.77%; 3% = 0.79%; 6% = 0.74%; 9% = 0.74%; pooled SE = 0.02). Increasing dietary crude glycerol linearly increased ( P < 0.05) lactose concentration in the milk of sows (CON = 5.16%; 3% = 5.30%; 6% = 5.43%; 9% = 5.46%; pooled SE = 0.10). Results from this study indicate that lactating sows fed diets containing up to 9% crude glycerol perform similarly to sows fed a standard corn-soybean meal diet.
TUMOR INDUCTION IN TRANSPLANTED MAMMARY GLANDS IN RATS; Mammary glands were successfully transplanted from randombred Sprague-Dawley rats to recipients, irrespective of whether the transplants were autografts or homografts. Homologous transplantation of mammary glands was successful in both littermates and nonlittermates. Surviving grafts had the histological appearance of normal mammary glands and functioned like the normal mammary glands of the recipients. The grafts showed extensive lobular-alveolar growth, secreted milk when the graft-bearing rats were pregnant, and atrophied, as the mammary glands of the recipients did, when their ovaries were removed. When female rats were fed a single dose of 7, 12-dimethylbenz [a] anthracene (DMBA) and their mammary glands were subsequently transplanted into female recipients, mammary cancer developed in the mammary grafts in the hosts. Mammary cancer developed in a gland transplanted to a recipient as soon as 4 hours after the donor was fed a single dose of DMBA. The incidence of tumors was significantly lower in mammary grafts from male donors than from female donors. Mammary tumors developing in such grafts are hormone-dependent, since they regress after excision of the ovaries.
In vitro control of the camel nasal botfly, <i>Cephalopina titillator</i>, with doramectin, lavender, camphor, and onion oils; Camels are very important livestock particularly in arid and semiarid lands. The oestrid fly, Cephalopina titillator (Clark), causes nasopharyngeal myiasis in camels, and it is widely distributed in many camel breeding areas triggering health hazards and severe economic losses in camels. The prevalence of infestation of camels (slaughtered at Tokh's slaughterhouse, Qalyubia Governorate, Egypt, during the period from September 2011 to March 2012) was 41.67 % (100 out of 240). Most infested camels developed clinical signs of nasal discharge, restlessness, loss of appetite, difficulty in breathing, frequent sneezing, and snoring. Postmortem examination of infested camels explained that breathing of the animal is greatly impaired because of blockage of the nasopharynx by larvae and/or mucofibrinous secretions. The larval count per camel ranged from 1 to 250 (mean 28.45 +/- 6.48). In vitro larval immersion tests were carried out to determine the efficacy of doramectin (0.003 %) as well as some essential oils (50 % each) such as lavender, camphor, and onion oils against the second and third larval stages (L2 and L3) of C. titillator. Another trial had been done for imitating what could happen if the area around camels were treated with an insecticide or an insect repellent. All treated L2 died 18 h posttreatment (PT) with both doramectin and lavender, and 100 % mortality was reached for L3 after 24 and 30 h PT with lavender and doramectin, respectively. Doramectin and lavender induced the highest response against C. titillator as their lethal time (LT50) values after treatment of L2 were 3.40 and 3.60 h, respectively, and those of L3 were 4.99 and 5.53 h, respectively. Against both L2 and L3 of C. titillator and based on LT50 values of onion oil and those of other applied materials, doramectin and lavender oil were four times more effective than onion oil, and camphor oil was two times more effective than onion oil. Based on LT50 values of essential oils and those of doramectin, as a reference substance, the relative speed of efficacy indicated that camphor and onion oils were, respectively, two and four times less effective than doramectin and lavender. With regard to fumigant technique, neither the insecticide, New PyrosolA (R), nor the insect repellent, KetoA (R), was effective in controlling C. titillator larvae. Our results indicated that doramectin and lavender could be selected as drugs of choice for controlling C. titillator, but it is not permitted to use doramectin on dairy animals during lactation. Lavender (50 %) has a great potential to be developed as a novel larvicide and could be used as nasal drench against nasal botfly which will reflect on camel production and the national economy.
Effect of prepartum energy intake and supplementation with ruminally protected choline on innate and adaptive immunity of multiparous Holstein cows; Objectives were to evaluate the effect of prepartum energy intake and peripartal supplementation of ruminally protected choline (RPC) on select indicators of immune status in blood plasma and on lipopolysaccharide-stimulated blood cells ex vivo. At 47 +/- 6 d before the expected calving date, 93 multiparous Holstein cows were assigned randomly to 1 of 4 dietary treatments in a 2 x 2 factorial arrangement. Cows were fed energy to excess [EXE; 1.63 Mcal of net energy for lactation (NEL)/kg of dietary dry matter (DM)] or to maintenance (MNE; 1.40 Mcal of NEL/kg of dietary DM) ad libitum throughout the nonlactating period. The RPC was fed at 0 or 60 g/d to supply 0 or 12.9 g/d of choline ions top-dressed for 17 +/- 4.6 d prepartum through 21 d postpartum. After calving, cows were fed the same methionine-supplemented diet, apart from RPC supplementation. During the last 2 wk before calving and during the first 5 wk postpartum, blood was sampled repeatedly and analyzed for cell types, acute-phase proteins, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFoL), and neutrophil function. Samples of whole blood were collected at 3 and 14 DIM and stimulated with 1 mu g/mL lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in vitro for 6 and 24 h. After 6 h of LPS exposure, peripheral blood leucocytes (PBL) were harvested, and relative transcript abundance for select cytokines were measured. Supernatant was analyzed for TNF-alpha after 24 h of LPS exposure. The PBL from cows fed EXE diets during the whole dry period Ilad increased transcripts for the proinfla nini atory cytokines CXCL8 and TNF, although the plasma concentrations of the acute-phase proteins haptoglobin and fibrinogen, and the killing activity of the blood neutrophils in the postpartum period, were not affected by feeding different energy levels prepartum. Feeding RPC to cows overfed energy prepartum modulated their inflammatory state, as evidenced by decreased IL6 in PBL and reduced mean fluorescence intensity of CD14 during the postpartum period, compared with cows not fed RPC. Feeding RPC also decreased TNF alpha protein production, abundances of IL1B, CXCL8, and TNF transcripts, and mean fluorescence intensity of CD80 of PBL stimulated by LPS, regardless of prepartum energy intake. In contrast, proportions of blood neutrophils undergoing phagocytosis and oxidative burst were increased at 17 d postpartum in cows supplemented with RPC. Collectively, these data indicate that transition cows supplemented with RPC experienced less inflammation, which may partially explain increased milk production in cows supplemented with RPC.
Treatment of Anal High-Grade Squamous Intraepithelial Lesions to Prevent Anal Cancer; Background The incidence of anal cancer is substantially higher among persons living with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) than in the general population. Similar to cervical cancer, anal cancer is preceded by high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs). Treatment for cervical HSIL reduces progression to cervical cancer; however, data from prospective studies of treatment for anal HSIL to prevent anal cancer are lacking. Methods We conducted a phase 3 trial at 25 U.S. sites. Persons living with HIV who were 35 years of age or older and who had biopsy-proven anal HSIL were randomly assigned, in a 1:1 ratio, to receive either HSIL treatment or active monitoring without treatment. Treatment included office-based ablative procedures, ablation or excision under anesthesia, or the administration of topical fluorouracil or imiquimod. The primary outcome was progression to anal cancer in a time-to-event analysis. Participants in the treatment group were treated until HSIL was completely resolved. All the participants underwent high-resolution anoscopy at least every 6 months; biopsy was also performed for suspected ongoing HSIL in the treatment group, annually in the active-monitoring group, or any time there was concern for cancer. Results Of 4459 participants who underwent randomization, 4446 (99.7%) were included in the analysis of the time to progression to cancer. With a median follow-up of 25.8 months, 9 cases were diagnosed in the treatment group (173 per 100,000 person-years; 95% confidence interval [CI], 90 to 332) and 21 cases in the active-monitoring group (402 per 100,000 person-years; 95% CI, 262 to 616). The rate of progression to anal cancer was lower in the treatment group than in the active-monitoring group by 57% (95% CI, 6 to 80; P=0.03 by log-rank test). Conclusions Among participants with biopsy-proven anal HSIL, the risk of anal cancer was significantly lower with treatment for anal HSIL than with active monitoring. (Funded by the National Cancer Institute; ClinicalTrials.gov number, .)
Space allowance influences individually housed Holstein bull calf innate immune measures and standing behaviors after castration at 3 weeks of age; Dairy calves in the Southwest regions of the United States are typically raised individually in wooden hutches with 1.23 m(2) of space. The objective of the study was to determine if increased space allowance in wooden hutches influences measures of innate immunity and behaviors of Holstein bull calves pre- and postcastration. Calves were randomly assigned at 4 d of age to conventional (CONV; 1.23 m(2) of space; n = 18), moderate (MOD; 1.85 m2 space; n = 17), or maximized space allowance (MAX; 3.71 m(2) space; n = 19) in hutches. Calves were surgically castrated at 24 d of age. Peripheral whole blood samples were collected at 1, +1, +5, and +12 d of castration. Accelerometer loggers (n = 16 calves per treatment) were used from 3 to +5 d of castration to assess standing behaviors. All calves decreased total standing duration the day of castration versus precastration. Overall, MAX spent the most time in the stand position postcastration versus CONV and MOD. Within treatments, MOD. and MAX had increased plasma cortisol 1 d postcastration versus pre castration. A treatment x time tendency was observed for cortisol at 12 d postcastration; MAX had the least circulating cortisol. A treatment x time tendency for circulating haptoglobin (Hp) was observed and Hp was greatest among CONV 1 d pre- and 12 d postcastration. Compared with precastration, CONV had increased Hp at 1, 5, and 12 d, whereas MOD had increased Hp at 5 d, and Hp remained similar within MAX. A treatment x time tendency for tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) from lipopolysaccharide-stimulated whole blood was observed; at 1 d postcastration, MOD had the most TNF-alpha, whereas MAX had the least. Within MAX, calves had increased TNF-alpha from precastration to 5 d postcastration. A treatment x time interaction was observed for whole blood bactericidal activity against Escherichia coli (WB anti-E). The CONV tended to have the greatest WB anti-E at d-1, but at d 1 and 5 postcastration, CONV had the least WB anti-E. Overall, MAX had less intensity of neutrophil oxidative burst versus CONV and MOD. The lower response of neutrophil oxidative burst and slower Hp secretion after castration is indicative that the wound site likely had less microbial exposure. The findings of this study suggest that calves housed with more space are potentially at less risk of too much inflammation after castration, which may likely be due to the effects of increased space on hide cleanliness and increased standing time.
Photodynamic therapy using topical methyl 5-aminolevulinate compared with cryotherapy for actinic keratosis: A prospective, randomized study; Background: Actinic keratoses (AKs) are the most common premalignant tumors. Without treatment, a significant number of patients with AK will experience squamous cell carcinoma. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) using the new highly selective photosensitizer methyl 5-aminolevulinate is a promising new treatment modality for AK.
Percutaneous Left-Ventricular Support With the Impella-2.5-Assist Device in Acute Cardiogenic Shock Results of the Impella-EUROSHOCK-Registry; Background-Acute cardiogenic shock after myocardial infarction is associated with high in-hospital mortality attributable to persisting low-cardiac output. The Impella-EUROSHOCK-registry evaluates the safety and efficacy of the Impella-2.5-percutaneous left-ventricular assist device in patients with cardiogenic shock after acute myocardial infarction.
Clinical risk factors for osteoporosis are common among elderly people in Nuuk, Greenland; Background. Osteoporosis is a debilitating condition characterized by fractures, pain and premature death. Risk factors for osteoporosis predict the risk of fragility fractures.
Effectiveness of a Home-Based Counselling Strategy on Neonatal Care and Survival: A Cluster-Randomised Trial in Six Districts of Rural Southern Tanzania; Background
Effect of high-dose isoflavones on cognition, quality of life, androgens, and lipoprotein in post-menopausal women; Context: Recent interventional studies indicate that post-menopausal hormone replacement therapy is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and breast cancer. Isoflavones, a class of plant estrogens, have structural similarities to estradiol. Hence, isoflavones may exert beneficial estrogenic health effects in postmenopausal women with fewer adverse effects. Objective: To evaluate the effect of high-dose isoflavones on self-reported quality of life (QOL), cognition, lipoproteins and androgen status in post-menopausal women. Design and subjects: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, 12-week trial of 93 healthy, ambulatory, post-menopausal women (mean age 56 yr). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. Intervention: Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste-matched placebo (20 9 whole milk protein). Both soy and the placebo were provided in the form of a powder to be mixed with beverages. Main outcome measures: QOL was judged by the Menopause-specific Quality of Life (MENQOL) questionnaire while cognitive function was assessed with standard instruments. Total, free, and bioavailable testosterone, gonadotropins, SHBG, and fasting lipids were measured. Results: Eighty-four women (90%) completed the study (active=38, Placebo=46). There was a significant improvement in all 4 QOL subscales (vasomotor, psychosexual, physical, and sexual) among the women taking isoflavones, while no changes were seen in the placebo group. No significant changes in cognition, serum androgens or plasma lipids were seen within any of the groups. However, at the end of the study, a group-by-time interaction was observed such that total testosterone and HDL levels were significantly lower in the isoflavones compared to placebo groups. Conclusion: High-dose isoflavones is associated with improved QOL among women who have become menopausal recently. Hence, the timing of isoflavone supplementation with regards to the onset of menopause appears to be important. The use of isoflavones, as an alternative to estrogen therapy, may be potentially useful and seemingly safe in this group of women who are looking for relief from menopausal symptoms. (J. Endocrinol. Invest. 32: 150-155, 2009) (C) 2009, Editrice Kurtis
Rapid hematopoietic recovery after multicycle high-dose chemotherapy: Enhancement of filgrastim-induced progenitor-cell mobilization by recombinant human stem-cell factor; Purpose: To assess the mobilization potential and safety of recombinant human stem-cell factor (SCF) when coadministered with filgrastim to untreated women with poor-prognosis breast cancer
Current Pharmacological Management of Premature Ejaculation: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context: Premature ejaculation (PE) is the most prevalent male sexual dysfunction. In the last few years, several pharmacologic approaches for oral or topical treatment of PE have been studied.
Randomized, vehicle-controlled trials of topical 5-fluorouracil therapy for actinic keratosis treatment: an overview; Actinic keratoses are common in older individuals and topical immunotherapy is an important treatment when multiple lesions are present. To assess the efficacy of 5-fluorouracil in treating actinic keratoses, a systematic review of randomized, vehicle-controlled trials was performed. Percentages of 5-fluorouracil and vehicle responders were determined by absolute clearance and mean percent reduction in lesion count. Four trials with 399 and 269 participants in active treatment and vehicle groups, respectively, were evaluated. After 4 weeks of treatment, total clearance and mean lesion count reduction were 52.6 and 90.2% in the treatment group versus 0.85 and 28.3% in the vehicle group, respectively. Topical 5-fluorouracil is efficacious in treating actinic keratoses; however, vehicle responses warrant further investigation of study design and disease severity scales.
Emollients and moisturizers for eczema: abridged Cochrane systematic review including GRADE assessments; Eczema is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder with considerable impact on quality of life. Emollients or moisturizers are widely recommended, but are these effective and safe? We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in the Cochrane Skin Group Specialised Skin Register, CENTRAL in The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE, Embase, LILACS, the GREAT database and five trial registers to December 2015. We included 77 RCTs with 6603 participants. Seven studies (9%) were at low risk of bias, 34 (44%) had unclear risk and 36 (47%) were at high risk. The quality of the evidence was mainly low or moderate for the prespecified outcomes. The most important comparison, 'moisturizer vs. no moisturizer', showed improved Scoring Atopic Dermatitis values in the moisturizer group compared with no moisturizer [mean difference -2.42, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.55 to -.28], but did not meet the minimal important difference of 8.7. Fewer flares were seen (risk ratio 0.40, 95% CI 0.23-0.70) and the rate of flares was reduced (hazard ratio 3.74, 95% CI 1.86-7.50). The groups applying moisturizer used less topical corticosteroids over 6-8 weeks (mean difference -9.30 g, 95% CI 15.3 to -3.27). Glycyrrhetinic acid-, urea-and glycerol-containing creams worked better than their controls (vehicle, placebo or no moisturizer) according to both participants and physicians. More flares were reported with moisturizer alone than when combined with twice-weekly fluticasone propionate (risk ratio 2.17, 95% CI 1.55-3.11). Adding moisturizers to topical anti-inflammatory treatment was more effective than anti-inflammatory treatment alone and resulted in fewer flares.
Effects of taurine on markers of muscle damage, inflammatory response and physical performance in triathletes; BACKGROUND: The practice of prolonged exercise with high intensity, as seen in triathlon training, can cause physiological imbalances that might result in muscle fatigue, muscle damage and changes in systemic Inflammatory response, thus reduce the athletes' physical performance, therefore, both adequate total caloric and macronutrient intake also the use of a specific ergogenic aid, as taurine supplementation would be an alternative to prevent inflammation and muscle damage. In order to verify the effects of 8 weeks of taurine and chocolate milk supplementation, markers of muscle damage, inflammation, and aerobic capacity were quantified in triathletes.
EFFICACY OF PYRIDOXAL TREATMENT IN CONTROLLING THE GROWTH OF MELANOMAS IN CELL-CULTURE AND AN ANIMAL PILOT-STUDY; We have demonstrated, using confocal laser scanning microscopy, that pyridoxal treatment of B16C3 murine melanoma cells inhibits triamcinolone acetonide induced translocation of the glucocorticoid receptor to the nucleus of intact cells. In addition to inhibiting glucocorticoid receptor nuclear translocation, pyridoxal kills B16C3 murine melanoma cells and WM983A human melanoma cells in culture. Cortexolone, a glucocorticoid antagonist, also kills cells in culture. This mechanism, however, appears to initiate in the glucocorticoid receptor signal transducing cascade at a point prior to the impact of pyridoxal treatment alone. The glucocorticoid antagonist RU486 has no detrimental effect on melanoma cell viability, however, in combination with pyridoxal, RU486 extends cell viability. Since pyridoxal kills melanoma cells in culture, a pilot study was carried out examining the efficacy of topical application of a pyridoxal cream to inhibit the growth and/or cause regression of (B16C3) xenograft melanoma tumors in an immunocompetent (Hairless Rhino-J(3)) and an immunocompromised (Crl: nu/nu (CD1 (R))BR) murine animal model. The results of the study with immunocompetent animals are encouraging. While tumors are brought under control by pyridoxal treatment, further work is needed to determine the most efficacious treatment regimen and to establish formal concentrations for pyridoxal in topical ointments. Trials using immunocompromised animals indicated that although some qualitative differences may be detected between the control and experimental animals, tumor growth in these animals is so aggressive that multiple applications or higher concentrations of pyridoxal may be needed to obtain useful data.
Hydrolyzed Yeast Supplementation in Calf Starter Promotes Innate Immune Responses in Holstein Calves under Weaning Stress Condition; Simple Summary New-born Holstein calves are vulnerable to infectious diseases owing to incomplete immune system development. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of six weeks of hydrolyzed yeast supplementation in Holstein calf starter on stress and immune responses after weaning. Hydrolyzed yeast supplementation facilitated the innate immune response after weaning, with a limited stress response. Therefore, the supplementation of hydrolyzed yeast in calf starters may help weaned calves adapt to diet-induced stresses. These results suggest that hydrolyzed yeast may be an effective feed additive for modulating stress-related immune responses. Weaned calves are susceptible to infectious diseases because of the stress and malnutrition that occurs during weaning. Therefore, the dairy industry requires effective feed additives to ameliorate stress responses and promote immunity. This study aimed to investigate the effects of hydrolyzed yeast (HY) supplementation on the growth performance, immune and stress parameters, and health status of calves after weaning. Eighteen Holstein calves were randomly assigned to two groups, either receiving a control calf starter or 0.2% HY calf starter from one week of age. All calves were weaned at six weeks of age as a stress challenge. The HY-fed calves had a significantly-higher body weight gain during the post-weaning period (kg/week) compared to the control. Cortisol levels at three days post-weaning (DPW) were significantly lower in the HY group than the control group. Calves fed HY had significantly-higher serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-1 beta at one DPW. The HY-fed calves also had higher concentrations of the acute-phase proteins, haptoglobin, serum amyloid A, and transferrin at one DPW. In addition, the diarrhea severity in HY-fed calves was milder after weaning compared to the control group. Our results indicate that HY supplementation reduces stress responses and may promote innate immunity in newly-weaned calves.
Overweight/obesity, pre-diabetes, diabetes and its association with hypertension and other factors among rural adults (≥18 years) in India; Background: Non-communicable diseases are important causes of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study conducted in 10 Indian states using multi-stage random sampling procedures. Information was collected on socio-economic and demographic particulars, anthropometric measurements such as height, weight and waist circumference, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure was measured. One day 24-h dietary recall was done for foods and nutrient intakes. Bivariate and multivariate step-wise logistic regression analyses was done. Results: The prevalence of overweight/obesity among rural adults was 23.4 % (95 % CI: 22.9-23.9), while age adjusted prevalence of pre-diabetes was 8.4 % (95 % CI: 8.1-8.7) and diabetes was 6.8, (95 % CI 6.7-7.1), respectively. The prevalence of diabetes was lowest in Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Odisha (3-4%) and higher in Kerala and Tamil Nadu (12-15 %). The odds of diabetes was 5.5 times more among elderly, 1.3 times higher among Christians and among high income groups, and 2 times among overweight (CI: 1.50-2.50), obese (CI: 1.61-2.76) and abdominal obesity (OR; 1.57; CI: 1.29-1.91) and 1.6 times more among hypertensives. The odds of diabetes were high among those consuming the lower tertiles of carbohydrates, pulses, milk and milk products and folic acid. Conclusion: the age-adjusted prevalence of diabetes and pre-diabetes was 6.8 % and 8.4 % respectively and the odds of diabetes was high among elderly, among high socio-economic groups, overweight/obese subjects and among hypertensives. Also, knowledge about symptoms of diabetes was low. There is a need to improve awareness for early diagnosis and treatment for control of diabetes and hypertension.
Salivary gland cancer: An exploratory analysis of dietary factors; This study was an exploratory analysis of dietary and other risk factors for primary salivary gland cancer in a population-based case-control study in Ontario, Canada. Cases were men and women diagnosed between 1995 and 1996 with a first primary cancer of the salivary gland, identified through the Ontario Cancer Registry. Controls were an age-matched random sample of the population of Ontario, identified through property assessment files. Cases (n = 91) and controls (n = 1897) completed a self-administered questionnaire with information on diet, smoking, height and weight, and other lifestyle and socio-demographic factors. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Among dietary variables, high relative to low intakes of alcohol (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.35), fruits (OR: 1.26; 95% CI: 0.68-2.33), sweets (OR: 1.66; 95% CI: 0.85-3.25), dairy (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 0.77-2.58), and starchy foods (OR: 1.78; 95% CI: 0.96-3.3) were associated with non-statistically significant increased risk of salivary gland cancer; whereas vegetables and meats were linked with non-statistically significant decreased risks of the disease. Among non-diet factors, male sex, obese BMI, exposure to occupational radiation, family history of cancer, and household income were suggestive of increased disease risk. Future work with larger numbers of cases are needed to further explore these associations.
Investigation of Bovine Leukocyte Adhesion Deficiency (BLAD) and Complex Vertebral Malformation (CVM) in a Population of Iranian Holstein Cows; In the present research, molecular detection of bovine leukocyte adhesion deficiency (BLAD) and complex vertebral malformation (CVM) in a population of Iranian Holstein cows has been carried outusing milk somatic cells by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP). The BLAD and CVM are monogenic and autosomal recessive heredity lethal syndrome in Holstein-Friesian cattle. BLAD characterized by affecting the haematopoietic system via reduced expression of the adhesion molecules on neutrophils. CVM characterized by intra-uterine mortality with disorders such as short neck, curved legs, abnormality of ribs and some certain heart abnormalities. In the first step of our research program, tank milk samples from 50 herds were collected. PCR-RFLP was performed to detect a point mutation of both CVM and BLAD genes. After DNA extraction, PCR was amplified using specific primers for 136 bp DNA (CD18 gene) and 233 bp DNA (SLC35A3 gene). TaqI and EcoT22I enzymes were used to identify both BLAD and CVM alleles of both genes by digestion of PCR products. In these herds, we did not find any affected herd with the mutant allele of BLAD comparing with a positive evidence but the mutation of SLC35A3 gene found in 17 different herds. In the next step of our study a herd with 120 cows was randomly selected for individual test using blood samples. We showed two cows out of 120 were identified as carriers of this gene. In this herd, the total number of dominant homozygote (AA), heterozygote (Aa) and recessive homozygote (aa) genotypes for CVM were 118, 2 and 0, respectively and the frequency of A and a alleles were 0.992 and 0.008, respectively. The other affected herds will be tested in the next step of our research program.
Sources of Dietary Protein in Relation to Blood Pressure in a General Dutch Population; Background: Little is known about the relation of different dietary protein types with blood pressure (BP). We examined whether intake of total, plant, animal, dairy, meat, and grain protein was related to BP in a cross sectional cohort of 20,820 Dutch adults, aged 20-65 y and not using antihypertensive medication.
Randomized, double-blind, prospective study to compare topical 5-aminolaevulinic acid methylester with topical 5-aminolaevulinic acid photodynamic therapy for extensive scalp actinic keratosis; Background 5-aminolaevlinic acid methylester (MAL) and 5-aminolaevulinic acid (ALA) photodynamic therapy (PDT) are both effective treatment options for actinic keratosis (AK). While MAL is significantly more expensive than ALA, no studies have directly compared their efficacy in the treatment of extensive scalp AK.
Associations of different dietary patterns, bone mineral density, and fracture risk among elderly women: the China Osteoporosis Prevalence Study; Objective Despite the fact that China amounts to one-fifth of the world's population, has a higher proportion of the elderly, and has a higher prevalence of osteoporosis and fracture, limited studies have investigated the association between dietary patterns and bone mineral density (BMD) as well as fracture risk among the elderly Chinese population. We aimed to investigate the association between different dietary patterns and BMD as well as the risk of fractures, and this association may vary between elderly women and men.Methods Building upon the China Osteoporosis Prevalence Study, we included 17,489 subjects aged >= 40 years old randomly sampled across 44 counties/districts of 11 provinces or municipalities in China who completed a food frequency questionnaire. BMD was measured by dual x-ray absorptiometry. Vertebral fracture was defined based on lateral spine radiographs using the semi-quantitative technique of Genant.Results A diet rich in "carnivorous", "vegetarian", "dairy, fruit, and egg" was significantly associated with higher BMD at total hip (TH), femoral neck (FN), and lumbar spine 1-4 (L1-4). Yet, a diet rich in "beverage and fried food" was associated with a lower BMD at the FN and L1-4. High quartiles of the carnivorous diet were associated with 34%-39% reduced risk of clinical fracture in the past 5 years and vertebral fracture. Stronger associations were observed among women. Sensitivity analysis among postmenopausal women presented even stronger positive associations between carnivorous and vegetarian diets and high BMD, as well as between carnivorous diet and reduced risk of fractures.Conclusions Our study suggested that a diet rich in meat, vegetables, and dairy, fruit, and eggs might be associated with greater BMD and a lower fracture risk, while beverage and fried foods may be associated with a lower BMD at L1-4, especially among elderly women. These findings are relevant to provide recommendations on dietary nutrition regarding the elderly population at high risk of osteoporosis and fractures, especially postmenopausal women.
Potential clinical value of catheters impregnated with antimicrobials for the prevention of infections associated with peritoneal dialysis; Lay summaryPeritoneal dialysis (PD) is a type of treatment for kidney failure. To perform PD, a silicone tube is placed in the abdomen and the other end exits through the skin. Fluid is run into the abdomen via the tube and then drained out again after 1-12 hours. This process is repeated multiple times per day. Toxins and other waste chemicals normally removed by the kidneys enter the fluid, while it is in the abdomen and are then removed from the body when the fluid is drained out. In this way, PD partially replaces kidney function. Sometimes bacteria get into the tube, and this can cause serious infections in the abdomen. At present, measures available to prevent PD tube infections include careful hygiene when handling the tube, application of antibiotic creams or ointments to the exit site or treatment with antibiotics at the time of medical procedures that may increase infection risk. Despite these measures, peritonitis (abdominal infection) is one of the most common causes of people having to stop PD and change to another form of dialysis that involves direct filtration of the blood (hemodialysis). Frequent use of antibiotics may also cause the bacteria that cause peritonitis to become resistant to antibiotics. There is, therefore, an urgent need to develop new ways to prevent PD tube infections. Tubes have been used in patients who have a particular type of brain surgery with antibiotics introduced into the material that the tube is made from, and in these patients, the risk of infection has been reduced by 60-80%. The same technology is also being tested for urine tubes that are placed in the bladder and tubes used for PD. These urine tubes and PD tubes need further testing to establish safety and effectiveness. Though our experience with them leads us to expect that they are safe, the authorities that control new drugs and devices require us to show this beyond doubt before they can be introduced into routine care.
Effect of calcium supplementation on the risk of large bowel polyps; Background: Clinical trials have shown that calcium supplementation modestly decreases the risk of colorectal adenomas. However, few studies have examined the effect of calcium on the risk of different types of colorectal lesions or dietary determinants of this effect. Methods: Our analysis used patients from the Calcium Polyp Prevention Study, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled chemoprevention trial among patients with a recent colorectal adenoma. Nine hundred thirty patients were randomly assigned to calcium carbonate (1200 mg/day) or placebo. Follow-up colonoscopies were conducted approximately I and 4 years after the qualifying examination. We used general estimating equation (GEE) and generalized linear regression analyses to compute risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to assess the effect of calcium treatment versus placebo on the risk of hyperplastic polyps, tubular adenomas, and more advanced lesions. Additionally, we used GEE analyses to compare the calcium treatment effects for various types of polyps with that for tubular adenomas. We also examined the interaction between calcium treatment and baseline intake of dietary calcium, fat, and fiber. All P values were obtained using Wald tests based on the corresponding models. All tests of statistical significance were two-sided. Results: The calcium risk ratio for hyperplastic polyps was 0.82 (95% CI = 0.67 to 1.00), that for tubular adenomas was 0.89 (95% CI = 0.77 to 1.03), and that for histologically advanced neoplasms was 0.65 (95% CI = 0.46 to 0.93) compared with patients assigned to placebo. There were no statistically significant differences between the risk ratio for tubular adenomas and that for other types of polyps. The effect of calcium supplementation on adenoma risk was most pronounced among individuals with high dietary intakes of calcium and fiber and with low intake of fat, but the interactions were not statistically significant. Conclusion: Our results suggest that calcium supplementation may have a more pronounced antineoplastic effect on advanced colorectal lesions than on other types of polyps. [J Natl Cancer Inst 2004;96:921-5]
Herbal Medicines for Treatment of Radiodermatitis: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: There is some evidence in favor of the efficacy of herbal medicine in the treatment of radiodermatitis as a frequent complication among cancer patients. Purpose: The present study aimed to evaluate the effect of herbal medicines on the treatment of radiodermatitis in cancer patients. Study design: Systematic review performed in accordance with the PRISMA guideline. Methods: We searched the electronic databases, Scopus, PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, Google Scholar, and ISI Web of Science, through July 2020 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared herbal compounds against a standard medication or placebo for treatment or prevention of radiodermatitis. Results: A total of 16 RCTs involving 1886 patients with breast, head and neck, or unspecified cancer were included. Risk of bias generally was high. Of those, three RCTs with 562 cancer patients (mainly breast cancer) who used Aloe vera to treat radiodermatitis were included in the meta-analysis. There was a significant level of heterogeneity between the studies (I-2 = 95.8). One RCT found positive effects of Aloe vera in reducing the severity of radiodermatitis (standardized mean difference [SMD] = 3.37), whereas another revealed an inverse effect (SMD = -4). Conclusion: At present, there are no herbal compositions that are effective in treating radiodermatitis, with Aloe vera failing to show sufficient efficacy in the meta-analysis.
In vitro effects of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitors on the production of tumor necrosis factor-α by interferon-γ- and lipopolysaccharide-stimulated peripheral blood mononuclear cells of horses; OBJECTIVE
Evidence-based prevention and surgical treatment of necrotizing enterocolitis-A review of randomized controlled trials; Necrotizing enterocolitis remains a common cause of morbidity and mortality in the neonatal period. Despite many advances in the management of the critically ill neonate, the exact etiology, attempts at prevention and determining best treatment for NEC have been elusive. Unfortunately, the overall survival for this poorly understood and complex condition has not improved. NEC is a condition that can and should be studied with randomized prospective trials (RCTs). This chapter reviews the current evidence-based trials for this condition thus far performed. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dietary Customs and Social Deprivation in an Aging Population From Southern Italy: A Machine Learning Approach; BackgroundDiet and social determinants influence the state of human health. In older adults, the presence of social, physical and psychological barriers increases the probability of deprivation. This study investigated the relationship between social deprivation and eating habits in non-institutionalized older adults from Southern Italy, and identified foods and dietary habits associated with social deprivation. MethodsWe recruited 1,002 subjects, mean age 74 years, from the large population based Salus in Apulia Study. In this cross-sectional study, eating habits and the level of deprivation were assessed with FFQ and DiPCare-Q, respectively. ResultsDeprived subjects (n = 441) included slightly more females, who were slightly older and with a lower level of education. They consumed less fish (23 vs. 26 g), fruiting vegetables (87 vs. 102 g), nuts (6 vs. 9 g) and less "ready to eat" dishes (29 vs. 33 g). A Random Forest (RF) model was used to identify a dietary pattern associated with social deprivation. This pattern included an increased consumption of low-fat dairy products and white meat, and a decreased consumption of wine, leafy vegetables, seafood/shellfish, processed meat, red meat, dairy products, and eggs. ConclusionThe present study showed that social factors also define diet and eating habits. Subjects with higher levels of deprivation consume cheaper and more readily available food.
Efficacy of sunscreen with photolyase or regular sunscreen associated with topical antioxidants in treating advanced photodamage and cutaneous field cancerization: a randomized clinical trial; Background: Several treatments are available for skin with advanced photodamage, which is characterized by the presence of actinic keratoses (AK).
Basal Cell Carcinoma: An Evidence-Based Treatment Update; Background Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common skin cancer. Surgical excision remains the standard of treatment, but several alternative treatment modalities exist.
Topical therapy of atopic dermatitis with a focus on pimecrolimus; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a chronic and relapsing, inflammatory skin disease characterized by impaired skin barrier function and immune system dysregulation that results in dryness, skin microbiome dysbiosis and intense pruritus. It is highly heterogeneous, and its management is demanding. Patients with AD are at greater risk of comorbidities such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder as well as other atopic diseases. Early-onset AD cases typically improve or resolve in late childhood; however, it is proposed that the prevalence of persistent or adult-onset AD is higher than previously thought. Basic therapy consists of emollient application and trigger avoidance, and when insufficient, topical corticosteroids (TCS) are the first-line treatment. However, corticophobia/steroid aversion and TCS side-effects, particularly on sensitive skin areas, lead to low compliance and insufficient disease control. Several long- and short-term randomized controlled and daily practice studies have demonstrated that topical calcineurin inhibitors, such as pimecrolimus, have similar anti-inflammatory effects to low-to-medium strength TCS, reduce pruritus and improve the quality of life of patients. In addition, pimecrolimus does not cause skin atrophy, is steroid-sparing and has a good safety profile, with no evidence for an increased risk of malignancies or skin infections. In general, pimecrolimus cream is well-accepted and well-tolerated, encouraging patient adherence and leading to its use by many physicians as a preferred therapy for children and sensitive skin areas.
Topical photodynamic therapy for prevention of new skin lesions in renal transplant recipients; Preclinical data suggest that topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy may have potential in preventing new skin lesions in transplant recipients. An open intra-patient randomized study investigated the prevention potential of this treatment in 27 renal transplant patients with actinic keratoses and other skin lesions in two circular contralateral areas (5 cm diameter). The treatment area surface was debrided and methyl aminolevulinate cream (160 mg/g) was applied for 3 h prior to illumination by non-coherent red light (570-670 nm, light dose 75 J/cm(2)). The control area was not treated. The mean time to occurrence of the first new lesion was significantly longer in treated than control areas (9.6 vs 6.8 months, treatment difference 2.9 [95% confidence interval 0.2 to 5.5] months, p=0.034). Over 12 months, 62% (16/26) of treated areas were free from new lesions compared with 35% (9/26) in control areas. These findings indicate that topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy is a promising preventive treatment against new skin lesions in immunosuppressed patients.
Effect of rumen degradable protein with or without fermentable carbohydrate supplementation on blood metabolites and embryo survival in cattle; High intakes of dietary protein, particularly rumen degradable protein (RDP), lead to elevations in systemic concentrations Of ammonia and (or) urea and these may be increased further if associated with inadequate fermentable energy intake. High systemic concentrations of ammonia and urea have been associated with reduced reproductive performance in cattle. The objective of this study was to examine the effect of RDP and fermentable energy intake on a range of blood metabolites and on embryo survival in heifers.
What an anticardiovascular diet should be in 2015; Purpose of review
Genetic parameters for pelvic organ prolapse in purebred and crossbred sows; This study aimed to investigate genetic parameters for sow pelvic organ prolapse in purebred and crossbred herds. Pelvic organ prolapse was recorded as normal or prolapsed on the individual sow level across 32 purebred and 8 crossbred farms. In total, 75,162 purebred Landrace sows from a single maternal line were recorded between 2018 and 2023, while 18,988 commercial two-way crossbred (Landrace x Large White) sows were available between 2020 and 2023. There were 5,122,005 animals included in the pedigree. The prolapse in purebreds and crossbreds was considered two different traits in the model. Pedigrees of the crossbred sows were determined based on genotypes through parentage assignment. The average incidence rates were 1.81% and 3.93% for purebreds and crossbreds, respectively. The bivariate model incorporated fixed effects of parity group and region with random effects of contemporary group (farm and mating year and month at the first parity), additive genetic, and residual. Genetic parameter estimates were obtained using BLUPF90+ with the AIREML option. The estimated additive variance was larger in crossbreds than in purebreds. Estimates of heritability in the observed scale were 0.09 (0.006) for purebreds and 0.11 (0.014) for crossbreds, with a genetic correlation of 0.83 using a linear model. Results suggested that including data from crossbreds with higher incidence rate is beneficial and selection to reduce the prolapse incidence in purebred sow herds would also benefit commercial crossbred sow herds.
Topical Prevention of Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients: A Network Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aim: Radiation dermatitis is a common complication of radiation therapy in breast cancer patients. Severe dermatitis may alter treatment schedules and clinical outcomes. The topical prevention strategy is the widely used option to prevent radiation dermatitis. However, the comparison between the current topical prevention strategies is insufficient. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the topical prevention efficacy of radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer through a network meta-analysis. Patients and Methods: This study followed The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta -Analyses for Network Meta-Analyses guidelines. A random effects model was used to compare different treatments. The treatment modality ranking was evaluated using the P-score. I2 and Cochran's Q test were used to evaluate the heterogeneity among studies. Results: Forty-five studies were analyzed in this systematic review. A total of 19 studies were finally included in this meta-analysis for grade 3 or higher radiation dermatitis, which included 18 treatment arms and 2,288 patients. The forest plot showed that none of the identified regimens were superior to standard care. Conclusion: A more effective regimen than standard care for the prevention of grade 3 or higher radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients was not identified. Our network meta -analysis showed that current topical prevention strategies are similarly efficacious. However, since preventing severe radiation dermatitis is an important clinical challenge, further trials should be conducted to address this issue.
Effects of inbreeding in the dam on dystocia and stillbirths in US Holsteins; Dystocia scores were recorded by producers on 120,434 Holsteins (218,213 records) from 1985 through 1996; dystocia scores 3 to 5 were coded as difficult births. Stillbirths were recorded for deaths within the first 48 h after birth. Data were restricted to registered cows for pedigree completeness, and inbreeding coefficients were calculated using 5-generation pedigrees. Computational restrictions required that subsets of the data be created by choosing herds at random but using all records from selected herds. Effects of inbreeding in the dam were estimated in a sire-maternal grandsire (of the calf) threshold model using Gibbs sampling. The model included fixed effects of calf sex and inbreeding of the dam and random effects of herd-year-season of birth, additive genetic, and residual effects. First, second, and third parities were analyzed separately. Solutions for sex of calf and inbreeding from different parities were converted to expected change in probability of dystocia or stillbirth per 1% increase in inbreeding. Inbreeding effects were largest for first-parity cows giving birth to male calves at a 0.42% increase in probability of dystocia/1% increase in inbreeding. Effects of inbreeding for first-parity dams giving birth to female calves were smaller, 0.30%/1% increase in inbreeding. Incidence of stillbirths increased 0.25 and 0.20% for male and female calves/1% increase in inbreeding for first parity births. Effects of inbreeding on dystocia and stillbirths declined with parity. Effects of inbreeding were small, especially later parities, but were consistently unfavorable.
Antiretroviral drugs to prevent breastfeeding HIV transmission; Observational studies and randomized clinical trials demonstrating that antiretroviral prophylaxis of the breastfeeding infant or triple-drug antiretroviral prophylaxis of the lactating mother can significantly affect the risk of postnatal transmission of HIV via breast milk have recently become available. In resource-limited countries, breastfeeding is a cornerstone of infant survival. While shortening the duration of breastfeeding by HIV-infected women reduces postnatal HIV transmission, increasing data suggest this may also decrease overall infant survival. Thus, there is a crucial need for interventions to allow safer and more prolonged breastfeeding. This paper will critically review the results of studies of postnatal antiretroviral prophylaxis to prevent breast milk HIV transmission.
Epidemiological evidence for beta-carotene in prevention of cancer and cardiovascular disease; Objective and conclusions: This article gives an overview of observational and experimental epidemiological studies relating beta-carotene to risk of cancer and cardiovascular disease. Observational epidemiological studies have consistently shown that a diet rich in beta-carotene-rich fruits and vegetables or high blood levels of beta-carotene are associated with a reduced risk of cancer at a number of common sites, such as lung and stomach. For other cancer sites, such as prostate and breast, the observational evidence is not very consistent or absent altogether. For cardiovascular disease, observational studies are less numerous but do point to a protective effect of high beta-carotene intake. The associations from observational epidemiology may indeed be ascribed to beta-carotene, since a number of plausible preventive mechanisms have been demonstrated for cancer as well as cardiovascular disease. However, observational epidemiology cannot resolve the question whether other constituents from fruits and vegetables or other factors may explain the findings from the case-control and cohort studies. The results of intervention studies undertaken so far are disappointing and do not indicate a preventive potential for beta-carotene. Further intervention trials with longer follow-up may be needed to elucidate whether beta-carotene is protective against certain forms of cancer and against cardiovascular disease.
Are Breast Surgical Operations Clean or Clean Contaminated?; The breast surgeries are classically taught as clean surgical procedures. The infection rates following breast surgery ranges from 3 to 15 %, which is much higher than infection rates after clean surgery (ranging from 1.5 to 3 %). This high infection rate following breast surgery can be explained by opening of the ductal system to outside world through nipple similar to the gastrointestinal and genitourinary system. We conducted a systematic review of infection following breast surgeries. We searched various randomized controlled trials, meta-analysis, and Cochrane Reviews over PubMed and Medline via the Internet. These evidences were found to support the thesis, "Breast surgeries need to be reclassified as clean-contaminated". We recommend the use of prophylactic antibiotics in breast surgery.
Effect of metaphylactic administration of tildipirosin on the incidence of pneumonia and otitis and on the upper respiratory tract and fecal microbiome of preweaning Holstein calves; The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effect of the metaphylactic use of a semi-synthetic long-acting macrolide (tildipirosin) on the prevention of pneumonia and otitis in preweaning Holstein calves, as well as its effects on the microbiome of their upper respiratory tract (URT) and feces. Newborn healthy Holstein heifers, collectively housed, were randomly allocated to 1 of 2 treatment groups: treatment (TRT; n = 932) or control (CTR; n = 927). Calves in the TRT group received a single subcutaneous injection of 4 mg/kg tildipirosin (Zuprevo, Merck Animal Health) at 7 +/- 7 d of life. Calves in the CTR group received no drug injection. All enrolled calves were evaluated from 1 to 63 +/- 3 d of life (weaning age) and monitored daily for any adverse health events during this period. Daily physical examination was performed to diagnose pneumonia and otitis, and body weight was measured weekly in all animals. From a randomly selected subset of 217 calves, blood samples for biochemical variables analysis and swabs were collected weekly from the URT and rectum for analysis of the nasal and fecal micro biome, respectively, via next-generation sequencing of the 16S rRNA gene. Total bacterial load was evaluated using quantitative PCR. In addition, another subset of 26 calves was randomly selected and fecal swabs were collected in a more intensive sampling to investigate the short-term effect of tildipirosin administration on the fecal microbiome. We performed general mixed linear models and logistic regression to analyze continuous and binary outcomes, respectively. Tildipirosin metaphylaxis reduced the incidence of otitis (CTR = 47.03%; TRT = 37.55%) and tended to reduce the incidence of pneumonia (CTR = 20.71%; TRT = 17.38%) and the overall mortality risk (CTR = 6.69%; TRT = 4.94%). We observed no significant differences between groups for mortality due to pneumonia (CTR = 0.86%; TRT = 0.97%) or mortality due to otitis (CTR = 2.05%; TRT = 1.39%). Calves in the TRT group had a higher average daily gain than calves in the CTR group. Furthermore, metaphylaxis had no significant effects on the total bacterial load, genus, or phylum analysis of the fecal microbiome from the 2 subset groups. However, for the URT microbiota, we observed a significant decrease in total bacterial load for the TRT group compared to the CTR group 1 week after metaphylactic injection. Tildipirosin metaphylaxis decreased the mean relative abundance of the genera Mannheimia, Moraxella, and Pasteurella but significantly increased the mean relative abundance of Mycoplasma. Although tildipirosin had no positive effect on Mycoplasma, it reduced the mean relative abundance of important pathogenic bacteria in the URT and had positive effects for the control of otitis. The metaphylactic use of tildipirosin can be a suitable strategy for the control of otitis on farms with a high prevalence of this disease.
Higher serum PD-L1 level predicts increased overall survival with lapatinib versus trastuzumab in the CCTG MA.31 phase 3 trial; Background The purpose of this retrospective biomarker study of the Canadian Cancer Trials Group (CCTG) MA.31 randomized phase 3 trial (lapatinib vs trastuzumab) of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer (MBC) was to evaluate the prognostic and predictive biomarker utility of pretreatment serum programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) levels. Methods CCTG MA.31 accrued 652 HER2-positive patients; 387 had serum available (185 in the trastuzumab arm and 202 in the lapatinib arm). The Ella immunoassay platform (ProteinSimple, San Jose, California) was used to quantitate serum PD-L1 levels. Stepwise forward Cox multivariable analyses were performed for progression-free survival and overall survival (OS). Results In the whole trial population, continuous pretreatment serum PD-L1 levels were not associated with OS. However, within the trastuzumab arm, a higher continuous pretreatment serum PD-L1 level was significant for shorter OS (hazard ratio [HR], 3.85;P = .04), but within the lapatinib arm, pretreatment serum PD-L1 was not associated with OS (P = .37). In the whole trial, in a multivariable analysis for OS, serum PD-L1 (median cut point) remained a significant independent covariate (HR, 2.38;P = .001). There was a significant interaction between treatment arm and continuous serum PD-L1 (bootstrap method;P = .0025): at or above 214.2 pg/mL (the 89th percentile), serum PD-L1 was associated with significantly shorter OS with trastuzumab treatment versus lapatinib treatment. Conclusions In the CCTG MA.31 trial, serum PD-L1 was a significant predictive factor: a higher pretreatment serum PD-L1 level was associated with shorter OS with trastuzumab treatment but with longer OS with lapatinib treatment. Immune evasion may decrease the effectiveness of trastuzumab therapy. Further evaluation of elevated serum PD-L1 in advanced breast cancer is warranted to identify patients with HER2-positive MBC who may benefit from novel immune-targeted therapies in addition to trastuzumab.
Winter-feeding systems for gestating sheep I. Effects on pre- and postpartum ewe performance and lamb progeny preweaning performance; Mature pregnant crossbred ewes (n - 90) were used in a randomized complete block design and assigned to 1 of 3 winter-feeding systems differing in primary feed source: haylage (HL), limit-fed corn (CN), or limit-fed dried distillers grains (DDGS). Effects of these winter-feeding strategies on ewe and lamb performance were determined. Diets were formulated to meet or exceed NRC (1985) nutrient requirements during gestation and were fed from about d 60 of gestation until parturition. All ewes were fed a common diet postpartum. Every 2 wk during gestation, BW and BCS were collected and diets were adjusted to maintain similar BW gain for ewes fed CN and DDGS vs. HL. At 80 and 122 d of gestation, jugular blood samples were collected at 0, 3, 6, and 9 h postfeeding to measure plasma glucose, insulin, NEFA, and blood urea nitrogen concentrations. At birth, 6 lambs per treatment were killed to measure body composition. At 28 +/- 2 d postpartum, milk yield was measured. Lambs were weaned at 61 +/- 4 d of age. During mid gestation (d 60 to 115), BW gain of ewes was similar among treatments; however, at d 115 of gestation ewes fed HL had a smaller (P = 0.04) BCS than ewes fed DDGS or CN. Plasma glucose concentrations were greater (P <= 0.004) in ewes fed CN than in those fed HL or DDGS just before feeding on d 80 and 122 of gestation, whereas ewes fed DDGS vs. CN or HL had greater (P = 0.04) plasma insulin concentrations at 3 h postfeeding. At parturition, ewe BW was greatest for DDGS, least for HL, and intermediate for CN (P <= 0.003). Ewes fed CN and DDGS had greater BCS at parturition than those fed HL, but by weaning, ewes fed DDGS had greater BCS (P <= 0.05) than those fed CN or HL. Birth BW tended (P - 0.09) to be heavier for lambs from ewes fed CN and DDGS than from those fed HL prepartum, but there was no difference (P - 0.19) due to ewe gestation diet on lamb BW at weaning. At birth, lamb muscle, bone, organ, and fat measures were not affected (P > 0.13) by treatment. Ewe milk production and lamb preweaning ADG were also similar (P > 0.44) among treatments. Prepartum dam winter feed source did not have detrimental effects on pre- or postpartum ewe performance, but altered prepartum maternal nutrient supply during gestation, which affected birth weight but not preweaning growth or mortality.
Estrous cycle regulation of mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death in the Sprague-Dawley rat: A model for investigating the role of estrous cycling in mammary carcinogenesis; The Sprague-Dawley rat is highly regarded for studies designed to investigate the effects of endocrine modulation on mammary carcinogenesis. In this study, we further evaluate the validity of the Sprague-Dawley rat model for the study of human breast cancer by evaluating the effects of normal 4-day estrous cycling on mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptotic death. Trends in mammary gland development with stage of 4-day estrous cycle were evident. Mammary glands isolated from follicular and early luteal stages had predominantly ductal histoarchitecture, whereas glands isolated from mid-late luteal were predominantly lobuloalveolar. Quantitation of BrdU incorporation revealed that epithelial cell proliferation was eight-fold higher in metestrus and diestrus-l than in proestrus. Expression of beta -casein and whey acidic protein (WAP)(4) mRNA was also highly dependent on stage of estrous, with detection restricted to midcycle. Apoptotic cell death of mammary epithelium was found to be suppressed during the peak in cell proliferation. TRPM-2/clusterin mRNA was elevated when apoptosis was low and milk protein mRNA levels were high, consistent with putative roles for TRPM-2/clusterin in inhibiting cell death in regressing tissues and inducing mammary epithelial cell differentiation. Cell proliferation, differentiation, and death occurred only in a subset of epithelial cells per estrous cycle, and these cells appeared randomly distributed throughout multiple ductules and alveoli. These observations suggest that cellular response(s) to ovarian hormone-dependent signals is asynchronous. Cumulatively, these observations demonstrate that rat mammary epithelial cell proliferation, differentiation, and death are under the control of cycling ovarian hormones, similarly to the human mammary epithelium during the menstrual cycle.
Association of Eating Behavior, Nutritional Risk, and Frailty with Sarcopenia in Taiwanese Rural Community-Dwelling Elders: A Cross-Sectional Study; This cross-sectional study assessed the association of eating behavior, nutritional risk, and frailty with sarcopenia in 208 community-dwelling individuals aged >= 65 years who were recruited from random rural community care centers in Chiayi County, Taiwan. The participants' eating behavior was categorized into six categories. The gait speed (GS), grip strength, and appendicular skeletal muscle mass (ASM) were assessed based on these three parameters, which revealed that 50.9% of the participants had sarcopenia. In an adjusted model, water intake (odds ratio (OR) = 0.99, p = 0.044), dairy product intake (OR = 0.42, p = 0.049), body mass index (BMI) (OR = 0.77, p = 0.019), and marital status with widowed (OR = 0.31, p = 0.005) were significantly associated with sarcopenia. After eight steps of eliminating the least significant independent variable, age (p = 0.002), sex (p = 0.000), marital status with widowed (p = 0.001), water intake (p < 0.018), dairy product intake (p < 0.019), and BMI (p = 0.005) were found to be indispensable predictors of sarcopenia. The logistic regression model with these six indispensable variables had a predictive value of 75.8%. Longitudinal analyses are warranted to examine whether eating behavior is a risk factor for sarcopenia onset.
Fruit and vegetable intake and bone health in women aged 45 years and over: a systematic review; High fruit and vegetable intake may be associated with improved bone status among women aged a parts per thousand yen45 years. This is the first systematic review that specifically assessed this association and identified research gaps. The benefits of fruit and vegetables (F&V) on bone health remain unclear. Further studies are needed.
Effect of Micronutrient and Probiotic Fortified Yogurt on Immune-Function of Anti-Retroviral Therapy Naive HIV Patients; Background: Micronutrient supplementation has been shown to reduce the progression of HIV but does not have an effect on the intestinal barrier or the intestinal microbiota of HIV patients. Studies have suggested that probiotics could potentially complement micronutrients in preserving the immune-function of HIV patients. Objective: Assess the impact of micronutrient supplemented probiotic yogurt on the immune function of HIV patients. Design: We performed a randomized, double blind, controlled trial with CD4 count as primary outcome among HIV patients naive to anti-retroviral treatment. Secondary outcomes included hematological parameters, incidence of diarrhea and clinical symptoms. A total of 112 HIV patients were randomized to receive a micronutrient fortified yogurt with (n = 55) or without additional probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GR-1 (n = 57) for four weeks. Results: An average decline in CD4 count of -70 cells/mu L (95% CI: -154 to -15) was observed in the micronutrient, probiotic group versus a decrease of -63 cells/mu L (95% CI: -157 to -30) in the micronutrient control group (p = 0.9). Additional probiotic supplementation was well tolerated and not associated with adverse events. No difference between groups was detected in incidence of diarrhea or clinical symptoms. An improvement of hemoglobin levels was observed for all subjects, based upon a mean difference from baseline of 1.4 g/L (SD = 6) (p = 0.02). Conclusion: The addition of probiotics to a micronutrient fortified yogurt was well tolerated by HIV patients but was not associated with a further increase in CD4 count after one month.
Modifiable risk factors for age-related macular degeneration; Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the leading cause of irreversible blindness in Australia and other Western countries.
EFFECT OF FEEDING CLINOPTILOLITE (ZEOLITE) TO 3 STRAINS OF LAYING HENS; 1. One hundred and twenty 16-week-old, single combed pullets of three strains were fed on a diet containing 160 g protein/kg with or withut 50 g clinoptilolite/kg in a trial with 20 hens per treatment. Sterile river sand replaced clinoptilolite in the control diet in order to keep the diets isonergetic. 2. The hens were individually caged in a naturally-ventilated laying house and fed on one of the two diets for ten 28-d periods. 3. No significant dietary effects between treatments were  observed with respect to body weight, age at first egg, egg weight, Haugh scores or food intake/hen. 4. Significant dietary effects in favour of clinoptilolite feeding were noticed with the number of eggs laid per hen, shell thickness, efficiency of food utilisation, droppings moisture content and mortality. 5. Significant differences between strains were observed with respect to all measurements taken except food intake/hen d.
Five-year follow-up of a randomized, prospective trial of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy vs surgery for nodular basal cell carcinoma; Objective: To compare 5-year lesion recurrence rates in primary nodular basal cell carcinoma treated with topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy (PDT) or simple excision surgery.
Prophylaxis and management of acute radiation-induced skin toxicity: a survey of practice across Europe and the USA; Radiation-induced toxicity is a common adverse side effect of radiation therapy. Previous studies have demonstrated a lack of evidence to support common skincare advice for radiotherapy patients. The aim of the current study was to investigate the management of radiation-induced skin toxicity across Europe and the USA. Where previous surveys have focused on national practice or treatment of specific sites, the current study aimed to gain a broader representation of skincare practice. An anonymous online survey investigating various aspects of radiotherapy skincare management was distributed to departments across Europe and the USA (n = 181/737 responded i.e. 25%). The UK was excluded as a similar survey was carried out in 2011. The results highlight the lack of consistency in both the prevention and management of radiation-induced skin toxicity. Recommended products are often not based on evidence-based practice. Examples include the continued use of aqueous cream and gentian violet, as well as the recommendations on washing restrictions during treatment. To our knowledge, this is the most extensive survey to date on the current management of radiation-induced skin toxicity. This study highlights significant disparities between clinical practice and research-based evidence published in recent systematic reviews and guidelines. Ongoing large prospective randomised trials are urgently needed.
Disposable circumcision suture device: clinical effect and patient satisfaction; In our experience patients undergoing circumcision are mostly concerned about pain and penile appearances. We conducted a prospective randomized trial to assess the benefits of a new disposable circumcision suture device (DCSD). A total of 942 patients were equally divided into three groups (conventional circumcision, Shang ring and disposable suture device group). Patients in the DCSD group were anesthetized with compound 5% lidocaine cream, the others with a 2% lidocaine penile block. Operation time, intra-operative blood loss, incision healing time, intra-operative and post-operative pain, the penile appearance and overall satisfaction degree were measured. Operation time and intra-operative blood loss were significantly lower in the Shang ring and suture device groups compared to the conventional group (P < 0.001). Intra- operative pain was less in the suture device group compared with the other two groups (P < 0.001); whereas post-operative pain was higher in the conventional group compared to the other two groups (P < 0.001). Patients in the suture device (80.57%) and Shang ring (73.57%) groups were more satisfied with penile appearances compared with the conventional circumcision group (20.06%, P < 0.05). Patients in suture device group also healed markedly faster than the conventional group (P < 0.01). The overall satisfaction rate was better in the suture device group (78.66%) compared with the conventional (47.13%) and Shang ring (50.00%) groups (P < 0.05). The combination of DCSD and lidocaine cream resulted in shorter operation and incision healing times, reduced intra- operative and post-operative pain and improved patient satisfaction with the cosmetic appearances.
Multimodal analgesia with gabapentin and local anesthetics prevents acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer; We evaluated the effect of multimodal analgesia on acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer. Fifty patients scheduled for breast cancer surgery were blindly randomized to receive gabapentin, eutectic mixture of local anesthetics cream, and ropivacaine in the wound or three placebos. Pain (visual analog scale) and analgesics were recorded in the postanesthesia care unit (PACU) 3,6, and 9 h and 8 days after surgery. Three and 6 mo later, patients were assessed for chronic pain. The treatment group consumed less paracetamol in the PACU (469 versus 991 mg; P < 0.002) and less Lonalgal (R) (1.0 versus 4.4 tablets; P = 0.003) than the controls, exhibited lower visual analog scale scores at rest in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 1, 3, and 5 (P = 0.040, P = 0.015, and P = 0.045, respectively), and after movement in the PACU (P = 0.001) and on postoperative Days 2,4, and 8 (P = 0.028, P = 0.007, and P = 0.032, respectively). Three and 6 mo after surgery, 18 of 22 (82%) and 12 of 21 (57%) of the controls reported chronic pain versus 10 of 22 (45%) and 6 of 20 (30%) in the treatment group (P = 0.028 and P = 0.424, respectively); 5 of 22 and 4 of 21 of the controls required analgesics versus 0 of 22 and 0 of 20 of those treated (P = 0.048 and P = 0.107, respectively). Multimodal analgesia reduced acute and chronic pain after breast surgery for cancer.
A mixed effects model for overdispersed count data in animal breeding; Count data models are developed for animal breeding applications to account for more variability than in a Poisson mixed effects model. A gamma distribution is assigned to Poisson parameters, thereby leading to a negative binomial model. The natural log of the expected value of the Poisson parameter is expressed as a linear function of fixed and random polygenic effects. The negative binomial and Poisson mixed models were compared in two simulations. In the first, marginal maximum likelihood (MML) estimates of genetic variances obtained under a Poisson ''sire'' model (PSM) and under a Poisson ''animal'' model (PAM), accounting for half-sib relationships, were different, contrary to what occurs in a Gaussian mixed linear model. MML estimates of genetic variance under a negative binomial ''sire'' model were less biased than estimates under a PSM, and had a slightly smaller mean squared error (MSE). The second simulation compared ''animal'' models in which the variance of the residuals was larger than the genetic variance. Empirical relative bias and MSE of MML estimates of genetic variance were larger under a PAM that ignored the residuals than under a negative binomial animal model. Differences in performance widened as genetic variance increased. An application to the analysis of number of artificial inseminations until conception in dairy heifers is presented to illustrate potential differences in genetic variance estimates under the two animal models.
Scientific Opinion on Dietary Reference Values for selenium; Following a request from the European Commission, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies (NDA) derived Dietary Reference Values (DRVs) for selenium. The levelling off of plasma selenoprotein P (SEPP1) concentration was considered indicative of an adequate supply of selenium to all tissues and to reflect saturation of the functional selenium body pool, ensuring that selenium requirement is met. This criterion was used for establishing DRVs for selenium in adults. Evidence from human studies on the relationship between selenium intake and plasma SEPP1 concentration was reviewed. Given the uncertainties in available data on this relationship, they were considered insufficient to derive an Average Requirement. An Adequate Intake (AI) of 70 mu g/day for adults was set. A review of observational studies and randomised controlled trials that investigated the relationship between selenium and health outcomes did not provide evidence for additional benefits associated with selenium intake beyond that required for the levelling off of SEPP1. No specific indicators of selenium requirements were available for infants, children or adolescents. For infants aged 7-11 months, an AI of 15 mu g/day was derived by extrapolating upwards from the estimated selenium intake with breast milk of younger exclusively breast-fed infants, taking into account differences in reference body weights. For children and adolescents, the AIs for selenium were extrapolated from the AI for adults by isometric scaling and application of a growth factor. AIs range from 15 mu g/day for children aged one to three years to 70 mu g/day for adolescents aged 15-17 years. Considering that adaptive changes in the metabolism of selenium occur during pregnancy, the AI set for adult women applies to pregnancy. For lactating women, an additional selenium intake of 15 mu g/day was estimated to cover the amount of selenium secreted in breast milk, and an AI of 85 mu g/day was set. (C) European Food Safety Authority, 2014
Influence of Acute Multispecies and Multistrain Probiotic Supplementation on Cardiovascular Function and Reactivity to Psychological Stress in Young Adults: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial; Objective: The potential influence of probiotic supplementation on cardiovascular health and stress responsivity remains largely unexplored. Some evidence suggests the possibility that probiotics may influence blood pressure. A separate body of research suggests that exaggerated cardiovascular reactions to acute psychological stress in the laboratory predict cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The current investigation explored the effect of acute probiotic use on (1) resting cardiovascular measures in healthy young adults and (2) cardiovascular and psychological reactions to an acute psychological stressor in the laboratory.
Evaluation of Concomitant Use of Anticancer Drugs and Herbal Products: From Interactions to Synergic Activity; Simple Summary Complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) therapies include a wide range of procedures and products that are often used by cancer patients to directly combat cancer and to protect normal cells from the toxic effects of conventional therapies. Most often, their use is self-prescribed based on a collection of scattered information from websites and advice from relatives or friends. In this paper, we examined the potential known benefits and harms associated with the most commonly used alternative treatments to provide a practical guide for caregivers and patients. CAM is used by about 40% of cancer patients in Western Countries, with peaks of 80% for breast cancer patients. Cancer patients use CAM to boost immune function, to control cancer symptoms and treatment-related side effects, and to improve health-related quality of life (HR-QoL) and survival. Unfortunately, self-prescription of natural remedies in cancer patients can lead to unexpected toxicities and can reduce the effectiveness of cancer therapy. Although CAM usually refers to all the "natural or organic" products/methods that are generally considered less toxic, there are concerns about drug interactions, especially in patients participating in clinical trials with experimental agents. Despite the claims of the promising and potential benefits made by prescribers, many CAMs lack clear scientific evidence of their safety and efficacy. Given the widespread use of CAM-both clearly declared and overt-in this review, we focused on the most important known data on the risk of interactions between biologics and oncology drugs with the goal of opening up CAM in accordance with the meaning of integrative medicine.
Supplementation with multiple micronutrients for breastfeeding women for improving outcomes for the mother and baby; Background
The Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Health A Critical Review; The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), abundant in minimally processed plant-based foods, rich in monounsaturated fat from olive oil, but lower in saturated fat, meats, and dairy products, seems an ideal nutritional model for cardiovascular health. Methodological aspects of Mediterranean intervention trials, limitations in the quality of some meta-analyses, and other issues may have raised recent controversies. It remains unclear whether such limitations are important enough as to attenuate the postulated cardiovascular benefits of the MedDiet. We aimed to critically review current evidence on the role of the MedDiet in cardiovascular health. We systematically searched observational prospective cohorts and randomized controlled trials which explicitly reported to assess the effect of the MedDiet on hard cardiovascular end points. We critically assessed all the original cohorts and randomized controlled trials included in the 5 most comprehensive meta-analyses published between 2014 and 2018 and additional prospective studies not included in these meta-analyses, totaling 45 reports of prospective studies (including 4 randomized controlled trials and 32 independent observational cohorts). We addressed the existing controversies on methodology and other issues. Some departures from individual randomization in a subsample of the landmark Spanish trial (PREDIMED [Prevencion con Dieta Mediterranea]) did not represent any clinically meaningful attenuation in the strength of its findings and the results of PREDIMED were robust in a wide range of sensitivity analyses. The criteria for causality were met and potential sources of controversies did not represent any reason to compromise the main findings of the available observational studies and randomized controlled trials. The available evidence is large, strong, and consistent. Better conformity with the traditional MedDiet is associated with better cardiovascular health outcomes, including clinically meaningful reductions in rates of coronary heart disease, ischemic stroke, and total cardiovascular disease.
Sources, routes, and frequency of pesticide exposure among farmers; Little data on the prevalence of acute and chronic pesticide exposure among farmers and the frequency of protective gear use are available. This report presents results of a cross-sectional study of pesticide behaviors among dairy farmers certified to apply pesticides to field crops. Private dairy farmers residing in six adjacent Wisconsin counties were randomly selected and contacted by telephone for interview. One hundred ninety-one farmers completed the interview (response rate, 76.4%). Twelve percent reported never or almost never wearing gloves during application, and 53.7% reported never or almost never wearing other protective gear. Thirty-two percent reported dermal exposure, and 32.0% reported inhaling pesticides during last application. Findings suggest that exposure to pesticides was frequent in this sample, whereas use of personal protective equipment was not routine.
Repeated measures analyses of dermatitis symptom evolution in breast cancer patients receiving radiotherapy in a phase 3 randomized trial of mometasone furoate vs placebo (N06C4 [alliance]); Radiotherapy-related dermatological toxicities over time have not been well quantified. We examined during and immediately following radiation therapy skin toxicities over time in a randomized study of mometasone furoate vs placebo during breast radiotherapy.
