Very-low-dose aspirin and surveillance colonoscopy is cost-effective in secondary prevention of colorectal cancer in individuals with advanced adenomas: network meta-analysis and cost-effectiveness analysis; BackgroundIndividuals with advanced colorectal adenomas (ACAs) are at high risk for colorectal cancer (CRC), and it is unclear which chemopreventive agent (CPA) is safe and cost-effective for secondary prevention. We aimed to determine, firstly, the most suitable CPA using network meta-analysis (NMA) and secondly, cost-effectiveness of CPA with or without surveillance colonoscopy (SC).MethodsSystematic review and NMA of randomised controlled trials were performed, and the most suitable CPA was chosen based on efficacy and the most favourable risk-benefit profile. The economic benefits of CPA alone, 3 yearly SC alone, and a combination of CPA and SC were determined using the cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA) in the Malaysian health-care perspective. Outcomes were reported as incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) in 2018 US Dollars ($) per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY), and life-years (LYs) gained.ResultsAccording to NMA, the risk-benefit profile favours the use of aspirin at very-low-dose (ASAVLD,<= 100 mg/day) for secondary prevention in individuals with previous ACAs. Celecoxib is the most effective CPA but the cardiovascular adverse events are of concern. According to CEA, the combination strategy (ASAVLD with 3-yearly SC) was cost-saving and dominates its competitors as the best buy option. The probability of being cost-effective for ASAVLD alone, 3-yearly SC alone, and combination strategy were 22%, 26%, and 53%, respectively. Extending the SC interval to five years in combination strategy was more cost-effective when compared to 3-yearly SC alone (ICER of $484/LY gain and $1875/QALY). However, extending to ten years in combination strategy was not cost-effective.ConclusionASAVLD combined with 3-yearly SC in individuals with ACAs may be a cost-effective strategy for CRC prevention. An extension of SC intervals to five years can be considered in resource-limited countries.
Non-pharmacological intervention for breathlessness in lung cancer; Objective - To evaluate the effect of non-pharmacological intervention for breathlessness in lung cancer on breathlessness ratings and patient functioning.
Polyphenols as adjunctive treatments in psychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders: Efficacy, mechanisms of action, and factors influencing inter-individual response; The pathophysiology of psychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders is complex and multifactorial. Polyphenols possess a range of potentially beneficial mechanisms of action that relate to the implicated pathways in psy-chiatric and neurodegenerative disorders. The aim of this review is to highlight the emerging clinical trial and preclinical efficacy data regarding the role of polyphenols in mental and brain health, elucidate novel mecha-nisms of action including the gut microbiome and gene expression, and discuss the factors that may be responsible for the mixed clinical results; namely, the role of interindividual differences in treatment response and the potentially pro-oxidant effects of some polyphenols. Further clarification as part of larger, well con-ducted randomized controlled trials that incorporate precision medicine methods are required to inform clinical efficacy and optimal dosing regimens.
Validation of Botanical Treatment Efficiency for Adults and Children Suffering from Mild to Moderate Atopic Dermatitis; Objective: The study was conducted to determine the efficiency of the botanicals combination incorporated in the Kamedis Eczema Therapy Cream (the tested product) for adults and children suffering from mild to moderate Atopic Dermatitis.
<i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae</i> var. <i>boulardii</i> CNCM I-1079 and <i>Lactobacillus acidophilus</i> BT1386 influence innate immune response and serum levels of acute-phase proteins during weaning in Holstein calves; The aims of this study were to investigate the effect of Saccharomyces cerevisiae var. boulardii CNCM I-1079 (SCB) or Lactobacillus acidophilus BT1386 (LA) on (1) innate immune response, (2) markers of acute-phase reaction, and (3) immune gene expression of rumen and ileum tissues of Holstein calves. Forty eight calves (similar to 5 d old) were randomly allocated to four treatments as follows: (1) control (CTRL) fed milk replacer followed by starter feed, (2) CTRL supplemented with SCB in milk and feed, (3) CTRL supplemented with LA in milk and feed, and (4) CTRL supplemented with antibiotics (ATB; chlortetracycline and neomycin in milk, and chlortetracycline in feed). Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) decreased (P < 0.05) on day 66 (post-weaning) for the ATB-treated calves. There were no treatment effects on production of interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) proteins and on expression of TLR4, TLR6, TLR9, TLRI0, CLDN3, MUC1, and MUC20 genes. Calves fed SCB or LA had a greater (P < 0.05) oxidative burst at weaning (day 53) compared with CTRL. Oxidative burst was also greater (P < 0.05) after weaning (day 59 and day 87) for SCB-fed calves. Calves fed SCB and ATB had higher (P < 0.05) phagocytosis activity during weaning (day 47) compared with CTRL. The concentration of serum amyloid A2 (SAA2) increased (P < 0.05) in SCB- and LA-fed calves (day 53), whereas the concentration of C-reactive protein (CRP) increased (P < 0.05) in SCB-fed calves during weaning as compared with CTRL. Our results suggest that SCB could improve innate immune response (oxidative burst and phagocytosis) and markers of acute-phase reaction (CRP and SAA2), especially during critical periods like weaning.
A systematic review of intravaginal testosterone for the treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy; Objectives: Intravaginal testosterone has emerged as a potential treatment for vulvovaginal atrophy (VVA) in women, in general, and women taking an aromatase inhibitor (AI). A systematic review of the literature was undertaken to determine whether available clinical trial data support efficacy and safety of intravaginal testosterone for the treatment of VVA.
Calcium and vitamin D intake and risk of incident premenstrual syndrome; Background: Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is one of the most common disorders of premenopausal women. Studies suggest that blood calcium and vitamin D levels are lower in women with PMS and that calcium supplementation may reduce symptom severity, but it is unknown whether these nutrients may prevent the initial development of PMS.
Thalidomide Improves Psoriasis-like Lesions and Inhibits Cutaneous VEGF Expression without Alteration of Microvessel Density in Imiquimod-induced Psoriatic Mouse Model; Background: Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disorder of unknown etiology. Increasing evidence suggests that psoriasis is probably an angiogenesis-dependent disease. Thalidomide has been reported being able to inhibit the effects of fibroblast growth factor 2 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and inhibit tumour necrosis factor-alpha synthesis, and suppress tumour necrosis factor-induced nuclear factor-kappa B activation in Jurkat cells, resulting in suppression of proliferation inflammation, angiogenesis, and the immune system, which are related to the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
Dietary Intake of Branched-Chain Amino Acids and Risk of Colorectal Cancer; Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) are essential amino acids, and emerging evidence suggests that BCAAs may mediate pathways related to cancer progression, possibly due to their involvement in insulin metabolism. We investigated the association between dietary intake of BCAAs with colorectal cancer risk in three prospective cohorts: the Nurses' Health Study I [(NHS), number of participants (n) at baseline = 77,017], NHS II (n = 92,984), and the Health Professionals Follow-up Study [(HPFS) n = 47,255]. Validated food frequency questionnaires were administered every 4 years and follow-up questionnaires on lifestyle biennially. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression models. Pooled HRs were obtained using random effect models. After up to 28 years of follow-up, 1,660 cases were observed in NHS, 306 in NHS II, and 1,343 in HPFS. In multivariable adjusted models, we observed a weak inverse association between BCAA intake and colorectal cancer [highest vs. lowest quintile, pooled HR including all three cohorts (95% CI): 0.89 (0.80-1.00), P-trend = 0.06, HR per standard deviation (SD) increment 0.95 (0.92-0.99)]. However, after including dairy calcium to the models, BCAA intake was no longer associated with risk of colorectal cancer [HR 0.96 (0.85-1.08), P-trend = 0.50, HR per SD increment 0.97 (0.93-1.01)]. We did not find evidence that higher dietary BCAA intake is associated with higher risk of colorectal cancer. As this is the first prospective study to examine the association between BCAA intake and colorectal cancer, our findings warrant investigation in other cohorts.
THE EFFECTS OF SYNBIOTIC SUPPLEMENTATION ON SERUM INFLAMMATORY MARKERS AND EDEMA VOLUME IN BREAST CANCER SURVIVORS WITH LYMPHEDEMA; Breast cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) is one of the most common complications of breast cancer treatments, which may be exacerbated by obesity. Dysbiosis may negatively impact the management of obesity and lymphedema by increasing inflammation. The objective of this study was to assess the effects of supplementation with synbiotics on inflammatory markers, serum leptin concentration and edema volume in overweight and obese BCRL women following a low-calorie diet (LCD). In a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial, 88 breast cancer survivors with lymphedema were supplemented once a day for 10 weeks with either a synbiotic or a placebo capsule. Both groups were under a low-calorie diet (LCD). At the end of the study, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in leptin (P=0.003) and TNF-alpha (P=0.039) between the study groups. Besides, edema volume was significantly reduced within the synbiotic group after the intervention. We did not observe any significant effects of the synbiotic supplementation in hs-CRP, and IL-1 beta between the study groups (P=0.550, P=0.118 respectively). Conclusively, synbiotic supplementation along with an LCD program in breast cancer survivors with lymphedema had beneficial effects on the concentration of serum inflammatory markers and edema volume.
Evaluation of goat based 'Indigenous vaccine' against Bovine Johne's Disease in endemically infected native cattle herds; 'Indigenous vaccine' prepared from 'Indian Bison Type' a native bio-type of Mycobacterium aviunz subspecies paratuberculosis strain 'S5' of goat origin (goat based) was evaluated in indigenous cattle herds located in gaushalas (cow shelters), endemic for Bovine Johne's disease. Cows (893) were randomly divided into vaccinated (702 = 626 adults + 76 calves) and control (191 = 173 adults + 18 calves) groups. Response to vaccination was evaluated on the basis of health (mortality, morbidity), productivity (growth rate, reproductive performance, total milk yield), immunological parameters (LTT, ELISA titer), survivability of animals naturally infected with MAP, bacterimia (by specific blood PCR), seroconversion (by indigenous ELISA) and status of shedding of MAP in feces (by microscopy) in the two groups before and after vaccination. Reduction in MAP shedding [to the extent of 100% in Herd A; and from 82.1% (0 DPV) to 10.7% (270 DPV) in Herd C] was the major finding in vaccinated cows. Whereas, the control group cows have shown no improvement. As the first indicator of vaccine efficacy, MAP bacilli disappeared from the blood circulation as early as 15 days post vaccination, however, peak titers were achieved around 90 DPV. Peak titers initially declined slightly but were maintained later throughout the study period. Control animals did not show any pattern in antibody titers. Mortality was low in vaccinated as compared to the control groups. Vaccination of endemically infected native cattle herds with inactivated whole-cell bacterin of novel 'Indian Bison Type' bio-type of goat origin strain `S5' effectively restored health and productivity and reduced clinical BID. Application of goat based 'indigenous vaccine' for therapeutic management of BID in native cattle herds (gaushalas) is the first of its kind.
Design and baseline characteristics of a trial on health effects of soy protein with isoflavones in postmenopausal women; This study is a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial to assess the effects of high amounts of phytoestrogens on bone mineral density, cardiovascular diseases, cognitive function, performance in activities of daily life and well being. Participants were healthy postmenopausal women, aged 60-75 years. Between March and September 2000, 202 women were recruited, and, after completion of the baseline measurements, randomized to either soy protein, containing 99 mg naturally occurring isoflavones or placebo (milk protein) daily for 1 year. Analysis of the endpoints will be based on the difference between baseline measurements and measurements at the end of the intervention period with group allocation as independent variable. (C) 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A genetic predisposition for bovine neonatal pancytopenia is not due to mutations in coagulation factor XI; Bovine neonatal pancytopenia (BNP) is a newly emerging disease in many European countries that causes haemorrhagic diathesis and mortality in neonatal calves. This study tested the hypothesis that genetic factors might be involved in BNP, since genetic defects resulting in coagulation disorders have been described in many species, including cattle. A familial pattern of occurrence of BNP cases was observed in an experimental population of cattle in Germany and BNP was diagnosed in nine calves on an experimental dairy herd from May 2007 to December 2009. All affected calves were descendents of a single F-1 sire in a specific F-2 resource population generated from Charolais and German Holstein bloodlines.
Sociodemographic Factors Predicting Exclusive Breastfeeding in Ethiopia: Evidence from a Meta-analysis of Studies Conducted in the Past 10 Years; Objectives To investigate the association between EBF and educational status, household income, marital status, media exposure, and parity in Ethiopia.
CONNECTION BETWEEN GSH (GLUTATHIONE) BLOOD-LEVELS AND MEAT AND FAT GROWTH AND VITALITY OF DIFFERENT SHEEP BREEDS AND CROSSES; Interrelationships between GSH contents and growth capacity, possible dependence of mortality on GSH metabolism and differences in the GSH concentration were investigated. Samples were taken from 148 reared and 12 perished lambs of Merionoland, Eastfriesian milk and Black faced mutton sheep and their crossbreds. The lambs were raised with their mothers, weighed fortnightly. A random sample of 90 lambs were slaughtered at a weight of 42-45 kg and carcass dissected. At the age of 7,21, 77 and 125 days whole blood GSH was measured. Following results were obtained: 1. The GSH content is significantly positively correlated with body weight as well as with growth intensity, above all to the daily meat gain both between and within groups, which indicates the importance of GSH for protein synthesis and growth. 2. In comparison to reared animals, perished lambs show a significantly reduced GSH level, pointing to an insufficient adaptation of GSH metabolism and therefore presumably to an insufficient protection against oxidative damage. 3. Though there are to some extent statistically significant differences between the groups, heterotic effects and maternal and paternal effects are not uniform in all crosses.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
Interventions for cutaneous Bowen's disease; Background
Phase III trial of an emulsion containing trolamine for the prevention of radiation dermatitis in patients with advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck:: Results of radiation therapy oncology group trial 99-13; Purpose This multicentered phase III trial was designed to compare an emulsion containing trolamine against the usual supportive care within each participating institution for patients with head and neck cancer undergoing radiation therapy.
Factors influencing inflammatory diseases in the bitch and the survival of her offsprings; Feeding raw meat is becoming increasingly common among dog owners. This feeding practice can pose a hygienic risk and can lead to health risks for dogs and their owners. Hygienically sound food rations, that are balanced in terms of all nutrients and energy, must be feed to breeding dogs. The aim of this study was to record the influence of raw feeding on the occurrence of mastitis, metritis and the survival of puppies. An online questionnaire was sent to kennel club registered dog breeders in Germany and Switzerland. A total of 531 litters were recorded and evaluated. Mastitis and/or metritis were present in 9,2 % and 2,8 % (n = 49 and n = 15, respectively) of the breeding bitches. 29 % (n = 154) of the breeders reported loss of puppies in the litter. The most common cause were stillbirths (n = 105 litters with 187 stillborn puppies), and/or early mortality (n = 50 litters with 73 puppies that died in the first 48 hours). The occurrence of puppy losses in the litter and/or a higher proportion of puppy losses in the litter was favored by increased body weight of the bitch in larger dog breeds, existing previous illnesses, previously reported gestation or postpartum problems, increasing length of the parturition phase and/or a cesarean section. A higher total number of surviving puppies was associated with increased weight and anamnestic reported health of the bitch and the use of milk powder instead of other milk substitutes. A relationship between raw feeding and the occurrence of mastitis, metritis, the total number of surviving puppies and/or the occurrence or proportion of pup losses in the litter and was not found in this study. However very few breeders in this cohort fed their bitches raw, which in turn was due to the random selection of breeders. Many years of breeding experience and the increasing parity of the bitch had a clearly positive influence on the health of the bitch.
Nutritional variation and cardiovascular risk factors in Tanzania - rural-urban difference; Objective. To assess the relationship between dietary factors and cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in middle-aged men and women, in urban, rural and pastoral settings in Tanzania.
Mendelian Randomization: How It Can-and Cannot-Help Confirm Causal Relations between Nutrition and Cancer; Observational epidemiologic studies of nutrition and cancer have faced formidable methodologic obstacles, including dietary measurement error and confounding. We consider whether Mendelian randomization can help surmount these obstacles. The Mendelian randomization strategy, building on both the accuracy of genotyping and the random assortment of alleles at meiosis, involves searching for an association between a nutritional exposure-mimicking gene variant (a type of "instrumental variable") and cancer outcome. Necessary assumptions are that the gene is independent of cancer, given the exposure, and also independent of potential confounders. An allelic variant can serve as a proxy for diet and other nutritional factors through its effects on either metabolic processes or consumption behavior. Such a genetic proxy is measured with little error and usually is not confounded by nongenetic characteristics. Examples of potentially informative genes include LCT (lactase), ALDH2 (aldehyde dehydrogenase), and HFE (hemochromatosis), proxies, respectively, for dairy product intake, alcoholic beverage drinking, and serum iron levels. We show that use of these and other genes in Mendelian randomization studies of nutrition and cancer may be more complicated than previously recognized and discuss factors that can invalidate the instrumental variable assumptions or cloud the interpretation of these studies. Sample size requirements for Mendelian randomization studies of nutrition and cancer are shown to be potentially daunting; strong genetic proxies for exposure are necessary to make such studies feasible. We conclude that Mendelian randomization is not universally applicable, but, under the right conditions, can complement evidence for causal associations from conventional epidemiologic studies.
A Comprehensive Review of Treatment Approaches for Cutaneous and Genital Warts; Cutaneous and genital warts are common in both developed as well as developing countries. Human papillomavirus (HPV), which is a double-stranded DNA virus, is the causative agent of wart infection. Different types of HPV viruses are responsible for the different severity of diseases. Some types are associated with malignancy of the anal region and cervix. HPV is a common sexually transmitted disease in the United States. The incidence is most common in the younger age groups and the elderly population. Our main goal is to describe the different treatment modalities available for warts. Treatment modalities are divided into primary, secondary, and tertiary options. Topical medications, and physical excision of warts via cryotherapy, electrocautery, lasers, or photodynamic therapy are all common forms of treatment. Various clinical trials and randomized control trials have been seen as effective treatment against HPV infection. Higher remission rates are seen irrespective of different treatment options. Warts can be treated but the HPV virus cannot be completely removed. Older age, immunocompromised state, diabetes mellitus, and HIV are the predisposing factors for the disease. There is currently a large variety of medicines in use, all of which can differ significantly in terms of price, side-effect profiles, dosing regimens, length of therapy, and overall effectiveness. The best course of treatment has not yet been identified, and patients are often treated according to their unique needs.
Determinants of elevated chemerin as a novel biomarker of immunometabolism: data from a large population-based cohort; Objective: Chemerin is a novel inflammatory biomarker suggested to play a role in the development of metabolic disorders, providing new avenues for treatment and prevention. Little is known about the factors that predispose elevated chemerin concentrations. We therefore aimed to explore a range of lifestyle-associated, dietary, and metabolic factors as potential determinants of elevated chemerin concentrations in asymptomatic adults.
Larvicidal action of (+)- camphor and (+)- isopinocamphone arilsulphonyl derivatives on Boophilus microplus cattle tick; It was investigated the acaricidal activity of (+)- camphor and (+)- isopinocamphone arilsulphonyl derivatives against Boophilus microplus cattle tick. The products were obtained through the camphor and isopinocamphone clorosulfonation. Thirty-three products were submitted to solubilization and tested alone and together, against tick larvae. Ticks were caught in filter paper envelopes impregnated with products, which were incubated under controlled conditions. The average mortality did not reach 5% in all trials, indicating that clorosulfonation is not an appropiate procedure to obtain derivatives with larvicidal effect against B. microplus. The 33 products tested in the biological screening could not be considered as potential acaricides.
EFFECT OF DIFFERENTIAL PARITY THROUGH 5 GENERATIONS ON INCIDENCE OF TUMORS IN C3HF MICE; Age-specific rates and incidence of mammary tumors were compared in a primiparous and a multiparous line of inbred mice bred for 5 generations from the same original brother X sister pair of mice free of the milk factor. The primiparous line developed tumors earlier and at a higher rate. First daughters of the multiparous line tended to revert to the higher rate. Virus particles of both types A and B were found. They were morphologically identical with those previously described in mammary tumors. Tumors in the families of both the multiparous and the primiparous lines were randomly distributed. Within the multiparous line, mothers without tumors at death yielded offspring with mammary tumors. A viral agent is transmitted at the time of conception through the cytoplasm of the ova or sperm or both, a concept similar to that of the CO2 sensitivity factor in Drosophila, i.e., hereditary symbiosis.
Cheese consumption on atherosclerosis, atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases and its complications: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study; Background and aim: Evidence from prospective cohort studies has revealed an inverse association between cheese consumption and the development of atherosclerosis (AS), atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases (ASCVD), and their complications. However, it remains unclear whether this observed association is influenced by potential confounding factors that may arise during the long-term development process of AS, ASCVD, and its complications. Therefore, to further clarify the causal relationship between cheese consumption and AS, ASCVD, and its complications, we conducted a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis to explore the causal association between cheese intake and the aforementioned health outcomes. Methods and results: We employed a two-sample MR analysis based on publicly available genomewide association studies (GWAS) to infer the causal relationship, with no overlap between their participating populations. The effect estimates were calculated using the random-effects inversevariance-weighted method. Sensitivity analyses were conducted using Cochran's Q statistic, funnel plot, leave-one-out analysis, and MR-Egger intercept tests. The genetically predicted cheese intake was found to be associated with lower risks of coronary AS (odds ratio [OR] = 0.72, 95 % confi- dence interval [CI] 0.59-0.88, P = 0.001), peripheral vascular AS (OR = 0.56, 95 % CI 0.37-0.84, P = 0.006), other vascular AS (OR = 0.66, 95 % CI 0.44-0.99, P = 0.043), coronary artery disease (OR = 0.64, 95 % CI 0.56-0.74, P = 1.57e-09), angina pectoris (OR = 0.70, 95 % CI 0.58-0.84, P = 4.92e-05), myocardial infarction (OR = 0.63, 95 % CI 0.52-0.77, P = 3.56e-06), heart failure (OR = 0.62, 0.49-0.79, P = 1.20e-04), total ischemic stroke (OR = 0.76, 95 % CI 0.63-0.91, P = 0.003), peripheral artery disease (OR = 0.64, 95 % CI 0.43-0.95, P = 0.028), and cognitive impairment (OR = 0.65, 95 % CI 0.56-0.74, P = 3.40e-10). However, no associations were observed for cerebrovascular AS, arrhythmia, cardiac death, ischemic stroke (large artery AS), ischemic stroke (small vessel), ischemic stroke (cardioembolic), and transient ischemic attack. Conclusion: This two-sample MR analysis reveals a causally inverse association between cheese intake and multi-vascular AS (including coronary AS, peripheral vascular AS, and other vascular AS), as well as multiple types of ASCVD and its complications (such as coronary artery disease, angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, heart failure, total ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease). The findings from this study may lay a stronger theoretical foundation and present new opportunities for the dietary management of future atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases.
In ovo validation model to assess the efficacy of commercial prebiotics on broiler performance and oxidative stability of meat; The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of in ovo injection of 2 different prebiotics, DiNovo (DN; Laminaria spp., extract containing laminarin and fucoidan) and Bi(2)tos (BI; non-digestive transgalactooligosaccharides from milk lactose digested with Bifidobacterium bifidum NCIMB 41171), on growth, slaughter traits, intramuscular fat percentage (IF) and muscle fiber diameter, and lipid oxidation of meat in chickens reared under commercial conditions, following an in ovo trial protocol. On d 12 of embryonic incubation, 350,560 Ross 308 eggs were randomly divided into 3 experimental groups and automatically injected in ovo with: physiological saline (control group), BI at dose of 3.5 mg/embryo and DN at dose of 0.88 mg/embryo. Hatched chicks (males and females) were allocated dependent on treatment group into 3 poultry houses on each farm (3 farms in total) with a stocking density of 21.2 to 21.5 chicks/m(2). At 42 d of age, 14 randomly chosen birds (7 males and 7 females), per each treatment from each farm, were individually weighed and slaughtered. The results showed no significant differences of final number of chickens/chicken house, mortality, BW per treatment, stocking density (kg/m(2)), feed intake, feed conversion rate (FCR), and European Broiler Index among 3 experimental groups. Treatments with BI and DN were associated with slight increases (P > 0.05) in average BW and a minor improvement (P > 0.05) of FCR in BI group. Slaughtered chickens from DN and BI treated groups had significantly increase of BW, carcass weight, carcass yield, and breast muscle weight compared with the control group. IF and muscle fiber diameter were similar among groups. Males had significantly higher slaughter traits compared to females, except for breast muscle yield. The prebiotic treatments led to a higher lipid oxidation in meat, even if the detected TBA reactive substances were below the critical value recognized for meat acceptability. In conclusion, in ovo administration of prebiotics was associated with improvements in a number of parameters of relevance to commercial poultry production.
Effects of Two-Month Consumption of 30 g a Day of Soy Protein Isolate or Skimmed Curd Protein on Blood Lipid Concentration in Russian Adults with Hyperlipidemia; Recently the American Heart Association has reported that favorable effects of soy protein on blood lipids were characteristic only for high amounts of soy protein and not observed for an intake less than 30 g/d. However. the period of the studies with the smaller amount was 4-6 wk and we thought a longer study was necessary for the conclusion. The death rate by heart disease is very high in Russia; therefore, we have done this study in Russian subjects with hyperlipidemia. Prior to the study we tried to find a favorable method for subjects to take 30 g protein a day from soybean protein isolate (SPI) or skimmed curd protein (SMP) and decided to use Russian style cookies. Thirty subjects with hyperlipidemia were recruited; however. due to the 5-mo long study 28 of them (19 females and 9 males aged 50+/-2 y) could complete the trial. They were randomly assigned to two groups and were given either cookie for 2 mo separated by a month-long washout interval in a cross-over design. Fasting blood samples were drawn before and after the dietary treatments. Fasting blood samples at 1 mo were also measured as a health check and to observe the trends of the blood parameters in the middle of the study period. Serum samples were used for the lipid and other biochemical measurements. Every month for 3 non-consecutive days, energy and nutrient intakes were assessed and physical activity was estimated by pedometer. With the consumption of SPI for 2 mo. concentrations of total-cholesterol changed from 280+/-7 to 263+/-8 mg/dL (-6.5%. p=0.0099). HDL-cholesterol from 57.4+/-2.5 to 62.6+/-2.9 mg/dL (+9%, p=0.0047), non-HDL-cholesterol (total-cholesterol-HDL-cholesterol) from 223+/-7 to 201+/-8 mg/dL (-11%. p=0.0023) and triglycerides from 204+/-23 to 173+/-19 mg/dL (-18%, p=0.022). There were no significant changes with SMP (p>0.05). Thus, administration of 30 g SPI a day for 2 mo confirmed its favorable effects on serum lipids in Russians with hyperlipidemia.
Food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies; The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups and risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). We conducted a systematic search in PubMed, Embase, Medline (Ovid), Cochrane Central, and Google Scholar for prospective studies investigating the association between whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) on risk of T2D. Summary relative risks were estimated using a random effects model by contrasting categories, and for linear and non-linear dose-response relationships. Six out of the 12 food-groups showed a significant relation with risk of T2D, three of them a decrease of risk with increasing consumption (whole grains, fruits, and dairy), and three an increase of risk with increasing consumption (red meat, processed meat, and SSB) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There was evidence of a non-linear relationship between fruits, vegetables, processed meat, whole grains, and SSB and T2D risk. Optimal consumption of risk-decreasing foods resulted in a 42% reduction, and consumption of risk-increasing foods was associated with a threefold T2D risk, compared to non-consumption. The meta-evidence was graded "low'' for legumes and nuts; "moderate'' for refined grains, vegetables, fruit, eggs, dairy, and fish; and "high'' for processed meat, red meat, whole grains, and SSB. Among the investigated food groups, selecting specific optimal intakes can lead to a considerable change in risk of T2D.
A dermocosmetic containing bakuchiol, <i>Ginkgo biloba</i> extract and mannitol improves the efficacy of adapalene in patients with acne <i>vulgaris</i>: result from a controlled randomized trial; Background: Acne vulgaris is an inflammatory disorder of the pilosebaceous unit. Aim: To confirm that BGM (bakuchiol, Ginkgo biloba extract, and mannitol) complex increases the established clinical efficacy of adapalene 0.1% gel in patients with acne.
Skin toxicities associated with epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors; The use of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in several epithelial tumors has increased considerably in recent years. Currently, they are approved in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), pancreatic cancer, colorectal cancer and head and neck cancer. Skin toxicity is a class-specific side effect that is typically manifested as a papulopustular rash in the majority (45-100%) of patients receiving EGFR inhibitors. The skin toxicity is related to the inhibition of EGFR in the skin, which is crucial for the normal development and physiology of the epidermis. Although rarely life-threatening, skin toxicity may cause significant physical and psycho-social discomfort. Nevertheless, the presence and severity of skin rash is associated with improved clinical efficacy in patients receiving EGFR inhibitors. The goal of managing EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicity is to minimize the detrimental effects of the rash on patients' quality of life and treatment course without antagonizing the clinical efficacy of EGFR inhibitors. There is currently no evidence-based treatment guideline to prevent or treat the EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicities. Expert panels recommend a proactive, multidisciplinary approach that includes patient education and the use of a grade-based treatment algorithm. Elucidation of the mechanisms of EGFR inhibitor-associated skin toxicity and development of mechanism-based novel therapies are urgently needed. Preclinical data suggest topical application of a potent phosphatase inhibitor menadione (Vitamin K3) can rescue the inhibition of EGFR and downstream signaling molecules in the skin of mice receiving systemic EGFR inhibitor erlotinib or cetuximab. A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled study has been initiated to evaluate the clinical efficacy of menadione topical cream, in the treatment or prevention of EGFR inhibitor-induced skin toxicity.
The feasibility of the Prostate cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) dietary and physical activity modifications: a qualitative study; Background: There is increasing evidence that low levels of physical activity and diets low in fruit and vegetables and high in meat and dairy products are risk factors for prostate cancer disease progression. The Prostate cancer: Evidence of Exercise and Nutrition Trial (PrEvENT) aimed to assess a diet and physical activity intervention in men undergoing radical prostatectomy for localized prostate cancer. The trial included a qualitative component to explore the experiences of men participating in the trial in order to understand the acceptability of the intervention and data collection methods. We report the qualitative findings of the trial and consider how these can be used to inform future research.
Surgical excision, Mohs micrographic surgery, external-beam radiotherapy, or brachytherapy for indolent skin cancer: An international meta-analysis of 58 studies with 21,000 patients; Background The objective of this study was to compare the cosmesis and recurrence rates of conventional excision (CE), Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS), external-beam radiation therapy (EBRT), or brachytherapy (BT), for basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Methods Population, Intervention, Control, Outcome, Study Design (PICOS), Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA), and Meta-Analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) methods were used to identify studies on PubMed (from 1985 to 2018), including patients with American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) T1-T2N0 basal cell carcinomas and squamous cell carcinomas and >= 10 months follow-up who received CE, MMS, EBRT, or BT. The primary endpoint was cosmesis, classified as "good," "fair," or "poor." The secondary endpoint was 1-year recurrence. Fixed-effects and random-effects meta-analyses were performed to evaluate primary and secondary outcomes with respect to treatment modality. Results In total, 18,095 studies met initial search criteria. There were 24 CE, 13 MMS, 19 EBRT, and 7 BT studies included with a total of 21,371 patients. The summary effect size for "good" cosmesis was 81% (95% CI, 70.6%-89.6%), 74.6% (95% CI, 63%-84.6%), and 97.6% (95% CI, 91.3%-100%) for CE, EBRT, and BT, respectively. Good cosmesis was 96.0% in the only MMS study that reported cosmesis. BT had improved "good" cosmesis over EBRT (P = .0025) and was similar to CE and MMS. No significant differences were seen for "fair" or "poor" cosmesis. One-year recurrence rates were low throughout at 0.8% (95% CI, 0.3%-1.6%), 0.2% (95% CI, 0%-0.6%), 2% (95% CI, 1.3%-2.7%), and 0% (95% CI, 0%-0.5%) for CE, MMS, EBRT, and BT, respectively. Conclusions For T1-T2N0 skin cancers, BT and MMS have improved cosmesis over EBRT and CE. It is unclear whether this is because of treatment superiority or selection and reporting bias. Local control is similar among all modalities at 1 year.
Tretinoin peel: a critical view; The tretinoin peel, also known as retinoic acid peel, is a superficial peeling often performed in dermatological clinics in Brazil. The first study on this was published in 2001, by Cuce et al., as a treatment option for melasma. Since then, other studies have reported its applicability with reasonable methodology, although without a consistent scientific background and consensus. Topical tretinoin is used for the treatment of various dermatoses such as acne, melasma, scars, skin aging and nonmelanoma skin cancer. The identification of retinoids cellular receptors was reported in 1987, but a direct cause-effect relation has not been established. This article reviews studies evaluating the use of topical tretinoin as agent for superficial chemical peel. Most of them have shown benefits in the treatment of melasma and skin aging. A better quality methodology in the study design, considering indication and intervention is indispensable regarding concentration, vehicle and treatment regimen ( interval and number of applications). Additionally, more controlled and randomized studies comparing the treatment with tretinoin cream versus its use as a peeling agent, mainly for melasma and photoaging, are necessary.
Effects of Food-Based Approaches on Vitamin A Status of Women and Children: A Systematic Review; Vitamin A deficiency (VAD) increases risk for morbidity and mortality. Food-based approaches offer one strategy to improve vitamin A status. This systematic review assessed evidence of the effects of food-based approaches on the vitamin A status of women and children under 5 y. VAD was defined as clinical ocular symptoms, such as loss of vision, and/or retinol plasma or serum concentration <0.70 mu mol/L. Searches on food-based approaches to improve vitamin A status were conducted for the period 2011-2022 on PubMed, CINHAL, Web of Science, and Google Scholar using PRISMA guidelines. English-language publications were included. Case studies, unpublished disserta-tions, and non-peer-reviewed studies were excluded. This review comprises 24 of 27,322 identified studies; 23 included studies focused on provitamin A carotenoids. There were 17,214 participants across the 24 studies with sample sizes ranging from 8 to 3571 individuals. Intervention studies spanned from 3 wk to 2 y. Fifteen (63%) studies were randomized control trials, 7 were cross-sectional, and 2 were longitudinal studies. Most studies (N = 21) used biochemical measurements, for example, serum retinol, to assess vitamin A status; other studies used clinical symptoms (for example, xerophtalmia) or dietary intake. Thirteen (54%) studies reported a statistically significant effect of food-based interventions (N = 8) or an association of diet (N = 5) on vitamin A status. This systematic review indicated that some food-based interventions improved vitamin A status, thus offering a safe and effective delivery mechanism for vitamin A. There appeared to be significant association between vitamin A status and consumption of foods with high concentrations of preformed vitamin A and pro -vitamin A carotenoids. Differences across studies in regard to the period of evaluation, food approaches used, and statistical power may explain the lack of effectiveness of food-based approaches on vitamin A status in some studies.
A systematic review of therapeutic interventions to reduce acute and chronic post-surgical pain after amputation, thoracotomy or mastectomy; BackgroundPerioperative neuropathic pain is under-recognized and often undertreated. Chronic pain may develop after any routine surgery, but it can have a far greater incidence after amputation, thoracotomy or mastectomy. The peak noxious barrage due to the neural trauma associated with these operations may be reduced in the perioperative period with the potential to reduce the risk of chronic pain.
Effects of calcium on the incidence of recurrent colorectal adenomas A systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Protective effects of calcium supplementation against colorectal adenomas have been documented in systematic reviews; however, the results have not been conclusive. Our objective was to update and systematically evaluate the evidence for calcium supplementation taking into consideration the risks of systematic and random error and to GRADE the evidence.
AC-200902-0000016 EFFECT OF IBUPROFEN ALONE AND INCONJUGATION WITH VITAMIN E AND SELENIUM ON EXPERIMENTALLY INDUCED COCCIDIOSIS IN BROLIERS; The aim of study was to determine the effect of (Brufen (TM)) alone and in conjugation with vitamin E and Selenium in broilers against coccidiosis. One hundred randomly allocated (25 birds in each group i.e., A, B, C & D) day-old broiler chicks underwent the current trial. Group A, B and C were challenged with 60,000-70,000 sporulated oocysts of genus Eimeria at 21st day of age. Group A and B were administered with (Brufen (TM)) and combination of (Brufen (TM)) with vitamin E and Selenium (E-Sel (TM)) @ 100mg/kg body weight and 1ml/10 liters of drinking water, respectively. Group C and D were kept as negative (infected & un-medicated) and positive (un-infected & un-medicated) controls, respectively. Therapeutic response was measured on the basis of mortality, oocysts count, weight gains, coccidial lesion scorings and weight of lymphoid organs. Maximum mortality was observed in group C (17/25), followed by group A (12/25), than in group B (8/25) post coccidial infection. Coccidial lesion scores and oocysts count were significantly lower in groups (A & B) administered with Ibuprofen. Moreover, maximum weight gain and reduced lymphoid organ to body weight ratio were also observed in chicken of group B as compared to A, C and D. The study suggested synergistic and enhanced protective response of Ibuprofen in combination with vitamin E and Selenium against chicken coccidiosis.
Food or medication? The therapeutic effects of food on the duration and incidence of upper respiratory tract infections: a Review of the literature; Purpose Upper respiratory tract infections are common in children and adults. Antiviral treatments are only available for specific groups of patients, stimulating the distribution of over-the-counter medication to relieve the symptoms for the other patients. Studies about whole foods and their effect on the incidence and duration of upper respiratory tract infections were reviewed. Methods Randomized controlled trials and case-control studies available on MEDLINE, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Embase were included. Results and Conclusions:Thirty-three studies were included. The incidence of respiratory infections or symptoms was shown to be reduced in some studies when probiotics, prebiotics, growing-up milk, fish oil, kiwi, garlic and xylitol were taken. Duration was favorably influenced by the intake of elderberry, kiwi, probiotics and fish oil. When the risk of bias and repetition is taken into account, probiotics and elderberry repeatedly show favorable effects. Prudent conclusions can be made in selective patient groups. However, the studies were diverse and were only performed by a few study groups.
Association of Dietary Fiber and Yogurt Consumption With Lung Cancer Risk A Pooled Analysis; Question Does an association exist between risk of lung cancer and habitual intakes of dietary fiber (the main source of prebiotics) or yogurt (a probiotic food)? Findings In this pooled analysis of more than 1.44 million individuals from the United States, Europe, and Asia, high intakes of dietary fiber or yogurt were individually associated with reduced risk of lung cancer, independent of all known risk factors. A potential synergistic association of fiber and yogurt consumption with lung cancer risk was also observed. Meaning Dietary fiber and yogurt may be individually and jointly associated with reduced risk of lung cancer.
Results from two repeated 5 day dietary records with a 1 y interval among patients with colorectal polyps; Background: Dietary factors are known to be associated with initiation and development of colorectal cancer (CRC), and also with. CRC's major precursor, the colorectal polyp. In long-term intervention studies on colorectal polyps, dietary changes may therefore affect potential effects of the study intervention,
Calcium plus vitamin D supplementation and the risk of colorectal cancer; BACKGROUND:
DNA damage in blood cells in relation to chemotherapy and nutritional status in colorectal cancer patients-A pilot study; DNA damage can be considered as a biomarker for toxicity and response to chemotherapy. It is not known whether the chemotherapy-induced genotoxicity is associated with malnutrition. In this pilot study, we assess genotoxicity by means of DNA damage in patients with lymph-node positive colorectal cancer (CRC) and explore associations with chemotherapy treatment and nutritional status. DNA damage was compared between patients receiving chemotherapy (n = 24) and those not receiving chemotherapy (n = 20). DNA damage was measured in frozen whole blood by the comet assay. Associations between DNA damage and various indicators of malnutrition were also explored, including Patient -Generated Subjective Global Assessment (PG-SGA), bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) and anthropometric measurements, using multiple linear regression models. Patients on chemotherapy have higher levels of DNA damage in blood cells than patients not receiving chemotherapy (median of 16.9 and 7.9% tail DNA respectively, p = 0.001). The moderately malnourished patients (PG-SGA category B), representing 41% of the patients, have higher levels of cellular DNA damage than patients with good nutritional status (mean difference of 7.5% tail DNA, p = 0.033). In conclusion, adjuvant chemotherapy and malnutrition are both associated with increased levels of DNA damage in blood cells of CRC patients. Carefully controlled longitudinal studies or randomized controlled trials should be performed to determine whether good nutritional status may protect against chemotherapy-induced genotoxicity and enhance compliance to therapy in CRC patients.
Photodynamic therapy with topical methyl- and hexylaminolevulinate for prophylaxis and treatment of UV-induced SCC in hairless mice; P>Background:
Prevention and treatment of acute radiationinduced skin reactions: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Radiation-induced skin reaction (RISR) is a common side effect that affects the majority of cancer patients receiving radiation treatment. RISR is often characterised by swelling, redness, pigmentation, fibrosis, and ulceration, pain, warmth, burning, and itching of the skin. The aim of this systematic review was to assess the effects of interventions which aim to prevent or manage RISR in people with cancer.
Can we decrease the skin reaction in breast cancer patients using hyaluronic acid during radiation therapy? Results of phase III randomised trial; Purpose: Radio-induced early skin reactions still remain a clinical challenge. Preliminary results with Hyaluronic acid, one of the most recent topical products used in this indication are proving interesting. To evaluate the efficacy of Hyaluronic acid compared to placebo.
Beneficial effects of Bifidobacterium lactis on lipid profile and cytokines in patients with metabolic syndrome: A randomized trial. Effects of probiotics on metabolic syndrome; Objective: Human studies have shown the beneficial effects of probiotic microorganisms on the parameters of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and other cardiovascular risks, but to our knowledge the effect of Bifidobacterium lactis has not yet been reported. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of consumption of milk containing the probiotic B. lactis HNO19 on the classical parameters of MetS and other related cardiovascular risk factors.
Influence of late gestation drylot rations differing in protein degradability and fat content on beef cow and subsequent calf performance; Spring-calving, mature cows (n = 191 total) and their progeny were used to evaluate the effects of late gestation drylot rations differing in RUP and fat content on cow performance as well as performance and carcass characteristics of subsequent progeny. Cows were blocked by BW and anticipated calving date and assigned to 16 pens. Pens were randomly allotted to 1 of 2 treatments: limit-fed corn coproducts and ground cornstalks (COP; TDN = 64.4%, CP = 11.1%, RDP = 60.2% of CP, and fat = 5.1%) or limit-fed ground mixed, cool-season grass hay (HY; TDN = 55.7%, CP = 9.5%, RDP = 86.0% of CP, and fat = 2.3%). Treatments were limit fed as isocaloric, isonitrogenous rations from 88 +/- 11 d prepartum to calving. All cows were fed a common diet postpartum. Cow BW and BCS were collected at the beginning of the feeding period, within 48 h after calving, and at breeding. Calf BW was collected at birth and at 64 +/- 11 and 124 +/- 11 d of age. Milk production was determined using the weigh-suckle-weigh technique at 64 +/- 11 and 124 +/- 11 d postpartum. At 124 +/- 11 d of age, steers (n = 68) and nonreplacement heifer calves (n = 25) were weaned and placed on a common feedlot diet with individual feed intake monitored using GrowSafe. Feedlot calves were slaughtered at a commercial facility 35 +/- 10 d after a minimum ultrasound 12th-rib fat thickness estimation of 0.9 cm. After calving, cow BW was greater (P < 0.01) and BCS was greater (P < 0.01) for cows fed COP than for cows fed HY. Calf birth BW was greater (P = 0.04) for those born to cows fed COP with no difference (P = 0.43) in percentage of unassisted births across treatment. Cows fed HY were lighter (P < 0.01) at breeding with lower BCS (P = 0.03); nevertheless, overall pregnancy rate was not different (P = 0.80). No differences (P >= 0.22) in milk production were detected. For feedlot progeny, initial feedlot BW, final BW, and days on feed were not different (P >= 0.23), and as a result, no difference (P = 0.21) in feedlot ADG was detected. Feedlot DMI and G: F were not different (P >= 0.19) across treatments. Feedlot calf health was monitored with no differences (P >= 0.68) in morbidity and mortality observed. No differences (P >= 0.27) were detected for HCW, LM area, backfat, marbling score, yield grade, or KPH. Increased dietary RUP and fat content during late gestation increased cow BW and BCS but did not alter milk production, subsequent reproduction, or subsequent calf performance or carcass characteristics.
Immune responses induced by intranasal imiquimod and implications for therapeutics in rhinovirus infections; Notwithstanding the progress recently made in immunology and virology, there is yet no effective, specific treatment for the common cold. Symptomatic treatment is minimally effective. An anecdotal report of rapid clearing of the common cold of recent onset after intranasal application of imiquimod in several subjects by one of the authors, made us test the hypothesis that this treatment works through the secretion of interferon by the nasal mucosa. We decided to do an animal study in primates (Indian Macaca Mulata): 5 treatment and 3 control animals were used. Imiquirnod or placebo was massaged into the nares of the animals and periodic samples of post-nasal fluid were taken and measurements for Interferon alpha (IFN alpha) and Tumor Necrosis Factor alpha (TNF alpha) were made by ELISA methods, and kinetic studies. IFN alpha mRNA was also isolated and analyzed by quantitative competitive RT-PCR. The internal standard was constructed to be complementary to and compete with oligonucleotide primers and for amplification of target sequences. One intranasal application of imiquimod rapidly (1-4 h) induced high levels of mRNA for IFN alpha and minimal levels in the control animals. Rapid induction of INF alpha, and proportional increase of TNF alpha sustained for 4 and 6 h respectively were noted. No adverse reactions to treatment were found in macaques during this short period of intranasal imiquimod usage (except in one macaque with a short period of lacrimation). No animal had cytotoxic effects when examined at 6 h, 12 h, 24 h or 48 h, except one animal, which had an episode of lacrimation for 6 hr post treatment. Thus both safety and efficacy of short treatment with imiquimod is proven in this animal model. Proof of principle for intranasal treatment of the common cold with imiquimod is shown. We think that this work will encourage a number of double blind clinical trials to confirm the effectiveness of the intranasal treatment of the common cold with imiquimod.
Dietary approach to hypertension based on low glycaemic index and principles of DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension): a randomised trial in a primary care service; Hypertension is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in Brazil. Diet may play an important role in reducing blood pressure (BP), as has been shown for diets high in fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products and low in salt (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Na). A low-glycaemic index Brazilian diet combined with the principles of the DASH-Na diet was evaluated in a randomised study of 206 individuals who were followed for 6 months. In the control group (CG), counselling was based on standard care and mainly focused on salt intake reduction. An intention-to-treat analysis showed that, after 6 months, systolic BP was reduced by 14.4 mmHg and diastolic BP by 9.7 mmHg in the experimental group (EG), compared with 6.7 and 4.6 mmHg, respectively, in the CG. After adjusting for body weight, BP at baseline and age, these changes were 12.1 and 7.9 mmHg, respectively. Urinary Na excretion was also reduced by 43.4 mEq/24 h in the EG. Food intake was modified accordingly during the intervention with an increase in the consumption of vegetables (2.97-5.85 frequency of consumption measured in three non-consecutive days), fruits (4.09-718), beans (1.94-313) and fish (1.80-2.74) by the EG. The present study showed the feasibility of a Brazilian dietary approach to treating hypertension by reducing urinary Na excretion and BP, changes that may have a great impact on public health and promote the benefits of controlling hypertension.
Antiseptics for burns; Background
A randomised vaccine field trial in Kenya demonstrates protection against wildebeest-associated malignant catarrhal fever in cattle; Wildebeest-associated malignant catarrhal fever (WA-MCF), a fatal disease of cattle caused by alcelaphine herpesvirus 1 (AIHV-1), is one of the most important seasonal diseases of cattle in wildebeest endemic areas, with annual incidence reaching 10%. Here we report efficacy of over 80% for a vaccine based on the attenuated AIHV-1 C500 strain, in preventing fatal WA-MCF in cattle exposed to natural wildebeest challenge. The study was conducted at Kapiti Plains Ranch Ltd, south-east of Nairobi, Kenya. In 2016, 146 cattle were selected for a randomised placebo-controlled trial. Cattle were stratified according to breed and age and randomly assigned to groups given vaccine or culture medium mixed with Emulsigee (R). Cattle received prime and boost inoculations one month apart and few adverse reactions (n = 4) were observed. Indirect ELISA demonstrated that all cattle in the vaccine group developed a serological response to AIHV-1. The study herd was grazed with wildebeest from one month after booster vaccination. Three cattle, two that received vaccine and one control, succumbed to conditions unrelated to WA-MCF before the study ended. Twenty-five cattle succumbed to WA-MCF; four of the remaining 71 cattle in the vaccine group (5.6%) and 21 of the remaining 72 control cattle (29.2%; chi(2) =13.6, df = 1, p < 0.001). All of the WA-MCF affected cattle were confirmed by PCR to be infected with AlHV-1 and in 23 cases exhibited histopathology typical of WA-MCF. Vaccine efficacy was determined to be 80.6% (95% CI 46.5-93.0%). Hence, the AlHV-1 C500 vaccine is a safe and potentially effective novel method for controlling WA-MCF in cattle. The implementation of this vaccine may have significant impacts on marginalised cattle keeping communities. (C) 2019 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Effectiveness of probiotics on the occurrence of infections in older people: systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: infectious diseases in older people are associated with higher mortality rates and probiotics have been hypothesised to reduce the occurrence of infection.
Silibinin: a toxicologist's herbal medicine?; Silymarin is an herbal remedy, commonly called milk thistle, or St. Mary's Thistle, and has been used for over 2000 years. It has been available as a capsule of the plant extract in Europe since 1974 to treat hepatic disorders. To date toxicologists have relied on animal studies, human case series, or retrospective reviews to decide on its use. In the U.S. the ability to use IV silibinin, its pharmacologically active purified flavonolignan, is hindered by its lack of availability as a Food and Drug Administration approved pharmaceutical preparation. This commentary reviews the in vitro studies, animal studies, and human retrospective analyses which form the basis for its clinical use. Despite the numerous publications, summarized in this issue in a systematic review, the mortality rate from Amanita mushroom ingestion remains stubbornly the same over four decades of use, and hovers around 10%. Although in the retrospective systematic review the use of silibinin, or penicillin, compared to routine care is statistically significantly superior when the primary outcome is fatality. Despite this there is no quality randomized trial to definitively demonstrate its utility. While, intravenous silibinin has a low toxicity, unanswered is whether it is useful in protecting the liver in cases of amanitin-containing mushrooms toxicity, and whether earlier administration would likely improve outcomes.
Effect of a single meloxicam administration on newborn Holstein-Friesian dystocia calves: Field results from the first 10 days of life; Background and Aim: Calves have increased morbidity and mortality rates after dystocia. One cause is pain during birth, which reduces their colostrum intake. The administration of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may break this causality. This study aimed to determine the consequences of a single administration of the NSAID meloxicam to dystocia calves after birth.
Embryotoxic and Histopathological Investigations of In-Ovo Inoculation of Aflatoxigenic Fungal Extracts in Chicken Embryos; The present study was executed to investigate the embryotoxic effect of in-ovo inoculation of aflatoxigenic fungal extracts isolated from poultry feed and its ingredients. A total of 12 aflatoxigenic fungal isolates were randomly selected for determination of their embryo toxicity potential. The extract of each fungal isolate containing 10 and 100 ng/egg aflatoxin (AF), from each isolate were separately injected through chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) route into 12 embryos (96 hours old). The parameters studied included embryo mortality, hatchability, body weight, relative organ weights, gross and histopathological lesions. A variable degree of mortality and hatchability was observed in embryos administered same dose of AF produced by different isolates. However, calculations based upon the concentration of AFB1 in each dose revealed high mortality in embryos receiving higher amount of AFB1 compared with those receiving lower amount of AFB1. Embryonic mortality was 25.00 and 66.67% in embryos which received 0.00 and 9.83 ng/egg AFB1, respectively. In one case, however, 16.67% mortality was present in embryos which received 2.19 ng/egg AFB1. Similarly in AF 100 group, embryonic mortality reached 100% in embryos receiving above 90 ng/egg AFB1. For eggs receiving AFB1 between 78.83 and 84.64 ng/egg, morality was 50 and 83.3%, respectively. All the treatment groups had significantly higher relative weight of liver and kidney than control. Fatty change and individual cell necrosis were significantly higher in AF-100 compared with AF-10 group. In kidneys, congestion and tubular necrosis were significantly higher in AF-100 than that in AF-10 group. Microscopically, liver and kidneys showed severe changes in chicks produced from eggs of high dose groups compared with those of low dose groups suggesting a dose related response. In conclusion inoculation of aflatoxigenic fungal extracts leads to high embryonic mortality and embryonic toxicity. (C) 2015 PVJ. All rights reserved
Farm pesticides - Outcomes of a randomized controlled intervention to reduce risks; Background: In response to the multiple health risks that farm pesticide applicators experience and the need for controlled trials to evaluate prevention programs, this study tested the effects of a small-group educational intervention designed to increase personal protective equipment (PPE) use and to reduce direct pesticide exposure.
Effectiveness of Changes in Diet Composition on Reducing the Incidence of Cardiovascular Disease; Purpose of ReviewTo highlight dietary changes shown to be associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular events in epidemiological studies and that have been proven to be effective in preventing cardiovascular diseases in clinical trialsRecent FindingsSince dietary changes always involve multiple variables, recent observational and intervention studies on dietary prevention of cardiovascular disease focus not only to the limitation of a single nutrient/food intake but also to the other dietary changes implemented to replace it.SummaryThe available evidence supports three major dietary strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention: (1) the replacement of saturated fat with unsaturated fat and/or fiber-rich carbohydrate foods; (2) the reduction of salt intake; (3) the implementation of dietary patterns resembling the traditional Mediterranean diet. This support derives not only from RCTs but also from the combination of large observational cohort studies and relatively short-term randomized trials on cardiovascular risk factors.
Adherence to a long-term progressive resistance training program, combining supervised and home-based exercise for breast cancer patients during adjuvant treatment; Background: The purpose of the study was to examine adherence and identify patient- and treatment-related factors associated with adherence to a 20-week combined supervised and home-based progressive resistance training program in women treated for breast cancer.Methodology: The study population consisted of the intervention group in a randomized clinical trial examining the effect of resistance exercise on lymphoedema prevention (n=82). The full program lasted 50 weeks, with an initial 20 weeks combined supervised and home-based exercise followed by 30 weeks self-administered exercise. Information about attendance rates (supervised exercise) and exercise dairies (home-based exercise) in the first 20 weeks was available for 74 and 62 participants, respectively. Adherence was measured as numbers of exercise sessions performed divided by expected number of exercise sessions with >2/3 categorized as high adherence. Age-adjusted odds ratios (OR) were used to assess the associations between patient- and treatment-related factors with adherence.Results: The number of participants with high adherence to supervised exercise decreased in the late period (from week 11 onward) compared to the early period (65% vs. 48%) whereas the proportion of participants with high adherence to home-based exercise remained close to 55%. The most prominent factor associated with high adherence to supervised exercise was neoadjuvant chemotherapy [OR 7.09; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.12-44.62]. For home-based exercise, lower adherence was seen in obese participants (OR 0.16; 95% CI, 0.04-0.65) and in participants with average or below average lower body muscle strength at baseline (OR 0.12; 95% CI, 0.03-0.46).Conclusion: The results of this study offer valuable information on factors associated with adherence to a program of supervised and home-based exercise. Interventions may be adapted to ensure higher adherence rates through supportive efforts targeted to women who are obese, have low muscle strength and who receive no or adjuvant chemotherapy (as opposed to neoadjuvant chemotherapy) during exercise.
Patterns of Recurrence After Resection of Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma: A Secondary Analysis of the ESPAC-4 Randomized Adjuvant Chemotherapy Trial; Key PointsQuestionWhat are the patterns of disease recurrence after resection of pancreatic cancer followed by systemic chemotherapy? FindingsIn this secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial, median recurrence-free survival, median survival after recurrence, and the median overall survival were similar. Adjuvant gemcitabine plus capecitabine was associated with reduced rate of local recurrence compared with gemcitabine monotherapy and improved overall survival. MeaningPancreatic cancer can be regarded as a systemic disease, irrespective of site of recurrence, requiring adjuvant systemic therapy after resection for effective treatment.
Anti-obesity properties of the strain <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> subsp <i>lactis</i> CECT 8145 in Zucker fatty rats; We evaluated the effect of oral administration of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 strain in Zucker fatty rats. The Zucker fatty rats were randomly divided into two groups (n=10 each) and administered either B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 (1010 cfu/day) suspended in skim milk, or skim milk alone (control group). Each treatment was administered in drinking bottles from week 5 until week 17 of age. A lean Zucker rat group (standard group) was included to provide normal values for the Zucker strain. This group was administered skim milk in the drinking bottle for the same experimental period as Zucker fatty rats. Body weight gain was greater in the fatty control group than in the fatty rats treated daily with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. Furthermore, dry and liquid food intake significantly decreased in the treated Zucker fatty group and these rats also showed decreased plasma ghrelin levels as compared with the Zucker fatty control group. B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 intake also decreased plasma tumour necrosis factor-a (a proinflammatory cytokine) and plasma malondialdehyde (a biomarker of oxidative stress). Moreover, the ratio plasma total cholesterol/plasma cholesterol transported by high-density lipoproteins, considered as an index for cardiovascular disease, also significantly decreased in the Zucker fatty rats treated with B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145. By contrast, this bacterial strain significantly increased plasma adiponectin (an insulin-sensitising adipokine), but did not produce significant effects on triglyceride levels or glucose metabolism biomarkers. Although further research is required to confirm B. animalis subsp. lactis CECT 8145 is an efficient anti-obesity treatment in humans, the results obtained in this study are promising and point to the health and anti-obesity properties of this bacterial strain.
Evidence for the effects of yogurt on gut health and obesity; Obesity is associated with increased risk for chronic diseases, and affects both developed and developing nations. Yogurt is a nutrient-dense food that may benefit individuals with lactose intolerance, constipation and diarrheal diseases, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and certain types of cancer. Emerging evidence suggests that yogurt consumption might also improve the health of obese individuals. Obesity is often accompanied by chronic, low-grade inflammation perpetuated by adipose tissue and the gut. In the gut, obesity-associated dysregulation of microbiota and impaired gut barrier function may increase endotoxin exposure. Intestinal barrier function can be compromised by pathogens, inflammatory cytokines, endocannabinoids, diet, exercise, and gastrointestinal peptides. Yogurt consumption may improve gut health and reduce chronic inflammation by enhancing innate and adaptive immune responses, intestinal barrier function, lipid profiles, and by regulating appetite. While this evidence suggests that yogurt consumption is beneficial for obese individuals, randomized-controlled trials are needed to further support this hypothesis.
Healthier Food Purchase and Its Determinants in an Urban Resettlement Colony of Delhi; Dietary risk, one of the major risk factors for the increasing burden of non-communicable diseases, is influenced by household food choices and purchases. A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted in 250 randomly selected households of an urban resettlement colony in Delhi to estimate the proportion of households purchasing different healthier food options during the last purchasing occasion and to identify its key determinants. Purchase of healthier options in staple items like wheat flour with fiber (100%), plant-based oils (97.9%), unpolished pulses (96.2%), and toned milk (94.5%) was high. Affordability and health considerations in food purchases were identified as key determinants.
Dietary exposure of broiler breeders to aflatoxin results in immune dysfunction in progeny chicks; Broiler breeder hens were fed diets amended with 0 and 10 mg/kg (Trial 1) or 0, 0.2, 1, or 5 mg/kg (Trial 2) of aflatoxin (AF). Fertile eggs collected during 14 d of AF feeding were examined for AF residues. Various immunological endpoints were examined in chicks hatched from these eggs. Eggs collected at 7 d of Al; feeding (Trial 1) had 0.15 to 0.48 ng/g of AFB(1) and 0.22 to 0.51 ng/g of aflatoxicol, whereas eggs collected at 14 d of AF feeding had 0.05 to 0.60 ng of AFB(1)/g and 0.19 to 1.20 ng of aflatoxicol/g. In both trials, AF dietary exposure resulted in embryonic mortality and reduction in hatchability compared to controls. The AF progeny chicks in Trial 2 had total anti-SRBC antibodies similar to the controls during the primary antibody response. However, at 5 and 7 d after secondary SRBC injection, the antibody levels in the 1 and 5 mg/kg AF groups were lower than those of controls. Depression in anti-Brucella abortus antibodies occurred only in chicks from the 5 mg/kg AF group. Furthermore, phagocytosis of SRBC and reactive oxygen intermediate production by macrophages from AF progeny chicks were reduced as compared with the control chicks. The findings of this study imply that the progeny chicks from hens consuming a AF-amended diet may be increasingly susceptible to disease owing to suppression of humoral and cellular immunity.
The effect of soy consumption on the urinary 2:16-hydroxyestrone ratio in postmenopausal women depends on equol production status but is not influenced by probiotic consumption.; Some epidemiologic studies reported an association between a low ratio of urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (2-hydroxyestradiol + 2-hydroxyestrone) to 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (2:16OHE(1)) and increased breast cancer risk. Some studies show that soy consumption increases this ratio, and it is suggested that this effect may reduce breast cancer risk. We hypothesized that consumption of probiotic bacteria would alter fecal bacteria and enzymes involved in soy isoflavone metabolism, thereby increasing isoflavone bioavailability and enhancing the beneficial effects of soy on estrogen metabolism. Breast cancer survivors (n = 20) and controls (n = 20) were given 4 treatments for 6 wk each, separated by 2-wk washout periods, in a randomized, crossover design: soy protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d containing 44.4 +/- 7.5 mg isoflavones/d); soy protein + probiotics (109 colony-forming units Lactobacillus acidophilus DDS(R)+1 & Bifidobacterium longum, 15-30 mg fructooligosaccharide/d); milk protein (26.6 +/- 4.5 g protein/d); and milk protein + probiotics. Survivors tended to have a lower baseline urine 2:16OHE(1) ratio than controls (P = 0.10). In the group as a whole, soy consumption tended to increase urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.07) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (P = 0.11) but had no effect on the urinary 2:16OHE(1) ratio. When subjects were divided into groups by plasma concentrations and urinary levels of the daidzein metabolite equol, soy increased urinary 2-hydroxyestrogens (P = 0.01) and the 2:16OHE(1) ratio (P = 0.04) only in subjects with high plasma equol concentrations. None of these results were influenced by probiotic consumption. These results are consistent with studies that found lower urine 2:16OHE(1), ratios in women with breast cancer and suggest that soy consumption increases this ratio only in women who are equol producers.
Comparative study of growth performance, meat quality and haematological parameters of three-way crossbred chickens with reciprocal F1 crossbred chickens in a subtropical environment; A total of 2000 unsexed day-old chicks of each three-way (White Leghorn malexF1 female) [Fayoumi malexRhode Island Red (RIR) female] crossbred and reciprocal F1 crossbred (RIRxFayoumi) chickens were obtained from the hatchery of the Poultry Research Institute, Rawalpindi. The chickens of each breed were divided into five groups as replicates under a completely randomised design, so that there were 400 chickens in each replicate. The birds were maintained on a deep litter system for a period of 20 weeks. The results revealed that the average day-old weight was highest in Rural Leghorn (RLH), intermediate in Fayoumi malexRIR female (FIRI) and lowest in RIR malexFayoumi female (RIFI) chickens. The RLH and FIRI chickens consumed more feed and gained maximum (p<0.05) weight gain than that of RIFI crossbred chickens at all ages of the growing phase. The poor (p<0.05) feed conversion was observed in RIFI and better feed conversion was recorded in FIRI and RLH crossbred chickens. The RLH three-crossbred chickens had the lowest (p<0.05) mortality than two-crossbred chickens. The highest dressing percentage was observed in FIRI (62.60) followed by RIFI (62.40%) and RLH (62.10%) chickens. The breast and thigh meat composition had non-significant (p>0.05) differences among all crossbred chickens. There were non-significant (p>0.05) differences in haematological values among all crossbred chickens. The total erythrocyte number, Hb and PCV increased with the advancement of age. However, ESR, MCV and MCH values decreased gradually with the advancement of age. It may be concluded that FIRI and RLH crossbred chickens gained better body weight than RIFI chickens with lower mortality. The three-way crossbred chickens of RLH showed better FCR and lower mortality than two-way reciprocal crossbred chickens of RIR and Fayoumi.
Alteration of digestive tract microbiome in neonatal Holstein bull calves by bacitracin methylene disalicylate treatment and scours; The effects of bacitracin methylene disalicylate (BMD) and scours on the fecal microbiome, animal performance, and health were studied in Holstein bull calves. Holstein bull calves (n = 150) were obtained from a single source at 12 to 24 h of age. Bull calves were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 treatments including CON (no BMD; n = 75 calves) and BMD (n = 75 calves). Starting 3 d after arrival, BMD was added into milk replacer (0.5 g/feeding; twice daily) and fed to the calves for 10 consecutive d. No differences (P > 0.10) were observed in ADG for d 0 to 28 and d 0 to 56, DMI for d 0 to 28, d 29 to 56, and d 0 to 56, or G: F for d 0 to 28, d 29 to 56, and d 0 to 56; ADG for d 29 to 56 tended to increase (P < 0.10) for BMD-treated calves compared with controls. Fecal samples were collected from 15 scouring calves and 10 cohorts (nonscouring calves received on the same day and administered the same treatment as the scouring calves). Animal morbidity and fecal score did not vary between the 2 treatments. Mortality was not influenced by the treatments in the BMD administration period or throughout the experiment. Fecal samples were subjected to pyrotagged 454 FLX pyrosequencing of 16S rRNA gene amplicon to examine compositional dynamics of fecal microbes. Escherichia, Enterococcus, and Shigella had greater (P < 0.05) populations in the BMD group whereas Dorea, Roseburia, Fecalibacterium, Papillibacter, Collinsella, Eubacterium, Peptostreptococcus, and Prevotella were decreased (P < 0.05) by BMD treatment. Genus populations were also compared between scouring and nonscouring calves. Streptococcus was the only genus that had notable increase (P < 0.05) in fecal samples from scouring calves whereas populations of Bacteroides, Roseburia, and Eubacterium were markedly (P < 0.05) greater in nonscouring calves. These results show that BMD has the ability to alter the composition of the fecal microbiome but failed to improve performance in Holstein bull calves. Discrepancy of microorganism profiles between scouring and nonscouring calves might be associated with the occurrence of scours and bacterial genera identified might be potential target of treating diarrhea.
Supplementing a yeast probiotic to pre-weaning Holstein calves: Feed intake, growth and fecal biomarkers of gut health; Diarrhea, resulting from gastrointestinal infection by pathogens, is a common cause of the high mortality and morbidity of neonatal calves. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of supplementing a yeast product in milk replacer (MR) on growth and health of calves, and on fecal populations of some targeted microorganisms related to calf health and growth (i.e., total bacteria, Escherichia coli, Clostridium cluster XIVa, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii and Bifidobacterium spp.). We hypothesized that feeding a Saccharomyces cerevisiae var boulardii (SCB) product would improve gastrointestinal health and growth performance of calves. Forty-two Holstein bull calves (42.6 +/- 0.77 kg at birth) were randomly assigned on day 2 of age to either a control or SCB treatment. The SCB was supplemented in MR and fed at 5 g/d per head to supply 10 billion colony-forming units per day. All calves received high quality colostrum (> 50 mg/mL of immunoglobulin G) during the first 24 h of life, and were fed with 8 L MR (150 g/L mixed with 40 degrees C water) daily from day 2-35, and 4 L daily from day 35-42. Calves were also fed calf starter ad libitum from day 7-56. Daily MR and starter offered and refused, daily fecal scores, nasal scores, ear scores, and weekly body weight of calves were recorded. Fecal samples were collected on day 7, 35 and 56 after the first feeding of that day for microbial targets analysis. Overall, there is no serious disease challenge for all the calves during the entire experimental period. No differences were observed in MR intake, starter intake, metabolizable energy (ME) intake, average daily gain, ME intake to gain ratio, fecal score, nasal score, eye score or any targeted microorganisms between treatments throughout the experiment. These results suggest that supplementing SCB in MR has no additive effects on animal growth or fecal biomarkers of gut health when calves do not show deteriorated health status.
Review of Canadian, Outaouais and Rideau Arcott breeds of sheep 1. Development and characterization; In the 1970s a multi-disciplinary research program was initiated at the Centre for Food and Animal Research (formerly Animal Research Institute) by introducing newly developed technologies in quantitative genetics, reproductive physiology, nutrition and housing, which had not previously been applied to the management of sheep production. The East Friesian, Finnish Landrace and Ile de France breeds from continental Europe with inherent potential for increasing productivity were imported and assembled with established breeds in North America to develop multi-breed synthetic populations. In 1972, the genetic base of the newly formed populations were closed to any further introduction of new breeding animals. Thereafter, these populations were selected for growth and reproductive performance to develop one specialized synthetic sire and two dam strains. Correspondingly, the Suffolk and Finnish Landrace breeds were maintained as random bred populations to monitor genetic response in the selected sire and dam strains, respectively. The three newly developed strains housed indoors year-round in a controlled environment were divided into two flocks. Concurrently, the use of artificial lighting regimens and exogenous hormones to synchronize estrus in ewes followed by exposure to rams in January, May and September, at the end of a period of short days initiated lambings in February, June and October, at 4-month intervals in 8-month breeding cycles. Growing lambs were raised from birth artificially on milk replacer and high energy diets, to allow maximum expression of their genetic potential, while adult sheep were fed diets to meet nutrient requirements according to stage of production. Genetic parameters estimated for growth and reproduction from the sheep raised in a controlled environment were in the favourable direction. Annual genetic response over 20 years of selection for early growth traits was approximately 1% of the mean realized. As well, there was a reduction in lamb mortality and an increase in fecundity. The morphological characteristics and production performance of the sire and dam strains have been described and compared with the reference breeds, Suffolk and Finnish Landrace. The newly developed synthetic sire strain (Canadian Arcott) demonstrated potential merit for use as a meat-type terminal breed, while the two synthetic dam strains (Outaouais and Rideau Arcotts) had outstanding productivity for use as fecund-type dam breeds. Crown Copyright (C) 2003 Published by Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
The Percentage of Dietary Phosphorus Excreted in the Urine Varies by Dietary Pattern in a Randomized Feeding Study in Adults; Background: Urinary phosphorus excretion has been proposed as a recovery biomarker of dietary phosphorus intake. However, it is unclear whether phosphorus excretion is constant across a range of dietary and nondietary factors.
A comparison of mindfulness-based stress reduction and an active control in modulation of neurogenic inflammation; Psychological stress is a major provocative factor of symptoms in chronic inflammatory conditions. In recent years, interest in addressing stress responsivity through meditation training in health-related domains has increased astoundingly, despite a paucity of evidence that reported benefits are specific to meditation practice. We designed the present study to rigorously compare an 8-week Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) intervention to a well-matched active control intervention, the Health Enhancement Program (HEP) in ability to reduce psychological stress and experimentally-induced inflammation. The Trier Social Stress Test (TSST) was used to induce psychological stress and inflammation was produced using topical application of capsaicin cream to forearm skin. Immune and endocrine measures of inflammation and stress were collected both before and after MBSR training. Results show those randomized to MBSR and HEP training had comparable post-training stress-evoked cortisol responses, as well as equivalent reductions in self-reported psychological distress and physical symptoms. However, MBSR training resulted in a significantly smaller post-stress inflammatory response compared to HEP, despite equivalent levels of stress hormones. These results suggest behavioral interventions designed to reduce emotional reactivity may be of therapeutic benefit in chronic inflammatory conditions. Moreover, mindfulness practice, in particular, may be more efficacious in symptom relief than the well-being promoting activities cultivated in the HEP program. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Assessing the impact of East Coast Fever immunisation by the infection and treatment method in Tanzanian pastoralist systems; A field trial was carried out in a Maasai homestead to assess the impact of East Coast Fever (ECF) immunisation by the infection and treatment method (ITM) with the Muguga Cocktail on the occurrence of this disease in Tanzanian pastoralist systems These data were further used in partial budgeting and decision analysis to evaluate and compare the value of the control strategy Overall ITM was shown to be a cost-effective control option While one ECF case was registered in the immunised group 24 cases occurred amongst non-Immunised calves A significant negative association between immunisation and ECF cases occurrence was observed (p <= 0 001) ECF mortality rate was also lower in the immunised group However as anti-theilerial treatment was given to all diseased calves no significant negative association between immunisation and ECF mortality was found Both groups showed an overall similar immunological pattern with high and increasing percentages of seropositive calves throughout the study This combined with the temporal distribution of cases in the non-immunised group suggested the establishment of endemic stability Furthermore the economic analysis showed that ITM generated a profit estimated to be 7250 US (1 USD = 1300 TZS) per vaccinated calf and demonstrated that it was a better control measure than natural infection and subsequent treatment (C) 2010 Elsevier B V All rights reserved
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma research in Malaysia: A review; Lymphomas are prevalent worldwide and a common malignancy reported in Malaysia. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common subtype of B-cell lymphomas accounting for 54% to 65% of all B-cell lymphomas and 39% to 57% of all malignant lymphomas. However, DLBCL comprises a heterogeneous group of diseases with different clinical presentations, biology and response to treatment. Recent advances in understanding the genetic landscape and molecular features of DLBCL have identified high-risk subsets with poor outcomes to chemo-immunotherapy that are actively being studied in various clinical trials. C-MYC is a proto-oncogene located in chromosome 8q24. 10 to 15 % of patients with newly diagnosed DLBCL have an underlying rearrangement of the MYC oncogene, resulting in dysregulated cellular survival and proliferation. Approximately half of these cases also carry a rearrangement of the anti-apoptotic proto-oncogene BCL2 and/or its transcription repressor BCL6. Over 20 case reports of DLBCL cases with notable features in Malaysia have found in the literature, in addition to a few extensive case series and included in this review. R-CHOP remains the mainstay of therapy and can help achieve control of long-term disease in nearly 90% of patients presenting with limited-stage and in up to 60% of those presenting with advanced stages. This review captures all 52 studies that reported DLBCL in Malaysia and summarises the essential aspects, including prevalence, subtype, prognostic markers clinical features in presentation and limited outcomes of cases when available.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota Supplementation Does Not Modulate Immunity in Healthy Men with Reduced Natural Killer Cell Activity; Oral intake of probiotic bacteria may beneficially modulate functions of NK cells. In healthy individuals, contradictory results exist as to whether NK cell functions can be modulated by probiotic bacteria. Therefore, the primary objective of our randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was to determine the effects of the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) on the activity of NK cells in healthy men who had been preselected for a reduced lytic function of their NK cells. Study participants (n = 68) were supplemented for 4 wk with a probiotic drink providing 1.95 x 10(10) CFU LcS/d or with a similar milk drink without probiotic additive. A run-in period of 2 wk preceded the probiotic supplementation followed by a 2-wk follow-up phase without the probiotic or control drink. Changes in the relative proportions of NK cells and other leukocytes as well as multiple functional measurements were determined longitudinally at baseline, after the 4-wk supplementation, and at the end of the follow-up. The probiotic supplementation had no significant effect on NK cell numbers and function or on phagocytosis, respiratory burst, or cytokine secretion of peripheral blood mononuclear cells. In conclusion, 4 wk of supplementation with LcS does not increase NK cell activity in healthy men with a reduced NK cell lytic activity. However, other doses of LcS, time of intervention, or differences, e.g. in the background diet, may result in a different outcome. J. Nutr. 141: 978-984, 2011.
Long-term efficacy and safety of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid vs 5% fluorouracil in the treatment of widespread facial actinic keratoses; BACKGROUND. Few studies have examined the long-term efficacy off fluorouracil (FU) or chemical peels for the treatment of actinic keratoses (AK). Our earlier work examined the efficacy and safety of a medium-depth chemical peel compared with the standard regimen of topical FU in the treatment of widespread facial AK through 12 months.
Proteomic identification of ruminal epithelial protein expression profiles in response to starter feed supplementation in pre-weaned lambs; The present study aimed to comparatively characterize the ruminal epithelial protein expression profiles in lambs fed ewe milk or milk plus starter diet using proteome analysis. Twenty new-born lambs were randomly divided into a group receiving ewe milk (M, n = 10) and a group receiving milk plus starter diet (M + S, n = 10). From 10 d old, M group lambs remained with the ewe and suckled ewe milk without receiving the starter diet. The lambs in the M + S group were separated from the ewe and received starter feed. All lambs were slaughtered at 56 d old. Eight rumen epithelia samples (4 per group) were collected to characterize their protein expression profiles using proteomic technology. Proteome analysis showed that 31 upregulated proteins and 40 downregulated proteins were identified in the rumen epithelium of lambs in response to starter diet supplementation. The results showed that starter feeding regulates a variety of biological processes in the epithelium, especially blood vessel development and extracellular matrix protein expression. Meanwhile, the expression of proteins associated with synthesis and degradation of ketone bodies, butanoate metabolism, and citrate cycle signaling transduction pathway were upregulated in the group with starter diet supplementation, including 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A synthase (HMGCS2, fold change [FC] = 1.93), 3-hydroxybutyrate dehydro-genase 1 (BDH1, FC = 1.91), and isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 (IDH1, FC = 8.12). The metabolic processes associated with ammonia detoxification and antioxidant stress were also affected by starter diet sup-plementation, with proteins, microsomal glutathione S-transferase 3 (MGST3, FC = 2.37) and IDH1, linked to the biosynthesis of glutamate and glutathione metabolism pathway being upregulated in the group with starter diet supplementation. In addition, starter feeding decreased the expression of Ras-related protein rap-1A (RAP1A, FC = 0.48) enriched in Rap1 signaling pathway, Ras signaling pathway, cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) signaling pathway, and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway. In summary, starter feed supplementation changed the expression of pro-teins related to energy production, ammonia detoxification, antioxidant stress, and signaling pathways related to proliferation and apoptosis, which facilitates the rumen epithelia development in lambs. The results provide new insights into the molecular adaptation of rumen epithelia in response to starter diet supplementation at the protein level in lambs.
Emulsifier Supplementation Response in Ross 308 Broilers at 1-10 Days; The study was conducted to check the effect of emulsifier supplementation on growth performance of broiler birds on starter phase, from days 1 to 10. In the current study, a total of twelve hundred twenty-four Ross 308 broiler one day old chicks were used. Ross 308 broiler chicks were divided into two groups in such a way that each group had 12 replicates, and each replicate had 51 birds. The duration of the current trial was of 10 days. Chicks were fed experimental diets with or without emulsifier supplementation. Daily feed intake, body weight, feed conversion ratio and nutrient digestibility were recorded. Mortality was recorded on a daily basis, and feed intake was also corrected for mortality. Data collected from the experiment was interpreted by using analysis of variance method using SPSSTM under Completely Randomized Design. Results showed that emulsifier supplementation improved (p<0.05) feed intake in broiler birds on the 2nd, 6th, 7th and 9th days of the starter phase. Furthermore, emulsifier supplementation (p<0.05) affected the body weight on the 3rd and 10th day of the trial. Emulsifier supplementation also affected (p<0.05) feed conversion ratio on the 10th day of the trial. However, nutrient digestibility was not affected by the supplementation of emulsifier in the diet of broiler chicks. Results showed that emulsifier supplementation should be started on day 10.
Topical oxatomide: An alternative approach for the treatment of vulvar lichen sclerosus; Objective: The treatment of vulvar lichen sclerosus has greatly improved in recent years, with the introduction of new pharmacological approaches and reconsideration of the traditional ones. Oxatomide is a molecule with both antihistamine and inhibiting activities for the inflammatory response, which may have potential use against this disease. Methods: We enrolled 22 patients affected by vulvar lichen sclerosus in a double-blind, cross-over, controlled trial. They were administered a 5% oxatomide-based gel formulation and a placebo (petrolatum ointment) topically. At the beginning and the end of the investigation the severity and duration of symptoms, clinical appearance and tolerability were recorded. Statistical analysis of data was performed by Fisher's exact test and the Student-Newman-Keuls test. Results: The results indicate that both regimens are significantly correlated with vulvar pruritus improvement and that 5% oxatomide gel has better anti-itching effects compared to the placebo. Other symptoms responded poorly to the treatment. The rate of complete-partial regression of pruritus was significantly higher (P < 0.05) in the oxatomide group than in controls, while no significant improvement was obtained neither with oxatomide or with placebo in terms of clinical appearance. Conclusions: These results, adequately confirmed, could suggest the introduction of oxatomide, in selected patients, as an alternative for the treatment of vulvar lichen sclerosus. Copyright (C) 1996 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Topical antioxidants in radiodermatitis: a clinical review; Radiation-induced skin toxicity is the most prevalent side effect of radiation therapy. Not only does it have a significant effect on patients' quality of life, but it also results in poor follow-up and early termination of radiotherapy treatment. Several skin care practices and topical applications have been studied in the field of radiodermatitis, including skin washing, topical steroids, and mechanical skin barriers. Aside from these methods, many patients turn to complementary and alternative medicine for the prevention and treatment of radiodermatitis. Many of these alternative therapies are topically applied antioxidants. While the rationale behind the use of antioxidants in treating radiodermatitis is strong, clinical studies have been far less consistent. Even in large scale randomised controlled trials, findings have been limited by the inconsistent use of topical vehicles and placebos. In this article, the authors review the role of topical antioxidants to better help the practitioner navigate through different available skin directed antioxidants.
Barriers to and facilitators and perceptions of nut consumption among the general population in New Zealand; Objective Despite considerable evidence supporting the health benefits of regular nut consumption, nut intakes remain lower than recommended among many populations. Understanding how the general population perceives nuts could inform strategies to promote regular nut consumption and increase intakes among the general public.
Effects of ractopamine and arginine dietary supplementation for sows on growth performance and carcass quality of their progenies; The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of ractopamine (Rac) and Arg fed to pregnant sows from d 25 to 53 of gestation on fetal muscle development as well as the performance and carcass characteristics of the progeny. One hundred sows were divided into 4 treatments including a control diet, the control plus 1% Arg, the control plus 20 mg/kg Rac, and the control diet supplemented with both additives at the same levels as those used separately. During the farrowing process the data evaluated were the weight of placenta to calculate the placental efficiency and the number of piglets born alive, stillborn, and mummified. To evaluate the fiber number and area, 12 male piglets from each treatment were euthanized to harvest semitendinosus muscle. During the lactation, the preweaning mortality, weaned weights, and number of piglets weaned per litter were evaluated. After weaning, the pig performance was evaluated until the slaughter following the sow treatment. At end of finishing phase, 1 male pig of each treatment replicate was selected to evaluation the carcass and pork quality. All variables measured were analyzed using the MIXED procedure of SAS and least squares means were compared using the Tukey test with P < 0.05. The control diet + supplementation of 1.0% of L-Arg + 20 mg/kg of ractopamine HCl from d 25 to 53 of gestation (Arg+Rac) treatment had a greater number of stillborn piglets (P = 0.014) than the control group. Piglet birth weights from sows fed Rac were 11% greater (P = 0.031) than those of piglets of the control treatment. The semitendinosus muscle fiber diameters of piglets at birth from sows that received Arg, Rac, and Arg+Rac were greater (P < 0.0001) than those of control piglets, and as consequence, the fiber number per square millimeter decreased (P < 0.0001). The final nursery BW of progeny from sows fed Arg and Rac individually were greater (P = 0.010) than those of progeny of the control group. At 110 d of age, in the beginning of the finisher 1 phase, pigs from Arg-fed sows were 1.9 kg heavier (P = 0.010) than pigs from the Arg+Rac-fed sows. The HCW were 2.97 and 1.64 kg heavier (P < 0.0001) for progeny of the Arg and Rac sows, respectively, compared with those of progeny of the control. In conclusion, the trial showed that the use of Rac for gestating sows increased the piglets' weight at birth. The size of muscular fiber was increased in the semitendinosus muscle of piglets originating from sows receiving Rac or Arg. However, the combination of both compounds did not have an additive effect in comparison with the control treatment but increased the stillbirth number.
<i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> F-9-35 Prevents DSS-Induced Colitis by Inhibiting Proinflammatory Gene Expression and Restoring the Gut Microbiota in Mice; Probiotics are considered to be a potential treatment for ulcerative colitis (UC). The aim of this study was to compare the preventive effect of a space flight-induced mutant L. reuteri F-9-35 and its wild type on UC in vivo. Female mice were randomly assigned to five groups: one normal and four colitic. Mice from colitis groups were daily gavaged with 0.2 mL 12% (w/v) skim milk containing the mutant or wild type (1 x 10(11) CFU/mL), skim milk alone or distilled water for the whole experiment period, starting 7 days before colitis induction. UC was induced by administrating mice with 3.5% (w/v) dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) in drinking water for 7 days, after which DSS was removed and maintained for 3 days as a recovery phase. The results showed that the mice fed with L. reuteri F-9-35 had less inflammatory phenotype according to macroscopic and histological analysis, reduced myeloperoxidase activity, and lower expression of proinflammatory genes (Tumor necrosis factor-, cyclooxygenase-2 and interleukin-6) in colonic tissue compared with control. Furthermore, L. reuteri F-9-35 protected the mice from gut microbiota dysbiosis from DDS induced colitis. Neither wild type nor the milk alone had such beneficial effects. From above we conclude that L. reuteri F-9-35 has great potential in the prevention of UC as a dietary supplement.
Immunohistochemical determination of somatostatin release in gastric tissue of rats fed with a high-fat and cholesterol diet; This study aimed to investigate the effects of a high-fat and cholesterol diet (HFCD) on rats' gastric mucosa. In the study, a total of 16 (40-day-old Sprague Dawley) male rats were used and randomly divided into two groups (each consisted of eight rats). The rats in control group had no implementations other than normal feeding. For 10 weeks, rats in a high-fat with cholesterol diet group had daily energy amounts provided by pellet feed mixed with 65.00% butter and 2.00% cholesterol. Before beginning the study and at the end, rats live weight was recorded and their blood samples were taken for biochemical analyses. Hematoxylin and Eosin and Crossman's triple staining techniques were used to investigate the general structure of gastric tissue. The rats fed with HFCD had statistically significant increases in live weight and total cholesterol values, and were identified to have gastric tissue degeneration. The rats' gastric tissue in control group had more intense somatostatin (SST) immunoreactivity in parietal and chief cells than the HFCD group. It was determined that feeding with the HFCD has a negative effect on SST secretion in rats and hence, this may have important areas of use such as in gastric cancer treatment and preventing complications linked to gastric diseases. & COPY; 2023 Urmia University. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of chemotherapy-induced toxicity and health-related quality of life amongst early-stage breast cancer patients receiving Chinese herbal medicine in Malaysia; Purpose This observational study aimed to compare the outcome and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) amongst breast cancer patients using Chinese herbal medicine (CHM) and those not using CHM during chemotherapy. Methods A prospective, non-randomised longitudinal study was conducted in two government integrated hospitals over an 8-month period. Early-stage breast cancer patients who were (1) either already using complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) or not and (2) who were on a regime of 5-fluorouracil, epirubicin, and cyclophosphamide were included in the study. Patients who agreed to receive CHM were assigned to receive individualised CHM prescriptions deemed suitable for the individual at a particular time. Those who were not willing to take Chinese herbal medicines (CHM) were assigned to the non-CHM control group. Blood profile and chemotherapy-induced AE were recorded whilst HRQOL assessment was done using the EORTC QLQ-C30 questionnaire on first, third, and sixth cycles. Results Forty-seven patients [32 female vs. 1 male, p = 0.31; mean year of age: 52.2(SD = 7.6), p = 0.28)}] were recruited during the study period. Demographics of both groups were comparable. Fifty percent of respondents reported using some kind of CAM before chemotherapy. Diet supplements (40.6%) were the most common CAM used by the respondents. The study showed that patients using CHM had significantly less fatigue (p = 0.012), nausea (p = 0.04), and anorexia (p = 0.005) during chemotherapy. There were no significant differences in patients' HRQOL (p = 0.79). There were no AEs reported during the study. Conclusion The use of CHM as an adjunct treatment with conventional chemotherapy have been shown to reduce fatigue, nausea, and anorexia in breast cancer patients but did not reduce chemotherapy-associated hematologic toxicity. The sample size of this study was not powered to assess the significance of HRQOL between two groups of patients.
Age-related normative values of trabecular bone score (TBS) for Japanese women: the Japanese Population-based Osteoporosis (JPOS) study; Trabecular bone score (TBS), a surrogate measure of bone microarchitecture, represents fracture risk independently of bone density. We present normative TBS values from a representative population study of Japanese women. This database would enhance our understanding of trabecular bone microarchitecture and improve osteoporosis management.
Supplemental Vitamins and Minerals for CVD Prevention and Treatment; The authors identified individual randomized controlled trials from previous meta-analyses and additional searches, and then performed meta-analyses on cardiovascular disease outcomes and all-cause mortality. The authors assessed publications from 2012, both before and including the U.S. Preventive Service Task Force review. Their systematic reviews and meta-analyses showed generally moderate-or low-quality evidence for preventive benefits (folic acid for total cardiovascular disease, folic acid and B-vitamins for stroke), no effect (multivitamins, vitamins C, D, beta-carotene, calcium, and selenium), or increased risk (antioxidant mixtures and niacin [with a statin] for all-cause mortality). Conclusive evidence for the benefit of any supplement across all dietary backgrounds (including deficiency and sufficiency) was not demonstrated; therefore, any benefits seen must be balanced against possible risks. (c) 2018 The authors. Published by Elsevier on behalf of the American College of Cardiology Foundation. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
The role of testosterone therapy in postmenopausal women: position statement of The North American Menopause Society; Objective: To create an evidence-based position statement regarding the role of exogenous testosterone in postmenopausal women.
Effects of oxidized soybean oil on the performance of sows and jejunum health of suckling piglets; Oils provide a considerable amount of energy to the swine diet, but they are prone to lipid oxidation if not properly preserved. Consumption of oxidized oils can adversely affect the animal organism and even the offspring. This study investigated the impact of oxidized soybean oil in the diets of sows from 107 days gestation to 21 days of lactation on the performance of sows and jejunum health of suckling piglets. Sixteen sows were randomly allocated into two groups: one group (n = 8) was fed with the fresh soybean oil (FSO) diet, and another group (n = 8) was treated with the oxidized soybean oil (OSO) diet. Dietary oxidized soybean oil does not affect sow performance. Antioxidant enzyme activity in the milk was reduced significantly in the OSO group, such as the superoxide dismutase (SOD), total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), and catalase (CAT) activities (p < 0.05). On Day 21, oxidized soybean oil increased tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and interleukin 8 (IL-8) levels in sow milk and the concentrations of TNF-alpha and IL-8 cytokines in plasma (p < 0.05). Suckling piglets from sows fed on OSO showed a trend towards increased IL-6 and TNF-alpha in plasma (p < 0.1). The mRNA expression of interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) was augmented, whereas interleukin 10 (IL-10) was decreased, and zonula occludens-1 (ZO-1) had a tendency to be down-regulated in OSO treatment. This study revealed that the OSO of feed decreased the antioxidant capacity of milk, further contributing to the inflammatory response in the jejunum of suckling piglets.
Nutritional profile and obesity: results from a random-sample population-based study in Crdoba, Argentina; Obesity is a chronic, heterogeneous, multifactorial disease, which has sharply increased in prevalence in both developed and developing countries. This study aimed to estimate the prevalence of obesity and to identify socio-demographic risk factors associated with it, with special emphasis on diet.
Iodine fortification of foods and condiments, other than salt, for preventing iodine deficiency disorders (Review); Background
A Nested Case-Control Study of Female Breast Cancer in Karunagappally Cohort in Kerala, India; Lifestyle factors related to breast cancer risk were examined in a case-control study nested in a cohort in Karunagappally, Kerala, South India. We sought interviews with all the residents in Karunagappally with the population of 385,103 (191,149 males and 193,954 females) in the 1991 census and established a cohort of 359,619 (93% of the population in 1991) in 1990. For analysis 264 breast cancer cases with age >= 20 years were selected from 438 breast cancer cases reported during the period 1990-2004 and for each case 3 non-cancer controls were randomly selected matched for age, religion and place of residence through the Cancer Registry, Karunagappally. Conditional logistic regression was used for the analysis. In the present study, in addition to a low number of pregnancies (P < 0.001 and P for trend < 0.001), more frequent intake of roots and tubers except tapioca (cassava) (OR for >= 5 times = 1.56, 95% CI = 1.09, 3.09, P for trend < 0.05), milk drinking (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.17-2.69, P < 0.01) and consumption of chicken meat (OR = 1.84, 95% CI = 1.09-3.09, P < 0.05) were found to increase breast cancer risk. The present study further showed that consumption of tapioca which is a commonly used food item in South India, particularly in Kerala, reduced breast cancer risk (OR = 0.55, 95% CI = 0.37-0.83, P < 0.01). Risk analysis was attempted among pre-and post-menopausal women separately and similar odds ratio were obtained. Consumption of tapioca (cassava) decreased risk of developing breast cancer among premenopausal women (P < 0.001 and OR = 0.35, 95% CI = 0.18, 0.65) and a low number of pregnancies (P < 0.01), consumption of roots & tubers (P < 0.05), usage of chicken meat (P = 0.05) increased the risk of breast cancer among post-menopausal women. Further studies seem warranted to confirm the possible protective effect of tapioca consumption. There is an increasing need of breast cancer prevention programs responsive to the cultural practices of the people and the study results should provide leads to cancer control programs especially in rural areas.
Efficacy of topical non-steroidal immunomodulators in the treatment of oral lichen planus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objectives The aim of this systematic review was to assess the efficacy and safety of topical non-steroidal immunomodulators (TNSIs) for oral lichen planus (OLP) treatment. Materials and methods A search strategy designed for this purpose retrieved 1156 references. After analysis of titles and abstracts, 75 studies were selected for full-text analysis. Only randomized controlled clinical trials were selected, resulting in 28 studies included for qualitative and quantitative analysis. Results The meta-analysis showed similar benefits in clinical response and symptom resolution between tacrolimus 0.1% and pimecrolimus 1% in comparison to topical steroids (TS). Pimecrolimus showed superior efficacy of clinical response but not for symptom resolution compared to placebo. Tacrolimus and pimecrolimus showed better performance preventing symptom relapse, while pimecrolimus also prevented clinical relapse better than TS. Cyclosporine was superior to placebo; however, TS showed better efficacy of clinical response. Thalidomide and retinoid were assessed in only one trial each, and both showed similar efficacy to TS. Rapamycin also presented similar clinical response to TS; however, the later showed greater reduction of symptoms. Mycophenolate mofetil 2% mucoadhesive was no better than placebo. No serious adverse effects have been reported. Cyclosporine showed a higher frequency and variety of adverse effects. Conclusions Topical tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are safe and effective alternatives for OLP treatment.
PCR-diagnosis of <i>Anaplasma marginale</i> in cattle populations of Ecuador and its molecular identification through sequencing of ribosomal 16S fragments; Background: Bovine anaplasmosis is an endemic disease in tropical and subtropical areas. It is caused by a bacterium named Anaplasma marginale, and represents an economic problem for cattle farmers due to the losses it generates, such as: mortalities, reduced production, quarantine measures, treatments and control of vectors. The method most often used to diagnose this haemotrophic bacterium is direct examination on blood smear, which sensitivity and specificity are limited compared to other methods such as PCR. The present study aimed at investigating the presence of A. marginale in dairy cattle of Luz de America commune, province of Santo Domingo de los Tsachilas. Two PCRs were used to amplify specific regions of the Rickettsia for its molecular identification.
LOSS OF MYOEPITHELIAL CELL CHARACTERISTICS IN METASTASIZING RAT MAMMARY-TUMORS RELATIVE TO THEIR NONMETASTASIZING COUNTERPARTS; A series of WF rat mammary tumors comprising 1 transplantable nonmetastasizing line (MT-W9), 2 predominantly lymphatic (SMT-2A and SMT-077) and 1 lymphatic and hematogenous (MT-450) metastasizing transplantable lines, and 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced nonmetastasizing primary tumors was examined for the presence of epithelial and myoepithelial cell characteristics with the use of immunocytochemical techniques. Tumor cells staining for myosin were only occasionally observed in a basal orientation in glandular structures in sections of DMBA-induced and MT-W9 tumors; antilaminin serum stained the peripheries of the glandular structures in the DMBA-induced and MT-W9 tumors but failed to stain the SMT-2A and SMT-077 tumor cells. In the nonmetastasizing tumors immunologically detectable keratin occurred mainly in the outer cellular layer of glandlike structures, whereas milk fat globule membrane immunoreactivity occurred primarily in the luminal cells. Both these types of immunoreactivity were observed in MT-450 tumor cells, but the pattern of keratin staining was random. No such immunoreactiivty occurred in SMT-2A or SMT-077 tumors. No tumor cell-associated staining for fibronectin was seen in any of the tumors examined, although host stromal components stained intensely. The nonmetastasizing tumors contained cuboidal epithelial cells with lumen formation, surface microvilli, and intercellular junctional complexes, together with a relatively undifferentiated elongated cell component. Other elongated cells showed hemidesmosomes, pinocytotic vesicles, tonofilaments, and small bundles of cytoplasmic filaments, suggesting gradations toward a myoepithelial phenotype. The MT-450 tumors were ultrstructurally similar to the nonmetastasizing tumors, but no features of myoepithelial cells were seen although some cuboidal epithelial cells exhibited prominent tonofilaments. The SMT-2A and SMT-077 tumors consisted of nests of cuboidal-like cells with highly pleomorphic nuclei and much intercellular collagen. A progressive loss of cellular differentiation characteristics, particularly those of the myoepithelial cell is indicated with increasing malignancy in this system.
A phase I trial of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D<sub>3</sub>) to prevent chemotherapy-induced alopecia; This study evaluated the toxicity and efficacy of topical topitriol (calcitriol, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-3) to prevent chemotherapy-induced alopecia (CIA). Patients with breast cancer scheduled to receive FAC chemotherapy (5-fluorouracil, adriamycin and cyclophosphamide) were eligible for the study. Initially, the first six patients were randomized in a double-blind fashion to have received topitriol or placebo with all subsequent patients being treated with topitriol, Topitriol cream (0.0025 or 0.005%; 25 and 50 mu g/g concentration) was administered topically twice a day. Three different doses and schedules of administration were evaluated including: 500 and 1000 mu g daily for 7 days prior to chemotherapy, and 2000 mu g daily for 5 days prior and 5 days post-chemotherapy. Fourteen patients were treated (12 with topitriol and two with placebo) at three different dose levels. All patients developed grade 2 alopecia between day 20 and 30 after chemotherapy, demonstrating the lack of efficacy of topical topitriol on this schedule of administration to prevent CIA. Eight patients exposed to topitriol developed a toxic maculopapular dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug. In conclusion, topical topitriol at the doses and schedules evaluated in this trial was ineffective to prevent CIA and induced a local dermatitis in areas exposed to the drug. [(C) 1999 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.].
EFFECTS OF SPHINOGOSINE, ISOQUINOLINE AND TANNIC-ACID ON THE HUMAN TAPE-STRIPPING MODEL AND THE PSORIATIC LESION; Published data (mainly from rodent skin) suggest a correlation between compounds which inhibit protein kinase C (PKC), have anti-inflammatory or antitumor characteristics and possess antipsoriatic potential. We have investigated the effects of topical application of sphingosine (a naturally occurring PKC inhibitor), isoquinoline (a component of coal tar which showed antipsoriatic capacities in the mouse tail model) and tannic acid (a plant phenol with antitumor activity) on human skin. In each case we have assessed (a) the level of induction of ornithine decarboxylase (ODC) following Sellotape(R) stripping as an indicator for potential PKC inhibition in vivo, and (b) its effects on the lesions of chronic plaque psoriasis. The control group consisted of 18 healthy volunteers, used for the ODC induction experiments (0.0/0.1/0.2 M sphingosine in ethanol, 100% coal tar and 0/50 mM tannic acid in acetone) and 17 psoriatic patients used for double-blind scoring of two randomly selected lesions (0.0/0.1 M sphingosine in ethanol, 0.0/0.2% isoquinoline in white vaseline/lanette wax cream 50%/50% and 0/10% tannic acid in lanette wax cream) and also for some of the ODC induction experiments (0.0/0.2% isoquinoline and 0/10% tannic acid). Biopsies were taken 8 h after stripping and ODC activity was assessed by measurement of (CO2)-C-14 release. Lesions were scored with a modified psoriasis area and severity index on days 0,7 (isoquinoline and tannic acid), 13 (sphingosine) and 21 (isoquinoline and tannic acid). Application of 0.1 or 0.2 M sphingosine resulted in a decrease of ODC activity of 52% and 66%, respectively (p < 0.01), but histologic sections showed intraepidermal necrosis. Isoquinoline, coal tar and tannic acid did not have any significant influence on ODC induction (p < 0.05). All compounds failed to show significant improvement of the psoriatic lesions. Therefore we may conclude that 'theoretical' antipsoriatic agents may be limited in practice by cytotoxicity and hence a narrow therapeutic index, poor penetration and lack of specificity. Further, a marked difference between the effects of these compounds on the skin of different species increases the difficulty of predicting antipsoriatic activity.
Effect of Suckling Type on Ovarian Activity of Postpartum Pelibuey Ewes, and Lamb Growing Rate During the First 90 Days After Birth; It was studied the effects of suckling on ewe parturition-first ovulation period (IPPO), changes in post-parturition body weight (CPC), and lamb daily weight gain (GDP) and mortality (M) during the first 90 d postpartum. Forty-two multiparous Pelibuey ewes with lambs were randomly assigned to one of three suckling treatments: continuous suckling (AC; n=16), restricted suckling (AR; n=16) and early weaning (DP; n=10). Ewes and lambs in AC stayed together 24 h a day nursing ad-libitum, ewes and lambs in AR stayed together for only 30 min a day (from 08:00 to 08:30) to nurse, and lambs in DIP were permanently separated from their mothers at day 7 after lambing and fed with a milk formula. A blank treatment consisting of non-pregnant ewes (OV; n=15) was included to remove the effect of season on treatments. Early weaning at day 7 after birth increased the number of ewes ovulating during the first 56 days postpartum, decreased the IPPO and weight lost of ewes (P<0.05), decreased lamb GDP and increased M relative to AC and AR (P<0.05). AR decreased the IPPO compared to AC, improved lamb GDP and decreased M compared to DID (P<0.05). Restricted suckling appears to be a better system for raising lambs and restore reproductive activity of ewes during the 3 month postpartum period.
Effects of probiotic <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> DN-114 001 in prevention of radiation-induced diarrhea:: Results from multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled nutritional trial; Purpose: To determine whether a probiotic drink containing Lactobacillus casei DN-114 001 reduces the incidence of radiation-induced diarrhea in patients with gynecologic cancer.
Surgical Assessment of Tissue Quality during Pelvic Organ Prolapse Repair in Postmenopausal Women Pre-Treated Either with Locally Applied Estrogen or Placebo: Results of a Double-Masked, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Trial; The aim of this prospective randomized, double-masked, placebo-controlled, multicenter study was to analyze the surgeon's individual assessment of tissue quality during pelvic floor surgery in postmenopausal women pre-treated with local estrogen therapy (LET) or placebo cream. Secondary outcomes included intraoperative and early postoperative course of the two study groups. Surgeons, blinded to patient's preoperative treatment, completed an 8-item questionnaire after each prolapse surgery to assess tissue quality as well as surgical conditions. Our hypothesis was that there is no significant difference in individual surgical assessment of tissue quality between local estrogen or placebo pre-treatment. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to identify independent risk factors for intra- or early postoperative complications. Out of 120 randomized women, 103 (86%) remained for final analysis. Surgeons assessed the tissue quality similarity in cases with or without LET, representing no statistically significant differences concerning tissue perfusion, tissue atrophy, tissue consistency, difficulty of dissection and regular pelvic anatomy. Regarding pre-treatment, the rating of the surgeon correlated significantly with LET (r = 0.043), meaning a correct assumption of the surgeon. Operative time, intraoperative blood loss, occurrence of intraoperative complications, total length of stay, frequent use of analgesics and rate of readmission did not significantly differ between LET and placebo pre-treatment. The rate of defined postoperative complications and use of antibiotics was significantly more frequent in patients without LET (p = 0.045 and p = 0.003). Tissue quality was similarly assessed in cases with or without local estrogen pre-treatment, but it seems that LET prior to prolapse surgery may improve vaginal health as well as tissue-healing processes, protecting these patients from early postoperative complications.
Different Gut Microbial Profiles in Sub-Saharan African and South Asian Women of Childbearing Age Are Primarily Associated With Dietary Intakes; Background: To compare and characterize the gut microbiota in women of childbearing age from sub-Saharan Africa (the Democratic Republic of the Congo, DRC) and South Asia (India), in relation to dietary intakes.
Selenium Nanoparticles Ameliorate Adverse Impacts of Aflatoxin in Nile Tilapia with Special Reference to <i>Streptococcus agalactiae</i> Infection; Aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) is a plant-origin toxin that could induce oxidative stress in fish. The micromineral selenium (Se) possesses well-documented antioxidant properties. To assess the ameliorative effects of SeNPs (1 mg/kg fish feed) on oxidative stress induced by AFB1 (500 mu g/kg fish feed), Nile tilapia (32.2 +/- 1.7 g body weight) were distributed randomly and even in six groups for 8-week feeding trial. Live enzymes, AST, ALT, and ALP levels were increased in the serum of fish fed AFB1-contaminated diet, and the addition of SeNPs could restore normal values compared to the control. The gene expression of antioxidant enzymes, superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzyme and catalase (CAT) enzyme, and DNA fragmentation were significantly increased in response to aflatoxin exposure, while dietary SeNPs could mitigate the generated oxidative stress. The innate immunity, serum antibacterial activity (SAA), oxidative burst activity (OBA), phagocytic activities (PA and PI), and gene expression of cytokines (interleukin (IL)-1 beta, heat shock protein70 (Hsp), and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha) revealed a status of immunosuppression in Nile tilapia fed on AFB1-contaminated diet. These findings showed that fish became more vulnerable to Streptococcus agalactiae infection with a high mortality rate while dietary SeNPs provided a high relative protection level (RPL). From the obtained findings, SeNPs could mitigate the oxidative stress induced by feeding the AFB1 diet and could boost the immunity of stressed Nile tilapia.
Topical corticosteroid has no influence on inflammation or efficacy after ingenol mebutate treatment of grade I to III actinic keratoses (AK): A randomized clinical trial; Background: Ingenol mebutate (IngMeb) is approved for treatment of actinic keratoses (AK) and may cause unpredictable local skin responses (LSR).
The iliac stemmed cup in reconstruction of the acetabular defects secondary to tumor resection: a systematic review of literature; Introduction Stemmed acetabular cups are suitable for reconstruction in case of important bone loss. Nevertheless, their use is not so common, because generally judged very invasive and technically difficult to implant. The aim of the present review is to verify the results of their use and to evaluate indications and complications. Materials and methods Literature research was performed in the main healthcare databases; indications, surgical technique, related complications, functional results and implant survival were valued and analyzed for every selected paper. Results 13 studies were selected, for a population of 424 patients and 428 hips. The main indication was reconstruction after tumor removal; the primary non-oncologic indication was revision for aseptic loosening. The most frequent complications were aseptic loosening and implant failure (16.2%), followed by deep infection (11.3%) and dislocation (9.8%). The average MSTS score was 65.9%; while data regarding functional results for degenerative cases are quite fragmented. The 5-years implant survival was 73.6%. Conclusions Data regarding SAC prostheses are quite rare in the literature; no prospective studies with comparisons with other reconstruction techniques are available so their use is mainly based on the experience of single centers. While data for tumors are more consistent and supported by studies, information on revisions of hip prosthesis implanted for degenerative problems is quite scarce. Preliminary results on the SAC prosthesis as a valid alternative both for tumoral and degenerative revision cases are encouraging. Prospective randomized studies are advocated to value results compared to alternative techniques.
Effect of probiotic for maintenance of remission in adult ulcerative colitis: a meta-analysis; Purpose: Ulcerative colitis (UC) is a relapsing inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) with unknown aetiology. Studies suggest that probiotic could prove treatment effective for UC. The aim of this meta-analysis was to rationally evaluate the effect of probiotics for maintenance of remission in adult UC patients. Materials and methods: Medline, Embase, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and China Journal Full text Database were retrieved for eligible clinical randomized controlled trials. Results: Seven randomized controlled trials met the inclusion criteria. Compared with non-probiotics group, the overall relapse rate of probiotics in maintaining remission in UC patients was no statistically significant difference (OR = 0.79, 95% CI 0.58-1.08, P = 0.14). Then we performed subgroup analysis, it showed a significant reduction in relapse rate in probiotics compared with placebo group (OR = 0.07, 95% CI: 0.02-0.26, P < 0.0001), but not with mesalazine group (OR: 1.03, 95% CI 0.69-1.53, P = 0.89), and Bifidobacteria (OR = 0.03, 95% CI: 0.00-0.15, P < 0.0001) had a better therapeutic effect than E. coli (OR = 1.11, 95% CI: 0.72-1.74), P = 0.63) compared with non-probiotics group; there had no significant difference in maintaining remission of active UC (OR = 0.49, 95% CI: 0.09-2.57, P = 0.40) than that of inactive UC (OR = 0.99, 95% CI 0.65-1.52, P = 0.98). The frequency of adverse effects was no significant difference (OR = 1.16, 95% CI: 0.92-1.47, p=0.22) in two groups. Conclusion: The present studies suggested that probiotics were not more safe and effective than mesalazine in maintenance remission of UC, but maybe more effective in maintaining remission in UC than placebo.
Nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of undergraduate students at the University of Ibadan, Nigeria; Objective: This study assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge and dietary pattern of undergraduate students.Design: A cross-sectional study design was employed.Setting: The University of Ibadan campus, Ibadan, Oyo state, Nigeria.Participants: A systematic random sampling of 367 undergraduate students was done. Method: A pretested self-administered questionnaire assessed the nutrition-related cancer prevention knowledge of the participants based on WCRF/AICR guidelines. A food frequency questionnaire was used to evaluate the dietary pattern. Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, body mass index and waist:hip ratio were measured and computed based on standard procedures.Results: Less than half (49%) had good nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention. About 30.0-40.0% frequently consumed legumes/nuts, vegetables and fruits respectively. About 75.0% frequently consumed processed cereals and grains (white rice, white bread and noodles). Above 20.0% were overweight, while 3.8% were obese. Less than 75.0% had low risk of abdominal obesity while 25.5% had high risk of abdominal obesity. Nutrition knowledge of cancer prevention was associated with the frequency of consumption of processed cereals and grains ((2) = 13.724; p= 0.000), legumes/nuts ((2) = 17.268; p = 0.000), meat ((2)= 22.972; p = 0.000), fish (2) = 23.017; p = 0.000), pastry snacks ((2) = 36.159; p = 0.000) and sugary drinks (2= 6.432; p = 0.011). There was no significant difference in knowledge of cancer prevention and the frequency of consumption of roots and tubers, milk, vegetables, and fruits. A higher risk of abdominal obesity was associated with infrequent consumption of legumes/nuts (2= 7.001, p = 0.008) in the males, and with vegetables (2= 6.771, p = 0.009) and fruits (2= 4.205, p = 0.040) intakes in the females.Conclusion: Nutrition-related knowledge of cancer prevention was low, and the respondents also had a poor dietary pattern. The high risk of abdominal obesity may be a pointer to the larger young adult population, emphasising a need for targeted intervention.
Surveillance of cattle health in the Netherlands: Monitoring trends and developments using routinely collected cattle census data; Since 2002, a national cattle health surveillance system (CHSS) is in place that consists of several surveillance components. The CHSS combines enhanced passive reporting, diagnostic and post-mortem examinations, random surveys for prevalence estimation of endemic diseases and quarterly data analysis. The aim of the data-analysis component, which is called the Trend Analysis Surveillance Component (TASC), is to monitor trends and developments in cattle health using routine census data. The challenges that were faced during the development of TASC and the merits of this surveillance component are discussed, which might be of help to those who want to develop a monitoring and surveillance system that includes data analysis. When TASC was developed, there were process-oriented challenges and analytical related issues that had to be solved. Process-oriented challenges involved data availability, confidentiality, quality, uniformity and economic value of the data. Analytical issues involved data validation, aggregation and modeling. Eventually, the results had to provide information on cattle health that was intuitive to the stakeholders and that could support decision making. Within TASC, both quarterly analysis on census data and, on demand, additional in-depth analysis are performed. The key monitoring indicators that are analyzed as part of TASC all relate to cattle health and involve parameters such as mortality, fertility, udder health and antimicrobial usage. Population-Averaged Generalized Estimating Equations, with the appropriate distribution (i.e. Gaussian, Poisson, Negative Binomial or Binomial) and link function (independent, log or logit), are used for analysis. Both trends in time and associations between cattle health indicators and potential confounders are monitored, discussed and reported to the stakeholders on a quarterly level. The flexibility of the in-depth analyses provides the possibility to conduct additional analyses when anomalies in trends of cattle health occur or when developments in the cattle industry need further investigation. In addition, part of the budget for the in-depth analysis can also be used to improve the models or add new data sources. The TASC provides insight in cattle health parameters, it visualizes trends in time, can be used to support or nuance signals that are detected in one of the other surveillance components and can provide warnings or initiate changes in policy when unfavorable trends occur. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The effect of chromium on inflammatory markers, 1st and 2nd phase insulin secretion in type 2 diabetes; Impaired insulin sensitivity (SI) and beta-cell function are the two main causes of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and are related to low-grade inflammation status. Trivalent chromium has shown to improve SI in our previous study. This might be due to the ability of decreasing interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) shown in animal studies. In the current study, we measured SI, beta-cell function, and plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha after treatment of chromium chloride (GaCr) in T2D.
Effects of the PREMIER Interventions on Health-Related Quality of Life; Background Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) is an important aspect of well-being that may improve with health behavior interventions. However, health behavior change is difficult with pressure to maintain status quo.
A Double-Blind, Randomized Intervention Study on the Effect of a Whey Protein Concentrate on <i>E. coli</i>-Induced Diarrhea in a Human Infection Model; Infectious diseases are a major cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Nutritional interventions may enhance resistance to infectious diseases or help to reduce clinical symptoms. Here, we investigated whether a whey protein concentrate (WPC) could decrease diarrheagenic Escherichia coli-induced changes in reported stool frequency and gastrointestinal complaints in a double-blind, parallel 4-week intervention study. Subjects were randomly assigned to a whey hydrolysate placebo group, a low-dose WPC group or a high-dose WPC group. After 2 weeks of consumption, subjects (n = 121) were orally infected with a high dose of live but attenuated diarrheagenic E. coli (strain E1392/75-2A; 1E10 colony-forming units). Subjects recorded information on stool consistency and the frequency and severity of symptoms in an online diary. The primary outcome parameters were a change in stool frequency (stools per day) and a change in Gastrointestinal Symptom Rating Scale (GSRS) diarrhea score between the first and second days after infection. Neither dose of the whey protein concentrate in the dietary treatment affected the E. coli-induced increase in stool frequency or GSRS diarrhea score compared to placebo treatment. The composition of the microbiota shifted between the start of the study and after two weeks of consumption of the products, but no differences between the intervention groups were observed, possibly due to dietary guidelines that subjects had to adhere to during the study. In conclusion, consumption of the whey protein concentrate by healthy adults did not reduce diarrhea scores in an E. coli infection model compared to a whey hydrolysate placebo control.
Effect of Methyl Aminolevulinate Photodynamic Therapy With and Without Ablative Fractional Laser Treatment in Patients With Microinvasive Squamous Cell Carcinoma A Randomized Clinical Trial; IMPORTANCE Surgical excision is the standard treatment for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, microinvasive SCC (Clark level II) is limited to the papillary dermis, and it should be differentiated from invasive SCC. Ablative fractional laser-primed photodynamic therapy (AFL-PDT) may have enhanced efficacy.
Microarray analysis of aberrant gene expression in actinic keratosis: effect of the Toll-like receptor-7 agonist imiquimod; The molecular events leading to actinic keratosis (AK) are not well understood.
The Jacki Jacket after mastectomy with reconstruction: a randomized pilot study; Background Breast cancer patients undergoing mastectomy with reconstruction (TM + R) often experience post-operative discomfort from surgical drains. Despite a variety of garment options for use in the post-operative period, high-quality data assessing the impact of specific garments on post-operative pain are lacking. We report the results of a prospective randomized trial assessing the impact of the Jacki Jacket (JJ), a long-sleeve jacket with inner drain receptacle pockets, on post-discharge pain and quality of life (QOL) after TM + R. Methods Breast cancer patients undergoing TM + R at a single institution were randomized post-operatively to receive a JJ or usual care (UC). Participant-reported demographics, pain intensity, and QOL were collected on post-operative day 1 (T1). Following discharge, participants completed a daily pain and medication dairy (T2); on day of drain(s) removal (T3), participants again completed pain and QOL questionnaires. Linear models were used to evaluate associations between JJ use, post-operative pain, and QOL. Results From 3/8/17 to 12/20/17, 139 women were randomized. All participants completed T1 measures, 102 returned the T2 diary, and 118 (84.9%) completed T3 questionnaires. There was no significant difference in pain scores between JJ and UC arms at any timepoint. Adjusting for surgery type, age, marital status, depression, and obesity, participants randomized to JJ reported significantly better body image scores (estimate = 12.94, p = 0.009). There were no adverse events. Conclusions Although JJ garment use did not impact post-operative pain intensity scores, the significant impact of JJ use on body image supports consideration for inclusion of such garments in post-operative care for patients undergoing TM + R.
Food groups and risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and heart failure: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective studies; Background: Despite growing evidence for food-based dietary patterns' potential to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, knowledge about the amounts of food associated with the greatest change in risk of specific cardiovascular outcomes and about the quality of meta-evidence is limited. Therefore, the aim of this meta-analysis was to synthesize the knowledge about the relation between intake of 12 major food groups (whole grains, refined grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, eggs, dairy, fish, red meat, processed meat, and sugar-sweetened beverages [SSB]) and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke and heart failure (HF).Methods: We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Embase up to March 2017 for prospective studies. Summary risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated using a random effects model for highest versus lowest intake categories, as well as for linear and non-linear relationships.Results: Overall, 123 reports were included in the meta-analyses. An inverse association was present for whole grains (RRCHD: 0.95 (95% CI: 0.92-0.98), RRHF: 0.96 (0.95-0.97)), vegetables and fruits (RRCHD: 0.97 (0.96-0.99), and 0.94 (0.90-0.97); RRstroke: 0.92 (0.86-0.98), and 0.90 (0.84-0.97)), nuts (RRCHD: 0.67 (0.43-1.05)), and fish consumption (RRCHD: 0.88 (0.79-0.99), RRstroke: 0.86 (0.75-0.99), and RRHF: 0.80 (0.67-0.95)), while a positive association was present for egg (RRHF: 1.16 (1.03-1.31)), red meat (RRCHD: 1.15 (1.08-1.23), RRstroke: 1.12 (1.06-1.17), RRHF: 1.08 (1.02-1.14)), processed meat (RRCHD: 1.27 (1.09-1.49), RRstroke: 1.17 (1.02-1.34), RRHF: 1.12 (1.05-1.19)), and SSB consumption (RRCHD: 1.17 (1.11-1.23), RRstroke: 1.07 (1.02-1.12), RRHF: 1.08 (1.05-1.12)) in the linear dose-response meta-analysis. There were clear indications for non-linear dose-response relationships between whole grains, fruits, nuts, dairy, and red meat and CHD.Conclusion: An optimal intake of whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, dairy, fish, red and processed meat, eggs and SSB showed an important lower risk of CHD, stroke, and HF.
The 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part II - Therapy; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the management of hypertension in adults.
Meat intake, methods and degrees of cooking and breast cancer risk in the MCC-Spain study; Objective: To analyse the relationship of the risk of breast cancer (BC) to meat intake, preference regarding degree of cooking ('doneness') and cooking methods, using data from a population-based case-control study (MCC-Spain).
Effects of dietary copper and molybdenum on copper status, cytokine production, and humoral immune response of calves; Twenty-four male Holstein calves were used to determine the effects of dietary Cu and Mo on performance, Cu status, and immune function of calves. Calves were fed a milk replacer that was deficient in Cu for 8 wk and then were randomly assigned after weaning to one of four treatments: 1) control (no supplemental Cu or Mo), 2) 10 mg of Cu (from CuSO4)/kg of dry matter (DM) (Cu diet), 3) 5 mg of Mo (from Na2MoO4)/kg of DM (Mo diet), or 4) 5 mg of Cu (from CuSO4) and 5 mg of Mo (from Na2MoO4)/kg of DM (Cu + Mo diet). The basal diet was a semipurified diet that contained approximately 1.1 mg of Cu and 1.1 mg of Mo/kg of DM. Calves fed the Cu and Mo diets gained weight more efficiently than those fed the control and Cu + Mo diets during the 112-d study. By d 84 of the study, calves fed the Cu diet had higher plasma Cu concentrations and plasma ceruloplasmin activities than did calves fed the other three diets and had higher Liver Cu concentrations on d 136. Plasma and liver Cu concentrations did not differ among calves fed the control, Mo, and Cu + Mo diets. At d 112, activity of Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase was lower in calves fed the Mo diet than in calves fed the Cu diet. Serum total antibodies to porcine erythrocytes (primary response) were lower in calves fed the Mo diet than in calves fed the Cu diet at 7, 14, and 21 d postinoculation. Production of tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-l by isolated peripheral blood monocytes was not significantly affected by treatment. Although no differences were apparent in plasma or Liver Cu concentrations among calves fed the control, Mo, and Cu + Mo diets, calves fed the Mo diet had a more severe Cu deficiency based on depressed humoral immune response and superoxide dismutase activity.
Use of bisphosphonates in the treatment of osteoporosis; Objective: To describe the mechanisms of action of bisphosphonates in the treatment of osteoporosis and compare bisphosphonate therapy with other treatments.
The effects of fermented soybean meal on immunophysiological and stress-related parameters in Holstein calves after weaning; The present experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of partial substitution of soybean meal (SBM) with fermented SBM (FSBM) on immunophysilogical and stress-related parameters in Holstein calves after weaning. Eighteen Holstein calves were randomly assigned to receive either SBM or FSBM (5% of SBM was replaced with FSBM) calf starter and calves were weaned at 42 d of age. It was noted that FSBM contained a lower content of trypsin inhibitor but higher crude protein, amino acids, and small-sized peptides than those of SBM. The group fed FSBM calf starter significantly increased body weight gain and intakes of both feed and milk, when compared with those fed OM calf starter at 4 wk of age. Calves fed the FSBM calf starter had significantly lower fecal scores than those fed the SBM calf starter during both pre- and postweaning periods. Calves also had better health scores when fed the FSBM calf starter than those fed SBM during the preweaning period. Weaning challenge significantly increased proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-1 beta, and IL-6 levels at 1 d postweaning (DPW). The TNF-alpha and IL-6 levels of the SBM group were significantly higher compared with those of the FSBM group at 3 DPW. Acute phase proteins (serum amyloid A and haptoglobin) in the serum were increased after weaning. Concentrations of serum amyloid A and haptoglobin in calves fed FSBM calf starter were significantly lower than those fed the SBM calf starter at 3 and 5 DPW, respectively. The concentration of cortisol was significantly lower in the FSBM group than that of the SBM group at 3 DPW. Weaning stress did not cause drastic changes in the total serum immunoglobulin levels and composition of peripheral lymphocytes. Our results indicate that FSBM may not only improve growth performance, feed intake, and health conditions during the preweaning period, but also alleviate stress responses, which was indicated by reduced induction of stress hormone, proinflammatory cytokines, and acute phase proteins in Holstein calves after weaning.
Mendelian randomization does not support serum calcium in prostate cancer risk; PurposeObservational studies suggest that dietary and serum calcium are risk factors for prostate cancer. However, such studies suffer from residual confounding (due to unmeasured or imprecisely measured confounders), undermining causal inference. Mendelian randomization uses randomly assigned (hence unconfounded and pre-disease onset) germline genetic variation to proxy for phenotypes and strengthen causal inference in observational studies. We tested the hypothesis that serum calcium is associated with an increased risk of overall and advanced prostate cancer.MethodsA genetic instrument was constructed using five single-nucleotide polymorphisms robustly associated with serum calcium in a genome-wide association study (n61,079). This instrument was then used to test the effect of a 0.5mg/dL increase (1 standard deviation, SD) in serum calcium on risk of prostate cancer in 72,729 men in the PRACTICAL (Prostate Cancer Association Group to Investigate Cancer Associated Alterations in the Genome) Consortium (44,825 cases, 27,904 controls) and risk of advanced prostate cancer in 33,498 men (6,263 cases, 27,235 controls).ResultsWe found weak evidence for a protective effect of serum calcium on prostate cancer risk (odds ratio [OR] per 0.5mg/dL increase in calcium: 0.83, 95% CI 0.63-1.08; p=0.12). We did not find strong evidence for an effect of serum calcium on advanced prostate cancer (OR per 0.5mg/dL increase in calcium: 0.98, 95% CI 0.57-1.70; p=0.93).ConclusionsOur Mendelian randomization analysis does not support the hypothesis that serum calcium increases risk of overall or advanced prostate cancer.
Effects of alkaline mineral complex supplementation on production performance, serum variables, and liver transcriptome in calves; Calf diarrhea causes huge economic losses to livestock due to its high incidence and mortality rates. Alkaline mineral complex water is an alkaline solution containing silicon, sodium, potassium, zinc, and germanium, and has biological benefits and therapeutic effects. This study aimed to evaluate the impact of alkaline mineral complex water supplementation on the health of calves and to investigate the effect of Alkaline mineral complex water supplementation on neonatal calf serum variables and the liver transcriptome. Sixty Holstein calves (age 1.88 +/- 0.85 days, weight 36.63 +/- 3.34 kg) were selected and randomly divided into two groups: the T group (treatment group with alkaline mineral complex water supplemented during the experiment) and C group (control group without alkaline mineral complex water supplementation). Alkaline mineral complex water supplementation significantly increased the body weight for calves aged 60 d and average daily gain during the experimental period (1-60 d). In addition, Alkaline mineral complex water supplementation could significantly decrease the diarrhea rate for calves aged 16-30 d, enhance the T-AOC, IgG, IGF-1, and IGFBP-2 in concentrations. The results of KEGG enrichment analysis in transcriptomics indicate that Alkaline mineral complex water supplementation inhibited the target IL-1B gene of the NF-kappa B signaling pathway of liver. Alkaline mineral complex water supplementation decreased calf diarrhea and improved partial immune function, anti-inflammatory activity, antioxidant capacity, and health of calves. Alkaline mineral complex is a candidate to replace medicated feed additives. Alkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex waterAlkaline mineral complex water.
TREATMENT OF MALIGNANT HYPERTENSION WITH INFUSION OF SODIUM-CHLORIDE - A CASE-REPORT AND A REVIEW; A man, now 46 yr old, 159 cm in height and 39 kg in weight, was diagnosed 5 yr ago as essential hypertension with hypertensive nephropathy. On that occasion, renovascular stenosis was ruled out angiographically. He developed malignant hypertension and was admitted to our hospital. On admission, severe hypertension (260/160 mmHg), hyponatremia (132 meq/l), high reninemia (40.0 ng/ml; normal, 5.0-30.0 ng/ml), high serum aldosterone level (840 pg/ml; normal, 10-100 pg/ml) and advanced retinal changes (KW-III [Keith-Wegener class III]) were found. He lost 10 kg in weight during the preceding 3 mo. Other characteristic laboratory findings were hypopotassemia (3.8 meq/l), hypochloremia (85 meq/l), slight alkalosis, high serum lactate dehydrogenase level, increased cardio-thoracic ratio and milk azotmia (BUN[blood urea nitrogen]-46 mg/100 ml, serum creatinine-3.8 mg/100 ml). As a therapeutic trial, .beta.-blocker and hydralazine were administered but no improvement was obtained. Then, Na was infused in a dose of 328 meq dissolved in 1500 ml water in a time period of 12 h. After the start of Na supplementation (1 h), his blood pressure was dramatically decreased to 174/120 mmHg; 3 h after the infusion, the blood pressure was 149/90 mmHg; 1 h after the end of the infusion, the blood pressure remained as low as 130/90 mmHg. At the end of the infusion serum Na rose to 141 meq/l, PRA [plasma renin activity] decreased to 8.0 ng/ml, serum aldosterone level fell to 250 pg/ml, urinary Na excretion decreased and body weight increased by 1.5 kg. In this patient, extreme hypertension caused an excessive diuresis causing fluid and Na depletion in the body, which, in turn, increased renin release and blood pressure elevation. Malignant hypertension with hyponatremia and emaciation is an indication of parenteral Na supplementation and most important in the control of malignant hypertension is to keep the Na balance in an appropriate range.
LIF after excitation with ultrafast laser irradiation, the response of a single cell and the effect of its scattering environment; New and fascinating field of highly scattering gain media, random lasers and the study of the behavior of such materials of biological significance is presented. Especially the study of the behaviour of various fluorophores embedded in highly scattering matrices. The observed fluorescence signal of the fluorophore quenches in both temporal and spectral domains due to the intense scattering that the photons undergo. This happens when the excitation energy reaches and exceeds a threshold value. Above that value the narrowed fluorescence exhibits the same features as the excitation laser pulse. Lifetime in the order of 50 psec and spectral FWHM in the order of few nanometers are observed. For energies bellow the threshold value the amplification is negligible and the samples behave exactly as those without scatterers. As the excitation energy increases the laser action requirements are fulfilled and the sudden narrowing takes place.
Comparison of changes in fecal microbiota of calves with and without dam; In pastoral areas and semi-agricultural and semi-pastoral areas of Sichuan, beef cattle breeding mode is mainly dependent on nature to raise livestock. On the one hand, owing to the shortage of forage grass in spring, cows suffer from malnutrition. On the other hand, competition for milk between human and livestock further deepens the malnutrition of newborn calves, and the mortality rate even exceeds 40%, resulting in serious waste of beef cattle source resources. The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of different cultivation methods (calves with and without dam) and age on calves hindgut microbiome. Sixteen healthy calves (Yak male x Pian cattle female, with similar birthday 0 +/- 2 d and body weight 13.1 +/- 1.13 kg), were selected and randomly divided into two groups. The control group was cultivated with heifers, whereas the treatment group was cultivated without heifers and was fed milk replacer during the whole 95 days formal experimental period. Fecal samples were collected on 35, 65 and 95 days of age for high-throughput sequencing. The alpha-diversity was different between the two groups on day 35; however, the bacterial species richness and diversity was almost not different on day 95. Principal coordinates analysis revealed significant difference between the two groups on all the three time points, and the timepoints of day 65 and 95 were closer and separated from the timepoints of day 35 in calves with dam, whereas the timepoints of day 35 and 65 were closer and separated from day 95 in calves without dam. As time passed, the abundance of Firmicutes increased, while Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria decreased in calves with dam. But in calves without dam, the abundance of Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria increased on day 65 and then decreased on day 95. In genus level, the relative abundance of Bacteroides decreased in calf with dam while its abundance increased first and then decreased in calf without dam but both resulted in the range of 3.5 similar to 4.5%. The relative abundance of Lactobacillus decreased, whereas Ruminococcaceae UCG-005 increased in both groups as the calf grew up. It was concluded that the richness and evenness of the microbial communities was higher in calves with dam than without dam, and a stable gut microbiome in calve with dam is established earlier than calf without dam.
Association between Selected Dietary Habits and Lipid Profiles of Patients with Cardiovascular Disease; This study evaluated the associations between selected dietary habits and lipid profiles in a group of 800 randomly selected patients hospitalized in the Nitra Cardio Center, Slovakia. Patients were aged 20-101 years (only men, the average age was 61.13 +/- 10.47 years). The data necessary for the detection of dietary habits were obtained by a questionnaire method in closed-ended format. Data collection was carried out simultaneously with the somatometric and biochemical examinations of the respondents ensured by the Nitra Cardio Center. The following parameters were evaluated: total cholesterol (T-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, and blood glucose. Statistical comparisons between groups were performed using one-way analysis of variance (one-way ANOVA), followed by Tukey's post hoc test. We detected significant differences (p < 0.05) in the influence of the number of daily meals on T-C and LDL-C, which were higher in men who consumed 1-2 meals compared with 3-4 or 5-6 meals. In the consumption of meat, eggs, and fish, there was no significant effect on the biochemical parameters of blood (p > 0.05). We recorded a significant effect (p < 0.001) on T-C and LDL-C levels between low-fat and whole-fat milk consumption. Except for the impact of fruit consumption on the HDL-C level (p < 0.001), the different frequencies of fruit consumption showed non-significant changes for the lipid profile levels. We detected a significant effect (p = 0.017) of the consumption of vegetables 1-2 times/week on LDL-C in favor of daily consumption. Our results support that monitoring the lipid profile is an important determinant in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease. The conducted research emphasizes the importance of diet dependence on the improvement of the quality of treatment and nutrition of people with this type of disease.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
FAILURE OF LACTOSE-RESTRICTED DIETS TO PREVENT RADIATION-INDUCED DIARRHEA IN PATIENTS UNDERGOING WHOLE PELVIS IRRADIATION; Sixty-four patients were randomized prior to pelvic radiotherapy into one of three dietary groups: the control group maintained a regular diet except that they drank at least 480 cc of milk daily; the lactose-restricted group was placed on a lactose-restricted diet; and the lactase group drank at least 480 cc of milk with lactase enzyme added to hydrolyze 90% of the lactose. The patients kept records of their stool frequency and the number of diphenoxylate tablets required to control their  diarrhea during a 5 week course of standard whole pelvis irradiation. The data does not support the concept that one of the mechanisms of radiation-induced diarrhea associated with pelvic irradiation is a reduction the ability of the intestine to hydrolyze ingested lactose due to the effect of the radiation on the small intestine. There was not a significant difference in stool frequency or diphenoxylate usage among the dietary groups.
Probiotics as a treatment strategy for gastrointestinal diseases?; Current interest in probiotics is motivated not only by the clinical data showing efficacy of some probiotic bacteria but also by the increasing antibiotic resistance of pathogenic bacteria (particularly in hospitals) and the rise of consumers' demand for natural substitutes of drugs. Only few randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled human trials are available, and some involved only small numbers of patients. They are difficult to compare because of differences in probiotic strains employed, doses and formulation. Among probiotic applications, reduction of diarrhea is probably the best-documented effect confirmed by recent meta-analyses. Literature on Helicobacter pylori indicates that probiotics are unable to eradicate the infection but could be useful in decreasing infection levels and as adjuvants of therapy-associated side effects. Studies performed in inflammatory bowel disease suggest that high doses of probiotics and most likely a combination of different lactobacilli and bifidobacteria are more effective in decreasing inflammatory score and maintaining patients in remission than a single probiotic strain. Probiotic studies evaluating amelioration of symptoms in irritable bowel syndrome would require more sustained patient numbers. However, accumulated data is encouraging and suggests that efficacy is strain-dependent. Finally, too few probiotic intervention trials have been reported on colon cancer to allow any firm conclusion. Copyright (c) 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Women in Pakistan have a greater burden of clinical cardiovascular risk factors than men; Aims: Migrant South Asian population in the West, particularly women, is more predisposed to central obesity and metabolic syndromes than native Caucasians. However, the burden of coexistence of clinical risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated gender disparities in native population of South Asia are not known. We analyzed the National Health Survey of Pakistan (NHSP) (1990-1994) data to study the same in the population of Pakistan.
Interaction between plasma phospholipid odd-chain fatty acids and GAD65 autoantibodies on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study; Aims/hypothesis Islet autoimmunity may progress to adult-onset diabetes. We investigated whether circulating odd-chain fatty acids (OCFA) 15:0 and 17:0, which are inversely associated with type 2 diabetes, interact with autoantibodies against GAD65 (GAD65Ab) on the incidence of adult-onset diabetes.
Evidence-based criteria in the nutritional context; During the last decade, approaches to evidence-based medicine, with its heavy reliance on the randomized clinical trial (RCT), have been adapted to nutrition science and policy. However, there are distinct differences between the evidence that can be obtained for the testing of drugs using RCTs and those needed for the development of nutrient requirements or dietary guidelines. Although RCTs present one approach toward understanding the efficacy of nutrient interventions, the innate complexities of nutrient actions and interactions cannot always be adequately addressed through any single research design. Because of the limitations inherent in RCTs, particularly of nutrients, it is suggested that nutrient policy decisions will have to be made using the totality of the available evidence. This may mean action at a level of certainty that is different from what would be needed in the evaluation of drug efficacy. Similarly, it is judged that the level of confidence needed in defining nutrient requirements or dietary recommendations to prevent disease can be different from that needed to make recommendations to treat disease. In brief, advancing evidence-based nutrition will depend upon research approaches that include RCTs but go beyond them. Also necessary to this advance is the assessing, in future human studies, of covariates such as biomarkers of exposure and response, and the archiving of samples for future evaluation by emerging technologies.
Food Composition of the Diet in Relation to Changes in Waist Circumference Adjusted for Body Mass Index; Background: Dietary factors such as low energy density and low glycemic index were associated with a lower gain in abdominal adiposity. A better understanding of which food groups/items contribute to these associations is necessary.
Effects of chemopreventive agents on the incidence of recurrent colorectal adenomas: a systematic review with network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Protective effects of several chemopreventive agents (CPAs) against colorectal adenomas have been well documented in randomized controlled trials (RCTs); however, there is uncertainty regarding which agents are the most effective.
Food intake patterns and risk of coronary heart disease: a prospective cohort study examining the use of traditional scoring techniques; Objective: This study analyses the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) associated with food intake patterns.
THE EFFECTIVENESS OF ANTENATAL EDUCATION OF PAKISTANI AND INDIAN WOMEN LIVING IN THIS COUNTRY; Eighty-two Asian women (mostly Muslims) living in East London were prospectively studied through their pregnancy and delivery. Their infants were assessed during the second year of life for growth, nutrition, morbidity, development and vaccination history. There was no increase in perinatal or infant mortality over the general population in the same borough, though there was increased infant morbidity, most commonly iron deficiency (in 25%), and one child with subclinical rickets. One child had  a genetic neurodegenerative disorder. The incidence of low birth weight babies was only slightly greater than that of the district as a whole, but after 1 year of age they were less well grown than the population studied by Tanner and Whitehouse. Sixty-four per cent of the women started to breast feed, but many also gave artifical milk and they usually ceased to breast feed earlier than most women in the same district. When half of the women were randomly allocated to receive specialized  education, with the others acting as controls, very few attended and little benefit was detected. Though the significance is doubtful, the infants of those educated did tend to be better grown (especially in length), be less likely to have development well below average, have reduced morbidity and have more complete immunization schedules than those of the women not receiving education. This study shows no benefit due to antenatal education, but suggests that the children have advantages when  their mothers have the drive to attend the education sessions.
ASSESSMENT OF CALF HEALTH CARE AND MANAGEMENT PRACTICES UNDER SMALLHOLDER PRODUCTION SYSTEM IN PUNJAB, PAKISTAN; This study was conducted to evaluate health care and management practices for calves less than or equal to 12 months of age in smallholder production system. Data was collected using household survey technique in Lodhran district, Punjab, Pakistan. 14 villages were selected using stratified proportionate random sampling method and 10 calf keeping households from each village were interviewed using a semi-structured questionnaire. Calves were not allowed to free range therefore all farmers practiced stall feeding. Housing facilities were of poor quality in half of farms (50.7%). Farmers were not using modern technologies of milk replacer, urea treated wheat straw and urea molasses blocks. All farmers offered colostrum however timings of offering differed. 75.7% farmers performed navel cord cutting and disinfection. All farmers offered treatment but majority (87.1%) practiced self-medication first. Vaccination rate was good at 94.3%. Almost all farmers performed drenching and dipping on their calves but there were vast differences in when and on what conditions they will be performed. Calf mortality rate for the last 12 months was 18.78%. Weaning age was high from modern calf rearing perspective. These findings suggest that there have been marked improvements in some parameters but farmers are still following traditional methods and practices of calf rearing due to severe lack of training related to calf rearing. There is a need for improvement in various aspects related to calf rearing including feed, housing, weaning and training.
A proposed method to determine fumonisin exposure from maize consumption in a rural South African population using a culturally appropriate FFQ; Objective To develop an FFQ for estimating culture-specific maize intake that can distinguish between home-grown and commercial maize. Home-grown maize is more likely to be contaminated with fumonisins, mycotoxins that are associated with increased risk of oesophageal cancer.
Insulin-like growth factor-1 and binding protein-3 in a 2-year soya intervention among premenopausal women; Soya foods may protect against the development of breast cancer. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 is under investigation as a possible link between nutrition and cancer. We examined the effect of soya foods on circulating IGF-1 and IGF binding protein (BP)-3 levels among 196 healthy premenopausal women in a 2-year randomised nutritional trial. The intervention group consumed two daily servings of soya foods including tofu, soya milk, soya nuts and soya protein powder (equivalent to 50 mg isoflavones and 5-22 g soya protein per serving); the controls maintained their regular diet. Five serum samples at baseline, 3, 6, 12, and 24 months were collected in the morning during the luteal phase and analysed for IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 by double-antibody ELISA. We applied mixed models to investigate the intervention effect and predictors of serum levels while considering the repeated measurement design. Adherence with the study regimen was high and dropout rates were acceptable. Randomisation resulted in similar mean IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels by group. We did not observe a significant intervention effect on IGF-1, IGFBP-3, and their molar ratio during the entire study period. However, urinary isoflavone excretion during the study period was positively associated with IGF-1 (P=0.04) and the IGF-1:IGFBP-3 ratio (P=0.06). The effect was consistent over time. Adding soya foods to the diet of premenopausal women does not appear to lower serum levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3; if anything, the greater protein intake from soya may lead to a small increase in IGF-1 serum levels.
A compensatory nutrition regimen during gestation stimulates mammary development and lactation potential in rats; The proper nutritional status during the hormone-sensitive growth phases preceding first parturition can affect mammary development and subsequent lactation performance. We developed a compensatory nutrition regimen (CNR), which is designed to stimulate mammary growth by exploiting the biological characteristics of the energy restriction and compensatory growth phenomenon. In the present study, we examined the effect of compensatory growth induced only once during late gestation upon mammary development and subsequent lactation potential over 2 lactation cycles. Female rats were mated and randomly assigned to either the control or the CNR group. Control rats were offered the control diet (AIN-93G) throughout the experiment. CNR rats were subjected to 40% energy restriction during the first 10 d of gestation followed by free access to the control diet for the remainder of the experiment. Dams on the CNR produced 14% more milk than control dams (P = 0.12). Mammary cell proliferation rates were similar to46% (P < 0.05) and 27% (P = 0.07) higher in the CNR group than in the control during late gestation and early lactation of the first lactation cycle, respectively. Caspase-3 enzyme activity was decreased 15% (P < 0.05) and 22% (P = 0.11) in mammary tissues from the CNR group compared with that from the controls during the first and second lactation cycles, respectively. These results indicate that compensatory growth induced only once during late gestation increases mammary cell proliferation and differentiation and decreases regression of mammary cells throughout consecutive lactation cycles.
Topical Management of Acute Radiation Dermatitis in Breast Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Aim: To evaluate the efficacy of topical corticosteroids in managing acute radiation dermatitis (RD) in female breast cancer patients. Materials and Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, CENTRAL, ScienceDirect, Google Scholar and Clinicaltrials.gov. were searched up to and including March 2017 to identify Randomised Controlled Trials (RCTs) assessing topical corticosteroids for the management and prevention of acute RD. Results: Ten RCTs (919 participants) were identified. Meta-analysis, including results for 845 participants, demonstrated significant benefits of topical corticosteroids in preventing the incidence of wet desquamation (OR: 0.29; 95% CI: 0.19-0.45; p<0.0001) and reducing the mean RD score (SMD: -0.47, 95% CI: -0.61 - -0.33, p<0.00001). Conclusion: Topical corticosteroids impacted on the incidence of wet desquamation and the average RD score observed in female breast cancer patients. The use of topical corticosteroids can reduce pruritus in participants and improve quality of life.
Black Cohosh and Breast Cancer: A Systematic Review; Background. Many women use black cohosh as a natural treatment for menopausal symptoms. However, controversy exists around safety in breast cancer, because of its purported estrogenic activity. We conducted a systematic review of black cohosh use in women with or at risk of breast cancer.Methods. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and AMED from inception to July 2012 and October 2012 for human interventional or observational data pertaining to the safety and efficacy of black cohosh in patients with or at risk of breast cancer, including an assessment of the effect of black cohosh on estrogen responsive tissues. Results. Of 450 records, we included 26 articles: 14 randomized controlled trials, 7 uncontrolled trials, and 5 observational studies.The evidence on efficacy for ho t flashes is divided, with some benefits seen when compared with baseline, but not when compared with placebo. Two observational studies found no association between black cohosh and risk of breast cancer, whereas 2 studies reported significant reductions in risk of primary breast cancer among postmenopausal women (adjusted odds ratio = 0.47, 95% confidence interval = 0.27-0.82), and risk of recurrence (adjusted hazard ratio = 0.75, 95% confidence interval = 0.63-0.89). Seventeen trials showed no significant impact on circulating hormone levels or proliferation in estrogen responsive tissues. Conclusions. Current evidence does not support an association between black cohosh and increased risk of breast cancer. There is a lack of evidence supporting the efficacy of black cohosh for reduction of hot flashes in breast cancer patients. Given conflicting but promising results, and apparent safety, further research is warranted.
Prophylactic Use of Meloxicam and Paracetamol in Peripartal Sows Suffering From Postpartum Dysgalactia Syndrome; Postpartum dysgalactia syndrome (PPDS) is a major economic problem in modern sow farms. General treatment of PPDS consists of the use of oxytocin to promote milk ejection and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) to alleviate inflammatory processes. So far, studies investigated the use of a single administration of NSAIDs after parturition in healthy and non-healthy sows. The current study investigated whether administration of meloxicam or paracetamol in sows prior to parturition improves sow and piglet health as well as performance in a farm with PPDS problems in sows. Sixty sows and 978 piglets from a Belgian farrow-to-finish farm were enrolled. Sows were randomly divided into three groups: a non-treated control group, a meloxicam-treated group and a paracetamol-treated group. Treatment was administered orally for 7 days from gestation day 113 onwards. Performance and health parameters investigated in sows were gestation length, farrowing duration, litter characteristics, colostrum yield and quality (Immunoglobulin G), litter weight gain, weaning-to-estrus interval, pregnancy rate, rectal temperature, acute phase proteins and inflammatory markers serum amyloid A, haptoglobin, interferon gamma, interleukin 1 beta and 6 backfat, constipation and feed refusal. Performance and health parameters in piglets were birthweight, average daily weight gain, colostrum intake and mortality. Paracetamol-treated sows showed a significantly (P = 0.04) lower rectal temperature (mean +/- SD: 38.09 +/- 0.18 degrees C) than the meloxicam-treated sows (38.24 +/- 0.18 degrees C), but not than the control group (38.22 +/- 0.18 degrees C). Sows of the paracetamol-treated group had a significantly (P = 0.001) longer gestation length (116.3 +/- 0.9 days) than sows of the control group (115.3 +/- 0.6 days), but not than meloxicam-treated sows (115.9 +/- 0.9 days). No significant differences between the three groups were found for all the other parameters. In conclusion, the prophylactic oral administration of either meloxicam or paracetamol for 7 days starting 2 days prior to farrowing did not show beneficial effects on both health and performance parameters of sows and piglets.
Circulating levels of vitamin D, vitamin D receptor polymorphisms, and colorectal adenoma: a meta-analysis; Growing evidence suggests an elevated risk for colorectal neoplasia among individuals with low levels of vitamin D, the biological actions of which are mediated by the vitamin D receptor (VDR). To investigate the association among vitamin D status, VDR polymorphisms (FokI, and BsmI), and colorectal adenoma, we conducted a meta-analysis of nine studies of circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) and five studies of FokI or BsmI polymorphisins in relation to colorectal adenomas. Study-specific relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were pooled using a random-effects model. A total of 3398 colorectal adenomas for 25(OH)D and 1754 colorectal adenomas for VDR were included in the meta-analysis. We identified a significant inverse association between colorectal adenoma (combined RR, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.87-0.98 per 10 ng/mL increase in 25(OH)D levels). When we examined FokI and BsmI polymorphisms in the meta-analysis, we found no association for either FokI (combined RR, 1.00; 95% CI, 0.95-1.06) or BsmI (combined RR, 0.99; 95% CI, 0.93-1.05) in the additive model. These data suggest an inverse association between circulating 25(OH)D levels and colorectal adenoma risk.
INVOLUTION OF MOUSE MAMMARY-GLANDS IN WHOLE-ORGAN CULTURE - A MODEL FOR STUDYING PROGRAMMED CELL-DEATH; The DNA fragmentation and gene expression patterns of involuting mouse mammary glands were compared to mammary glands in whole organ culture induced to involute by the withdrawal of lactogenic hormones. Non-random DNA degradation was observed both in vivo and in vitro, indicating that the withdrawal of lactogenic hormones triggers a program of epithelial cell death. Similar patterns of gene expression for the milk protein beta-casein and the apoptosis associated factors TGF-beta 1, TGF-beta 2 and TGF-beta 3 were observed in vivo and in vitro. These results indicate that the withdrawal of lactogenic hormones is responsible for decreased milk synthesis, epithelial cell death and tissue restructuring and that whole organ culture of mouse mammary glands is a useful model for studying the molecular events involved in these processes during involution. (C) 1995 Academic Press, Inc.
Short communication: Effect of supplementation with <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota on insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and markers of endothelial function and inflammation in subjects with metabolic syndrome-A pilot study; Based on animal studies, intake of probiotic bacteria was suggested to improve insulin sensitivity by reducing endotoxinemia and inflammation. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of supplementation with the probiotic strain Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) over 12 wk on insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction parameters in subjects with metabolic syndrome. In a randomized-controlled study, 30 subjects with metabolic syndrome either received Lactobacillus casei Shirota 3 times daily for 12 wk or served as controls with standard medical therapy. Fasting blood samples were taken and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to derive indices for insulin sensitivity and beta-cell function. In addition, parameters to assess endothelial function and inflammation markers were determined. Even though the insulin sensitivity index significantly improved after 3 mo of probiotic supplementation (0.058 +/- 0.021 vs. 0.038 +/- 0.025), the change was not significantly different compared with the control group. No improvements were seen in additional indices of insulin sensitivity (quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, insulin sensitivity by oral glucose tolerance test, and homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance) and beta-cell function (first and second phase insulin secretion, and homeostasis model assessment for beta-cell function). Probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant reduction in soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) level (1,614 +/- 343 vs. 1,418 +/- 265 ng/mL). No significant changes in parameters used to assess low-grade inflammation or endothelial dysfunction were observed. Intake of LcS for 12 wk in subjects with metabolic syndrome did not improve insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, endothelial function, or inflammation markers in this trial.
Epigallocatechin-3-gallate protects bovine ruminal epithelial cells against lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammatory damage by activating autophagy; BackgroundSubacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) causes an increase in endotoxin, which can induce immune and inflammatory responses in the ruminal epithelium of dairy cows. In non-ruminants, epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a major bioactive ingredient of green tea, is well-known to alleviate inflammation. Whether EGCG confers protection against SARA-induced inflammation and the underlying mechanisms are unknown.ResultsIn vivo, eight ruminally cannulated Holstein cows in mid-lactation were randomly assigned to either a low-concentrate (40%) diet (CON) or a high-concentrate (60%) diet (HC) for 3 weeks to induce SARA (n = 4). Cows with SARA had greater serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin-6, and epithelium had histological signs of damage. In vitro, immortalized bovine ruminal epithelial cells (BREC) were treated with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) to imitate the inflammatory damage caused by SARA. Our data revealed that BREC treated with 10 mu g/mL LPS for 6 h successfully induce a robust inflammatory response as indicated by increased phosphorylation of I kappa B alpha and nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-kappa B) p65. Pre-treatment of BREC with 50 mu mol/L EGCG for 6 h before LPS challenge promoted the degradation of NLR family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome through activation of autophagy, which further repressed activation of NF-kappa B pathway targeting Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). Analyses also revealed that the ECGG upregulated tight junction (TJ) protein expression upon incubation with LPS.ConclusionsSubacute ruminal acidosis causes ruminal epithelium injury and systemic inflammation in dairy cows. However, the anti-inflammatory effects of EGCG help preserve the integrity of the epithelial barrier through activating autophagy when BREC are exposed to LPS. Thus, EGCG could potentially serve as an effective therapeutic agent for SARA-associated inflammation.
Phase 3 Randomized Trial of Topical Steroid Versus Placebo for Prevention of Radiation Dermatitis in Patients With Head and Neck Cancer Receiving Chemoradiation; Purpose: Radiation dermatitis is one of the most common acute toxicities induced by chemoradiation therapy (CRT) for head and neck cancer (HNC). The benefit of topical steroids in the management of radiation dermatitis is still unclear. This phase 3, multi-institutional, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of topical steroids for radiation dermatitis in patients with locally advanced HNC receiving CRT.
Alcohol consumption and urinary concentration of 6-sulfatoxymelatonin in healthy women; Consumption of alcoholic beverages may suppress circulating melatonin levels at night, possibly resulting in an increase in circulating estrogen. An increased estrogen burden could increase the risk of breast cancer. This study was designed to investigate whether alcohol consumption is associated with a decrease in nighttime melatonin levels in a group of healthy women. A total of 203 randomly selected healthy women between the ages of 20 and 74 years were recruited for a broader study of the effects of exposure to power-frequency magnetic fields on nocturnal levels of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin. FOE. the purposes of this analysis, data collection consisted of the following during two seasons of the year: CI) an in-person interview, (2) a dairy activity diary, and (3) nocturnal urine collection for each of 3 consecutive nights. We found that the nocturnal urinary concentration of the primary metabolite of melatonin (6-sulfatoxymelatonin) decreased in a dose-dependent manner with increasing consumption of alcoholic beverages in the preceding 24-hour period, after taking into account the independent effects on melatonin of age, hours of darkness, use of medications that affect melatonin levels, and body mass index. A categorical analysis revealed no effect of one drink, but a 9% reduction with two drinks, a 15% reduction with three drinks, and a 17% reduction with four or more drinks. It remains unknown whether such a change could affect estrogen levels or breast cancer risk.
Treatment of Facial Basal Cell Carcinoma: A Review; Basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) are locally destructive malignancies of the skin. They are the most common type of cancer in the western world. The lifetime incidence may be up to 39%. UV exposure is the most common risk factor. The majority of these tumours occur on the head and neck. Despite BCCs being relatively indolent the high incidence means that their treatment now contributes a significant and increasing workload for the health service. A good understanding of the options available is important. Management decisions may be influenced by various factors including the patient's age and comorbidities and the lesion subtype and location. Due to the importance of a good cosmetic and curative outcome for facial BCCs treatment decisions may differ significantly to those that would be made for BCCs arising elsewhere. There is little good randomized controlled data available comparing treatment modalities. Although traditionally standard excision has been the treatment of choice various other options are available including: Mohs micrographic surgery, curettage and cautery, cryosurgery, radiotherapy, topical imiquimod, photodynamic therapy and topical 5-fluorouracil. We discuss and review the literature and evidence base for the treatment options that are currently available for facial BCCs.
Design and descriptive epidemiology of the Infectious Diseases of East African Livestock (IDEAL) project, a longitudinal calf cohort study in western Kenya; Background: There is a widely recognised lack of baseline epidemiological data on the dynamics and impacts of infectious cattle diseases in east Africa. The Infectious Diseases of East African Livestock (IDEAL) project is an epidemiological study of cattle health in western Kenya with the aim of providing baseline epidemiological data, investigating the impact of different infections on key responses such as growth, mortality and morbidity, the additive and/or multiplicative effects of co-infections, and the influence of management and genetic factors.
Ingenol mebutate in the treatment of actinic keratoses: clearance rate and adverse effects; Background: Actinic keratoses are benign intraepithelial skin neoplasms that develop in photoexposed areas and can progress to invasive carcinoma. They are seen frequently in dermatological practice, occurring in 5.1 % of consultations. Ingenol mebutate (IM) was recently approved in Brazil as a topical therapy for field cancerization in actinic keratosis.
Effect of folic acid fortification of foods on folate intake in female smokers with cervical dysplasia; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of folic acid fortification of enriched cereal grains on folate intake in women of predominantly childbearing age at high risk for cervical cancer.
Association between Ambient Ultraviolet Radiation and Risk of Epithelial Ovarian Cancer; Evidence is accumulating to suggest that higher exposure to solar ultraviolet radiation (UVR) is associated with decreased risk of internal cancers, but data for ovarian cancer are unclear. We aimed to examine the association between lifetime ambient UVR and ovarian cancer in a population-based-case-control study. The study included women aged 18 to 79 years with a new diagnosis of invasive (n = 1,215) or borderline (n = 285) epithelial ovarian cancer identified through a network of clinics and state cancer registries throughout Australia. Controls (n = 1,459), frequency matched to cases by age (5-year groups) and state of residence, were randomly selected from the National Electoral Roll. We asked participants to report where they had lived at different periods of their life and assigned an estimate of UVR using data from NASA's Total Ozone Mapping Spectrometer database (1997-2003). We estimated the association between ambient UVR and risk of ovarian cancer using conditional logistic regression adjusted for potential confounders. Women in the highest third of average daily ambient UVR over their lifetime were at significantly lower risk of all epithelial ovarian cancers than those in the lowest third [OR, 0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.56-0.88]. The inverse association was stronger for borderline tumors (0.47, 0.31-0.71) than invasive tumors (0.78, 0.61-1.00). The effect sizes for overall and borderline tumors were unchanged after adjusting for confounders, whereas the inverse association for invasive tumors was attenuated. These data suggest that exposure to ambient UVR may reduce the risk of ovarian cancer. Cancer Prev Res; 5(11); 1330-6. (C) 2012 AACR.
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2 - therapy; OBJECTIVE: To Update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults.
The Effects of Dietary Patterns on Urinary Albumin Excretion: Results of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Trial; Background: Dietary studies designed to decrease the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) typically reduce protein by increasing lower protein plant foods and decreasing higher protein animal products.
ATTEMPT TO DETECT A MAMMARY TUMOR-AGENT IN STRAIN-C MICE BY X-RADIATION; Hybrid mice derived from low-mammary-tumor-strain females and high-mammary-tumor-strain males show a low incidence of mammary tumors because they do not obtain the mammary tumor agent in their mother''s milk. An exception to this rule was noted in hybrids obtained from strain C females and strain C3H males, for such hybrids, if permitted to bear 3 or more litters, show an incidence of at least 50% mammary tumors at an avg. age of 20 mos. or more. On the assumption that strain C females harbored a weak or masked tumor agent, they were exposed to whole-body X-ray radiation to enhance the activity of the agent. To determine whether irradiation had affected the agent, the strain C females were bred to strain C3H males and their offspring observed for the occurrence of mammary tumors. X-irradiation did not reveal the presence of the agent in strain C females. The results confirmed the occurrence of tumors in older agent-free hybrids born to C females and C3H males, as well as the occurrence of tumors in a few young hybrids that contained the agent. There was a random distr. of hybrids containing the agent and available evidence indicated that they had acquired their father''s agent in utero. Furthermore, there was evidence that, on occasion, the infected embryos had infected their strain C mothers. Thus, the mammary tumor agent from C3H male mice may be transmitted to C x C3H offspring and to the strain C females to which they are bred. Histological studies of the tumors arising in older hybrids showed that they fell into 4 groups. 3 groups were adeno-carcinomas. In the 1st group, the acinar structure predominated. The 2d group showed little acinar formation but possessed a variable pattern of solid groups of epithelial cells, single layers of cuboidal cells lining cystic spaces or growing as papillary projections into cysts, and cords of cells separated by a heavy stroma. The 3d group contained many small cysts and epithelial proliferation in the interstitial tissue. The 4th group of tumors were adenoacanthomas showing large areas of squamous-cell elements.
Non surgical therapy for anal fissure; Background
Periparturient Behavior and Physiology: Further Insight Into the Farrowing Process for Primiparous and Multiparous Sows; Giving birth is a critical time for many species and is often the most painful event ever experienced by females. In domestic species, like the pig, pain associated with parturition represents a potential welfare concern, and the consequences of pain can cause economic losses (e.g., by indirectly contributing to piglet mortality as pain could slow post-farrowing recovery, reduce food and water intake, reducing milk let-down). This study investigated pain assessment and its management in primiparous (gilts) and multiparous (sows) breeding pigs, including the provision of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) post-parturition. Individuals were randomly allocated to receive the NSAID ketoprofen (3 mg/kg bodyweight) (n = 11 gilts, 16 sows) or the equivalent volume of saline (n = 13 gilts, 16 sows) by intramuscular injection 1.5 h after the birth of the last piglet. Data collected included putative behavioral indicators of pain (back leg forward, tremble, back arch), salivary cortisol concentrations pre-farrowing and up to 7 days post-injection. In addition, post-partum biomarkers of inflammation, including the acute phase protein C-reactive protein (CRP) and 3 porcine cytokines [interleukin-1 beta (IL1 beta), interleukin-6 (IL6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha)] were measured in plasma collected 6 h following the injection. Behaviors were analyzed using generalized linear mixed models, and physiological variables with linear mixed models. No difference in putative pain behaviors, salivary cortisol, CRP, or cytokines were found between individuals treated with ketoprofen or those administered the saline control. However, there were some differences between gilts and sows, as sows exhibited more putative pain behavior than gilts, had higher salivary cortisol on the day of farrowing and had higher plasma TNF alpha. Conversely, gilts had higher salivary cortisol than sows on day 3 post-farrowing and had higher CRP. This indicates that, like human females, multiparous sows experience more pain from uterine activity following birth than primiparas. This study provides useful information for developing management practices relating to post-farrowing care for breeding pigs.
The conventional protocol vs. a protocol including illumination with a fabric-based biophotonic device (the Phosistos protocol) in photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis: a randomized, controlled, noninferiority clinical study; Background Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) using methyl aminolaevulinate is a noninvasive treatment option suitable to treat clinical and subclinical actinic keratosis (AK) over a large area (field cancerization). The most widely used, conventional protocol in Europe includes illumination with a red-light lamp. This illumination commonly causes pain, and patients often cannot complete the treatment. Objectives The aims of this paper are twofold. The first aim is to introduce a novel protocol, the Phosistos protocol (P-PDT), which includes illumination with a fabric-based biophotonic device. The second and major aim is to assess the noninferiority, in terms of efficacy for PDT of AK, of P-PDT compared with the conventional protocol (C-PDT). Methods A randomized, controlled, multicentre, intraindividual clinical study was conducted. Forty-six patients with grade I-II AK of the forehead and scalp were treated with P-PDT on one area (280 AK lesions) and with C-PDT on the contralateral area (280 AK lesions). The primary end point was the lesion complete response (CR) rate at 3 months, with an absolute noninferiority margin of -10%. Secondary end points included pain scores, incidence of adverse effects and cosmetic outcome. Results Three months following treatment, the lesion CR rate of P-PDT was noninferior to that of C-PDT (79 center dot 3% vs. 80 center dot 7%, respectively; absolute difference -1 center dot 6%; one-sided 95% confidence interval -4 center dot 5% to infinity). The noninferiority of P-PDT to C-PDT in terms of the lesion CR rate remained at the 6-month follow-up (94 center dot 2% vs. 94 center dot 9%, respectively; absolute difference -0 center dot 6%; one-sided 95% confidence interval -2 center dot 7% to infinity). Moreover, the pain score at the end of illumination was significantly lower for P-PDT than for C-PDT (mean +/- SD 0 center dot 3 +/- 0 center dot 6 vs. 7 center dot 4 +/- 2 center dot 3; P < 0 center dot 001). Conclusions P-PDT is noninferior to C-PDT in terms of efficacy for treating AK of the forehead and scalp and resulted in much lower pain scores and fewer adverse effects.
Clinical response of acneiform eruptions caused by cetuximab to administration of oral tetracycline and topical ketoconazole; Background: Cutaneous adverse events associated with the use of epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitors, such as cetuximab are relatively common. Although there are reports about possible treatments for acne or acneiform lesions induced by cetuximab, there are only few reports of prospective studies.
Potential Targets in Constipation Research: A Review; Background: Constipation is one of the most frequent abnormalities of the gastrointestinal system that affects the patient's quality of life. Constipation is more common in women and affects them more frequently as they get older. Many constipated patients take over-the-counter drugs for treatment, but some do not respond to these medicines and need newer, more expensive drugs. Still, many patients are not completely satisfied with these medicines. Unlike other areas, constipation research is not given much importance. Objective: This review discusses targets such as ClC-2, CFTR, opioid receptors, and 5HT-4 receptors, which are important in constipation therapy. The recent focus is also on the gut microbiome with the help of various randomized controlled trials. Pharmacological advances have also added novel targets such as IBAT, PAR-2, and intestinal NHE-3 for constipation treatment. Methods: This review summarises the research on these targets collected from various databases. ClC-2 and CFTR are involved in intestinal chloride secretion followed by sodium or water, which increases stool passage. Non-cancer pain treatment with opioids targeting opiate receptors is considered in 40-90% of patients, which causes constipation as a side effect. On activation, 5HT-4 receptors increase gastrointestinal motility. IBAT is responsible for transporting bile acid into the liver. Bile acid will reach the colon by inhibiting IBAT, stimulating colonic motility, and providing a laxative effect. Activation of the ghrelin receptor results in prokinetic activity in both animals and humans. Intestinal NHE-3 mediates the absorption of Na+ and the secretion of hydrogen into the intestine. Many reports show that PAR-2 is involved in the pathogenesis of gastrointestinal diseases. The gut microbiota influences the peristaltic action of the intestine. Conclusion: Drugs working on these targets positively impact the treatment of constipation, as do the drugs that are currently in clinical trials acting on these targets. The results from the ongoing clinical trials will also provide some valuable information regarding whether these medications will meet the patients' needs in the future.
Induction of p53 expression in skin by radiotherapy and UV radiation: A randomized study; Background: p53 protein plays an important role in the response to DNA damage, and radiotherapy can cause radiation dermatitis, p53 and p21 levels increase in vitro when DNA is damaged by UVA, UVB, or gamma -radiation, To determine whether this response occurs in human skin and predicts the level of radiation dermatitis, we investigated levels of p53 and p21 in skin exposed to different types of radiation as part of a randomized study of women with breast cancer to evaluate topical steroid or emollient cream treatments for radiation dermatitis of their irradiated breast. Methods: After surgery but before receiving tangential 5-mV photo-beam radiotherapy (2 Gy and 54 Gy) to the affected breast parenchyma, multiple areas on the backs of 50 women were irradiated with UVA and other areas were irradiated with UVB, Skin biopsy samples were taken from areas of normal unirradiated skin and all irradiated areas, and p53 and p21 were detected immunohistochemically, All statistical tests are two-sided. Results: In skin irradiated with UVA or UVB, medians of 4.4% (range = 0%-40.5%) or 45.5% (range = 5.3%-74.6%) p53-positive keratinocytes, respectively, were observed. Radiotherapy produced medians of 31.0% (range = 0%-79.3%) p53-immunoreactive cells after 2 Gy of radiation and 83.2% (range = 37.6%-95.2%) after 54 Gy of radiation. Despite large interindividual differences in p53 response, comparable increases in epidermal p53 response were independent of the type of radiation. A correlation between p53 and p21 was also evident (r(s) = .78), In breast skin, there was no association between the p53 response and the degree of erythema (a measure of radiation dermatitis) and no statistically significant difference between treatment arms and p21/p53 responses. Conclusions: Individual responses to radiation-induced DNA damage varied widely and may be independent of the type of radiation. The epidermal p53 response does not predict the degree of radiation dermatitis.
Dietary vitamin A intake and its major food sources among rural pregnant women of South-West Bangladesh; The study aimed to estimate the dietary intake of vitamin A and its major food sources among rural pregnant women from the southwest region of Bangladesh. A multi-stage random cluster sampling method was used to select the respondents (N = 1012). A semi-structured questionnaire was used to collect the data, and statistical analysis was conducted using IBM SPSS 20.0. The mean age of the respondents was 23.27 +/- 5.23 years, and the majority were in their second (48%) and third trimester (49%). The mean dietary intake of vitamin A was 392 +/- 566 mu g Retinol Activity Equivalent (RAE)/day (51% of Recommended Dietary Allowance). The contribution of beta-carotene (plant source) and retinol (animal source) in vitamin A intake was about 60% and 40%, respectively. The major beta-carotene contributing food groups were vegetables (dark and light) and tubers, and food items were colocasia, potato, beans, brinjal, and ripe tomatoes. On the other hand, the major retinol-contributing food groups were fish, eggs, and milk, and food items were small fish, Rui (carp) fish, and cow's milk. It was also observed that the consumption of food items from beta-carotene and retinol-contributing food groups did not differ significantly among the three groups of respondents, but the variations in the amount of the different food items consumed were significant. Dietary vitamin A intake is low among pregnant women in the SouthWest region of Bangladesh. Hence, they are at a greater risk of adverse materno-fetal health outcomes associated with vitamin A deficiency.
Effect of hydrogenated and saturated, relative to polyunsaturated, fat on immune and inflammatory responses of adults with moderate hypercholesterolemia; Consumption of diets high in hydrogenated fat/ trans fatty acids has been shown to have an adverse affect on lipoprotein profiles with respect to cardiovascular disease risk. Dietary fat and cholesterol play an important role in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses shown to be involved in atherogenesis. We investigated the effects of diets containing hydrogenated fat on cellular immune response and production of inflammatory cytokines in human subjects with moderately elevated cholesterol levels (LDL cholesterol >130 mg/dl). In a double blind crossover study, 19 subjects consumed three diets, 30% of calories as fat, of which two thirds were provided as soybean oil, soybean oil-based stick margarine, or butter for 32 days, each in a randomized order. Production of proinflammatory mediators, prostaglandin (PG) E-2, interleukin (IL)-1beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha); delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) response, in vitro lymphocyte proliferation, and production of IL-2 were determined. Production of IL-6 and TNF-alpha was significantly higher after consumption of stick margarine diet compared with soybean oil diet. IL-1beta and TNF-alpha production correlated positively with ratios of total cholesterol to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.499, P < 0.00 1 and r = 0.29 1, P = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant difference in DTH response, lymphocyte proliferation, or levels of IL-2 and PGE(2) produced among three groups. Our results indicate that consumption of a diet high in hydrogenated fat does not adversely affect cellular immunity but increases production of inflammatory cytokines that have been associated with the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis.
Sodium content of foodstuffs included in the sodium reduction regulation of South Africa; As a first step in combating the high hypertension rate in South Africa, the Government has recently implemented a mandatory regulation (R.214) pertaining to the sodium content of foodstuffs with targets for 2016 and 2019. We aimed to measure the sodium content and establish whether industry is complying with the targets set in Regulation R.214. The sodium content of ten food products, randomly selected from each of the 13 food categories as described in the regulation (R.214) were measured by means of atomic absorption spectrometry subsequent to microwave digestion. The majority of the food products tested comply with the targets for 2016 (72%) and almost half of the products with the 2019 targets (42%). The highest variation was observed in the "all fat and butter spread" (20%) category, as well as the "raw-processed meat sausages" (32%). All of the food categories, except for "flavoured potato crisp, excluding salt-and-vinegar" and "flavoured ready-to-eat savoury snack and potato crisp, salt-and-vinegar only", complied with the 2016 target. South Africa is at the forefront of countries implementing mandatory legislation for the reduction of sodium levels in food. These data provide valuable information with regards to baseline measurements and regulation compliance, therefore enabling future endeavours pertaining to sodium regulation in South African foodstuffs.
High-Dose Isoflavones Do Not Improve Metabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Androgen-Deprived Men With Prostate Cancer; The profound hypogonadism that occurs with androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer (PCa) results in complications such as diabetes and metabolic syndrome that predispose to cardiovascular disease. Because phytoestrogens have been associated with an improvement in metabolic parameters, we evaluated their role in men undergoing ADT. Our objective was to evaluate the effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory parameters in men undergoing ADT. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week pilot study. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 g of soy protein containing 160 mg of total isoflavones vs taste-matched placebo (20 g whole milk protein). The study was conducted at a tertiary care center in the United States. Thirty-three men (isoflavones = 17, placebo = 16) undergoing ADT for PCa completed this pilot study. Mean age in the 2 groups was 69 years and the majority of men were Caucasians. Mean duration of ADT in both groups was approximately 2 years (P = .70). The 2 groups were well matched at baseline. After 12 weeks of intervention, there was no significant difference in either metabolic or inflammatory parameters between the 2 groups. We found that high-dose isoflavones over a course of 12 weeks do not improve metabolic or inflammatory parameters in androgen-deprived men.
DIETARY-INTAKE, FOOD-HABITS AND NUTRITION KNOWLEDGE OF ADULTS - A TELEPHONE SURVEY IN HONG-KONG (1990-91); A pilot dietary survey using telephone interview was conducted to evaluate the current dietary intake, food habits and nutrition knowledge of 198 random sample of adults aged between 18-60, and to arouse the awareness of the government, health-related professionals and the public on diet and related diseases. Data collection was undertaken by dietitians and student teachers using a frequency questionnaire through telephone interview. There was a high intake of meat group (approximate to 327 g/d), low intake of rice and cereals (3.8 bowls/d), inadequate consumption of vegetables (3.6 servings/d) and fruits (1.7 servings/d) when compared to the established healthy food guides. Milk intake was only 0.6 cup/d. Processed foods high in animal fat, protein and sodium were popular among the adults. 96% households used pure vegetable oils for cooking, 69% never ate unlicensed street foods, 55% never drank alcohol. 14% were estimated to be obese (BMI: 25-40). Only 43% regularly performed physical exercise more than 45 minutes a week. Considering the repeatedly reported high mean total serum cholesterol of Hongkong adults (5.0-5.5 mmol/L), imprudent dietary practices, and increasing episodes of myocardiac infarction in the younger Hongkong adults, increases in morbidity and mortality from cardio- and cerebrovascular diseases in Hongkong is foreseeable in the future. Thus, before it becomes too late and too costly to combat the diseases, it is necessary to identify the risk factors of degenerative diseases to promote healthy lifestyles, and to establish the healthy eating guidelines and community nutrition education for the population.
Lactobacillus GG does not affect D-lactic acidosis in diarrheic calves, in a clinical setting; D-lactate, produced by gastrointestinal fermentation, is a major contributor to metabolic acidosis in diarrheic calves. Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG survives gastrointestinal transit in the neonatal calf and does not produce D-lactate. To determine whether this probiotic reduces gastrointestinal D-lactate production or severity of diarrhea or both, 48 calves (mean, 11 days old; range, 2-30 days) admitted to the clinic for treatment of diarrhea were randomly allocated to 2 groups. The experimental group was given Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (1 x 10(11) cfu/d) PO, dissolved in milk or oral electrolyte solution, in addition to clinic treatment protocols; the other group served as a control. Serum and fecal samples were obtained at admission and at 24 and 48 hours after initial administration of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG. All samples were analyzed for D- and L-lactate by using high-pressure liquid chromatography. Feces were also analyzed for pathogens, Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG recovery, and dry matter. D-lactic acidemia ( > 3 mmol/L) was present in 37/48 calves at admission. Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG was recovered in the feces of 13 experimental calves and 0 control calves 24 hours after administration. No difference in serum or fecal D- or L-lactate between the groups was detected at any time point. After therapy, D-lactic acidosis was absent at 48 hours in all but 1 calf. No relation between fecal pathogen (viral, bacterial, or protozoal) and degree of D-lactic acidosis was observed. The reduction in mortality and greater fecal dry matter in Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG-treated calves was not statistically significant.
Field trial to determine the impact of providing additional care to litters on weaning weight of pigs; The purpose of this field trial was to determine if maximal care of pigs from birth until 16 d of age would result in a significant alteration in the survivorship and growth performance of the pigs compared with control pigs born in the same time period. Sows were randomly assigned to treatment group prior to farrowing. Control pigs received the standard, commercial farm care. In maximal care litters, pigs were dried off at farrowing, given a rubber mat in the creep area, and given electrolytes, chilled pigs were warmed and given colostrum or glucose, surgical instruments used for processing were dipped into all antiseptic between pigs, the castration wounds were sprayed with iodine, and sows were fed 3 times rather than twice a day. Pigs that received the maximal care weighed 170 g (+/- 80 g) more at 16 d of age than standard care pigs. Factors that reduced weight at 16 d included having a low birth weight, nursing a gilt or a parity 5-6 sow, nursing in a large litter, being clinically ill or being lame after 3 d of age, being cross-fostered and nursing an ill sow. In general, maximal care did not reduce mortality. Providing maximal care did improve weaning weights and enabled small birth weight pigs to reach 3.7 kg at 16 d of age.
Low-carbohydrate diets and cardiometabolic health: the importance of carbohydrate quality over quantity; Carbohydrates are increasingly being implicated in the epidemics of obesity, diabetes, and their downstream cardiometabolic diseases. The "carbohydrate-insulin model" has been proposed to explain this role of carbohydrates. It posits that a high intake of carbohydrate induces endocrine deregulation marked by hyperinsulinemia, leading to energy partitioning with increased storage of energy in adipose tissue resulting in adaptive increases in food intake and decreases in energy expenditure. Whether all carbohydrate foods under real-world feeding conditions directly contribute to weight gain and its complications or whether this model can explain these clinical phenomena requires close inspection. The aim of this review is to assess the evidence for the role of carbohydrate quantity vs quality in cardiometabolic health. Although the clinical investigations of the "carbohydrate-insulin model" have shown the requisite decreases in insulin secretion and increases in fat oxidation, there has been a failure to achieve the expected fat loss under low-carbohydrate feeding. Systematic reviews with pairwise and network meta-analyses of the best available evidence have failed to show the superiority of low-carbohydrate diets on long-term clinical weight loss outcomes or that all sources of carbohydrate behave equally. High-carbohydrate diets that emphasize foods containing important nutrients and substances, including high-quality carbohydrate such as whole grains (especially oats and barley), pulses, or fruit; low glycemic index and load; or high fiber (especially viscous fiber sources) decrease intermediate cardiometabolic risk factors in randomized trials and are associated with weight loss and decreased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cardiovascular mortality in prospective cohort studies. The evidence for sugars as a marker of carbohydrate quality appears to be highly dependent on energy control (comparator) and food source (matrix), with sugar-sweetened beverages providing excess energy showing evidence of harm, and with high-quality carbohydrate food sources containing sugars such as fruit, 100% fruit juice, yogurt, and breakfast cereals showing evidence of benefit in energy-matched substitutions for refined starches (low-quality carbohydrate food sources). These data reflect the current shift in dietary guidance that allows for flexibility in the proportion of macronutrients (including carbohydrates) in the diet, with a focus on quality over quantity and dietary patterns over single nutrients.
Association of vitamin D-related information from a telephone interview with 25-hydroxyvitamin D; Vitamin D may be associated with reduced risks of several types of cancer, including colon, prostate, and breast. We examined the relationship between vitamin D-related questions administered in a telephone interview and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D]. Three hundred and eight eligible women were randomly selected from controls in a breast cancer case-control study. Questions pertaining to sun exposure and dietary sources of vitamin D over the previous 4 weeks were asked in both summer and winter. We assessed the association between questionnaire-derived items and 25(OH)D using multiple linear regression. There were 217 participating women, 203 in summer and 213 in winter. Models were adjusted for age, body mass index, and skin color. Number of days when more than 0.5 hour was spent outdoors per week ("7" versus "<7" beta = 11.12; P = 0.01), limb coverage ("no" beta = 24.90 and "Partial" beta = 8.15 versus "yes"; P = 0.0001), and milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 18.94, ">5-10" beta = 9.16, and "1-5" beta = 7.90 versus "<1"; P = 0.02) best predicted 25(OH)D in the summer. The best predictors in the winter were sunlamp use ("Yes" beta = 27.97 versus "no"; P = 0.01), milk intake (glasses/wk; ">10" beta = 14.54, ">5-10" beta = 11.54, and "1-5" beta = 2.15 versus "<1"; P = 0.01), and vitamin Dcontaining supplements ("high" beta = 17.30 and "moderate" beta = 13.82 versus "none"; P = 0.0006). The R-2 was 0.29 for the summer model and was 0.21 for the winter model. Overall, there was evidence to suggest that questions designed to assess vitamin D exposure were in fact related to serum 25(OH)D.
Half-life of porcine antibodies absorbed from a colostrum supplement containing porcine immunoglobulins; Absorption of immunoglobulins (Ig) at birth from colostrum is essential for piglet survival. The objective was to evaluate the half-life of antibodies absorbed in the bloodstream of newborn piglets orally fed a colostrum supplement (CS) containing energy (fat and carbohydrates) and IgG from porcine plasma. Viable piglets (n = 23; 900 to 1,800 g BW) from 6 sows were colostrum deprived and blood sampled and within the next 2 h of life randomly allocated to either control group (n = 9) providing 30 mL of Ig-free milk replacer or a group (n = 14) receiving 30 mL of CS by oral gavage. Piglets were transported to a Biosafety Level 3 facility (Centre de Recerca en Sanitat Animal, Spain) and fed Ig-free milk replacer every 3 to 4 h for 15 d. Survival, weight, plasma IgG content by radial immunodiffusion (RID), and antibodies against porcine circovirus type 2 (PCV2), porcine parvovirus (PPV), porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS), Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae (Mhy), and swine influenza virus (SIV) were determined by specific ELISA before treatment administration, at 24 h, and weekly for 56 d. Clinical symptoms were not observed for either group. Mortality index was lower (17 vs. 38%; P < 0.02) and BW higher (17.7 vs. 15.3 kg; P = 0.035) for pigs supplemented with CS than piglets in the control group. At 24 h postadministration, the CS group had a plasma IgG mean of 7.6 +/- 0.06 vs. 0.14 +/- 0.03 mg/mL for the control group. The IgG levels in the CS group decayed until day 21 when de novo synthesis of IgG was detected in 25% of piglets. Half-life of antibody concentration (HLAC) by RID was 6.2 d. In the CS group, efficiency of PCV2 and PPV antibody transfer was high. For PCV2, all animals remained positive by day 56 and the calculated HLAC was 17.7 d. For PPV, 72.7% of piglets were ELISA positive by day 35 and HLAC was 12.0 d. For PRRS, all piglets remained positive by day 14 and the calculated HLAC was 11.9 d. For Mhy and SIV the calculated HLAC were 8.4 and 3.0 d. In summary, half-life of antibodies derived from blood plasma in the bloodstream of newborn piglets varied from 3.0 to 17.7 d. The study also confirm that antibodies derived from porcine plasma were well absorbed and can be an useful tool for providing protection against several or specific pathogens and can be a good alternative to formulate CS for newborn piglets.
Twenty-year dynamics of serum cholesterol levels in the middle-aged population of eastern Finland; Background: In cross-sectional analyses, serum cholesterol levels differ among different age groups. However, secular time trends in cholesterol levels can be seen across age groups in a population. A birth cohort analysis provides useful information on the combined effect of age and time on changes in serum cholesterol levels.
Dietary insulin affects leucine aminopeptidase, growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor I and insulin receptors in the intestinal mucosa of neonatal pigs; Background. Recent studies suggest that milk-borne insulin may regulate the development of the gastrointestinal tract in neonatal mammals. Objectives: To explore the mechanism by which milk-borne insulin affects gastrointestinal tract development, we examined the effect of dietary insulin on the expression levels of leucine aminopeptidase (LAP) and insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), as well as its effect on growth hormone (GH), IGF-I and insulin receptors in the small intestinal mucosa of neonatal pigs. Methods: Five piglets were anesthetized and sampled within 2-4 h after birth. They were not allowed to suckle and were used as newborn controls (group N). Ten other piglets from 5 litters were randomly divided into group M (n = 5), which was fed cow's milk, and group MI (n = 5), which was fed cow's milk and insulin (2.5 mg/l). Piglets in groups M and MI were artificially fed for 3 days and then sampled. Total RNA in their intestinal mucosa was extracted with Tripure reagents (Roche, USA). Reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) was used to semi-quantify mRNA levels of target genes and 18S rRNA was used in an RT-PCR system as an internal control. PCR products were loaded onto a 9% nondenaturing polyacrylamide gel. The gel was stained by silver staining agents. Digital photos were taken and the strength of the band areas was quantified using software. Results: The results showed that the DNA contents and LAP activity in the small intestines of the piglets in group MI were higher (p < 0.05) than in the piglets in group N. Compared with group M, piglets in group MI exhibited significantly increased expression levels of both insulin and GH receptor in the ileum, and LAP in the jejunum (p < 0.05); IGF-I receptor expression levels in both the jejunum and ileum were significantly decreased (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively), while IGF-I expression was unchanged (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Collectively, dietary insulin increased mRNA levels of insulin and GH receptor, which could help explain the effect of dietary insulin on receptor-mediated postnatal development of the small intestine. Dietary insulin suppressed IGF-I receptor expression, which may be the result of negative feedback caused when insulin binds to IGF-I receptors. Copyright (c) 2006 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effects of dietary sodium on metabolites: the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-Sodium Feeding Study; Background: High sodium intake is known to increase blood pressure and is difficult to measure in epidemiologic studies.
South African consumers' opinions and beliefs regarding the health benefits of soy and soy products; Studies linking diet and health and consumers' demand for health information, has led to an increasing awareness of the role of nutrition in health and disease. Interest in soy foods and an awareness of its health benefits has also increased. The objective was to assess South African (SA) consumers' opinions and beliefs regarding the health benefits of soy and soy products using different statements.
BIASED ESTIMATES OF FUR-SEAL PUP MASS - ORIGINS AND IMPLICATIONS; The mass of fur seal pups weighed in different years can be used to estimate growth rates or compared with one another to make inferences about the relative condition of a population. However, unless appropriate precautions are taken, many factors can bias estimates of pup mass and lead to incorrect conclusions. Using data collected from tagged and untagged northern fur seal pups (Callorhinus ursinus) at the Pribilof Islands, Alaska, I assess how milk consumption, the timing of sampling, and the effects of growth and sample size influence the size of pups captured for weighing. Evidence is presented suggesting that pup mass may increase in a sigmoid fashion, with the most rapid rate of growth occurring when about two months old. This phenomenon can confound efforts to compare the masses of pups weighed on different days in different years, particularly if pups are weighed over the period of rapid growth. Variability in pup mass increases with time because growth rates of individuals vary and because the amount of milk pups consume increases with body size. Thus sample sizes must be increased as the pups grow older in order to detect statistically significant differences in mean body mass. There is also evidence that pups of different ages and sizes are not randomly distributed on the breeding beaches and are not randomly selected for weighing. It appears that the first pups captured for weighing are smaller and younger than subsequent captures, possibly because smaller pups are easier to handle and are segregated to the peripheral rookery regions where sampling begins. These hidden biases, related to sampling error and fur seal biology, must be considered and controlled for when weighing fur seal pups.
Dietary intake of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and changes in body weight in European adults; Purpose Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) can be formed in foods by the reaction of reducing sugars with proteins, and have been shown to induce insulin resistance and obesity in experimental studies. We examined the association between dietary AGEs intake and changes in body weight in adults over an average of 5 years of follow-up. Methods A total of 255,170 participants aged 25-70 years were recruited in ten European countries (1992-2000) in the PANACEA study (Physical Activity, Nutrition, Alcohol, Cessation of smoking, Eating out of home in relation to Anthropometry), a sub-cohort of the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition). Body weight was measured at recruitment and self-reported between 2 and 11 years later depending on the study center. A reference database for AGEs was used containing UPLC-MS/MS-measured N-epsilon-(carboxymethyl)-lysine (CML), N-epsilon-(1-carboxyethyl)-lysine (CEL), and N-delta-(5-hydro-5-methyl-4-imidazolon-2-yl)-ornithine (MG-H1) in 200 common European foods. This reference database was matched to foods and decomposed recipes obtained from country-specific validated dietary questionnaires in EPIC and intake levels of CEL, CML, and MG-H1 were estimated. Associations between dietary AGEs intake and body weight change were estimated separately for each of the three AGEs using multilevel mixed linear regression models with center as random effect and dietary AGEs intake and relevant confounders as fixed effects. Results A one-SD increment in CEL intake was associated with 0.111 kg (95% CI 0.087-0.135) additional weight gain over 5 years. The corresponding additional weight gain for CML and MG-H1 was 0.065 kg (0.041-0.089) and 0.034 kg (0.012, 0.057), respectively. The top six food groups contributing to AGEs intake, with varying proportions across the AGEs, were cereals/cereal products, meat/processed meat, cakes/biscuits, dairy, sugar and confectionary, and fish/shellfish. Conclusion In this study of European adults, higher intakes of AGEs were associated with marginally greater weight gain over an average of 5 years of follow-up.
Phase II trial of isoflavone in prostate-specific antigen recurrent prostate cancer after previous local therapy; Background-: Data exist that demonstrate isoflavones' potent antiproliferative effects on prostate cancer cells. We evaluated the efficacy of isoflavone in patients with PSA recurrent prostate cancer after prior therapy. We postulated that isoflavone therapy would slow the rate of rise of serum PSA.
Nicotinamide reduces photodynamic therapy-induced immunosuppression in humans; Background The immune suppressive effects of topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) are potential contributors to treatment failure after PDT for nonmelanoma skin cancer. Nicotinamide (vitamin B-3) prevents immune suppression by ultraviolet radiation, but its effects on PDT-induced immunosuppression are unknown.
The use of novel foods enriched with long-chain n-3 fatty acids to increase dietary intake: A comparison of methodologies assessing nutrient intake; Objective To evaluate the effect of consuming a variety of foods enriched in long-chain n-3 fatty acids in low fish eaters.
Radioprotective potential of whey protein against gamma irradiation-induced lingual damage; Introduction: Ionizing radiation (IR) is effectively used in the treatment of oral malignancies; however, it might also significantly harm the surrounding tissues. Whey protein isolate (WP) is a protein derived from milk that exhibits a wide range of bioactivities. Therefore, the present research aimed to delineate the mitigating impact of WP against gamma irradiation-induced lingual damage.Methods: Rats were randomized into 5 groups: Control (saline, orally, 14 days), WP (WP; 0.5 g/kg b. w., orally, 14 days), IR (saline, orally, 14 days, exposed to 6 and 3 Gy on days 4 and 6, respectively), WP+IR (WP was given orally for 14 days before and after IR exposure; exposed to 6 and 3 Gy on days 4 and 6, respectively), and IR+WP (WP, orally, started 24 h after 1st IR exposure till the end of the experiment) groups. Samples were collected at two-time intervals (on the 7th and 14th days).Results and Discussion: Oxidative stress was stimulated upon IR exposure in tongue, indicated by boosted malondialdehyde (MDA) level, along with a decrease in the total antioxidant capacity (TAC) level, superoxide dismutase (SOD), and catalase (CAT) activities. Additionally, IR exposure depicted an increase of serum IgE, inflammatory cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-6, along with overexpression mRNA levels of nuclear factor kappa-B transcription factor/p65 (NF-kappa B/p65), and down-regulation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2) and heme oxygenase (HO-1) mRNA levels in tongue tissue. Moreover, IR triggered alterations in lingual histological architecture. The antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of WP mitigated oxidative damage, inflammation, and desquamation that were brought on following IR exposure. The protective administration of WP markedly decreases IR-induced lingual harm compared to the mitigation protocol. Our findings recommend WP supplements to the diets of cancer patients undergoing IR that might aid radioprotective effects.
Evaluation of inter-rater agreement of the clinical signs used to diagnose bovine respiratory disease in individually housed veal calves; In dairy calves raised for veal, typical clinical signs of bovine respiratory disease (BRD) are ocular discharge, nasal discharge, ear droop or head tilt, abnormal respiration, cough, and increased rectal temperature. Despite the existence of several clinical scoring systems, there are few studies on the variability of human recognition of individual BRD clinical signs. The objective of this study was therefore to assess the inter-rater agreement of BRD clinical signs in veal calves. We hypothesized that BRD clinical signs were not detected equally between veterinarians, technicians, and producers of the veal industry and that some clinical signs have higher inter-rater agreement than others. During 2017-2018, we prospectively recorded 524 videos of physical examinations of random veal calves from 48 different batches in Quebec, Canada. A researcher, not involved in the inter-rater assessment, classified each video as presence/absence of each BRD clinical sign except rectal temperature. For each of the 5 clinical signs, 15 videos with and 15 videos without the clinical signs were randomly selected to avoid kappa paradoxes. Those 30 videos were then presented in a random order to experienced raters of BRD in veal calves: 6 veterinarians, 6 technicians, and 6 producers. The raters assessed the clinical signs using scores based on the Wisconsin and California scoring system with modifications (0 = absent, 1 = mild, 2 = moderate, 3 = severe for nasal discharge, ocular discharge, and ear droop or head tilt; and 0 = absent, 1 = moderate, 2 = severe for abnormal respiration and induced cough). We used median percentage agreement (Pa), median Cohen's kappa (Kappa), and Gwet's agreement coefficient 1 (AC1) to assess inter-rater agreement. The effect of scale combination was also tested to determine the optimal combination (4-scale 0/1/2/3 vs. 3-scale 0/1/2 vs. 2-scale 0/1,2,3; 0,1/2,3; or 0/1,2). The differences of inter-rater agreement between veterinarians, technicians, and producers were estimated by a Wilcoxon rank-sum test. The 2-scale combination (0,1/2,3 or 0/1,2) had the highest inter-rater agreement for all clinical signs. With this combination, induced cough was the clinical sign with the highest inter-rater agreement (Pa = 0.93; Kappa = 0.79; AC1 = 0.87) and abnormal respiration was the sign with the lowest inter-rater agreement (Pa = 0.77; Kappa = 0.20; AC1 = 0.74). According to Pa and AC1 values, the 2-scale inter-rater agreement of the 5 clinical signs was good (value > 0.6). According to Kappa, only ear droop or head tilt and induced cough had a substantial 2-scale inter-rater agreement (Kappa > 0.6). In general, the 2-scale inter-rater agreement was better among veterinarians than among technicians and producers, except for the ear droop/head tilt, where agreement was better among producers. We concluded that with severity scores assessed on a scale of 2 (0,1/2,3 or 0/1,2), the inter-rater agreement of BRD clinical signs was variable according to the sign in veal calves. BRD clinical signs were not detected equally between veterinarians, technicians, and producers of the veal industry. Future research could determine if this discrepancy could be improved by standardization training.
Descriptive characteristics of the dietary patterns used in the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial; The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension trial was a randomized, multicenter, controlled feeding study to compare the effect on blood pressure of 3 dietary patterns: control, fruits and vegetables, and combination diets. The patterns differed in selected nutrients hypothesized to alter blood pressure. This article examines the food-group structure and nutrient composition of the study diets and reports participant nutrient consumption during intervention. Participants consumed the control dietary pattern during a 3-week run-in period. They were then randomized either to continue on the control diet or to change to the fruits and vegetables or the combination diet for 8 weeks. Sodium intake and body weight were constant during the entire feeding period. Analysis of variance models compared the nutrient content of the 3 diets. Targeting a few nutrients thought to influence blood pressure resulted in diets that were profoundly different in their food-group and nutrient composition. The control and fruits and vegetables diets contained more oils, table fats, salad dressings, and red meats and were higher in saturated fat, total fat, and cholesterol than was the combination diet. The fruits and vegetables and combination diets contained relatively more servings of fruits, juices, vegetables, and nuts/seeds, and were higher in magnesium, potassium, and fiber than was the control diet. Both the fruits and vegetables and combination diets were low in sweets and sugar-containing drinks. The combination diet contained a greater variety of fruits, and its high calcium content was obtained by increasing low-fat dairy products. In addition, the distinct food grouping pattern across the 3 diets resulted in substantial differences in the levels of vitamins A, C, E, folate, B-6, and zinc.
Saturated Fat Consumption and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease and Ischemic Stroke: A Science Update; At a workshop to update the science linking saturated fatty acid (SAFA) consumption with the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) and ischemic stroke, invited participants presented data on the consumption and bioavailability of SAFA and their functions in the body and food technology. Epidemiological methods and outcomes were related to the association between SAFA consumption and disease events and mortality. Participants reviewed the effects of SAFA on CHD, causal risk factors, and surrogate risk markers. Higher intakes of SAFA were not associated with higher risks of CHD or stroke apparently, but studies did not take macronutrient replacement into account. Replacing SAFA by cis-polyunsaturated fatty acids was associated with significant CHD risk reduction, which was confirmed by randomized controlled trials. SAFA reduction had little direct effect on stroke risk. Cohort studies suggest that the food matrix and source of SAFA have important health effects. (C) 2017 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel
Galectin-1 reduces the severity of dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced ulcerative colitis by suppressing inflammatory and oxidative stress response; Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory bowel disease that affects a large number of people around the world. Galectin-1 is a beta-galactoside-binding lectin with a broad range of biological activities. The effects of galectin-1 on dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced ulcerative colitis in vivo is not clear. We investigated the effect of galectin-1 on colon morphology, cell proliferation, oxidative stress, antioxidant system, and proinflammatory/antiinflammatory cytokines in a DSS-induced mouse model of ulcerative colitis. Thirty-two C57BL/6 mice were randomly assigned to one of the four groups: control, acute colitis, galectin-1, and DSS+galectin-1. Controls were treated with phosphate-buttered saline (PBS) for seven days. Acute colitis was induced by 3% DSS in drinking water administered orally for five days. Mice in galectin-1 groups were treated with 1 mg/kg recombinant human galectin-1 in PBS for seven consecutive days. Oral DSS administration resulted in acute colitis by causing histopathological changes; an increase in disease activity index (DAI), lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde MDA]), myeloperoxidase (MPO), and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha levels; a decrease in body weight, colon length, cell proliferation index, catalase, glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities, and GSH and interleukin (IL)-10 levels. The treatment with galectin-1 attenuated DSSinduced acute colitis by reducing DAI, MDA, MPO, and TNF-alpha levels and by increasing body weight, colon length, cell proliferation, antioxidant enzyme activity, GSH, and IL-10 levels. These findings suggest that galectin-1 has proliferative, antioxidant, antiinflammatory, and cytoprotective effects against DSS-induced ulcerative colitis in mice. Due to its antiinflammatory and antioxidant activity galectin-1 may be effective in preventing and treating ulcerative colitis.
Evaluation of social knowledge on photoprotection and its relationship with education and age in a Polish seaside town during summer holidays; ObjectiveThis survey aimed to evaluate knowledge of photoprotection among individuals from a random group in a resort town in Poland, Kolobrzeg, and explore the correlation between their knowledge and demographics like age, gender, education, and residence.MethodsAn anonymous survey was conducted among a diverse group. This population comprised individuals from various backgrounds: health spa patients undergoing treatments, therapies and medical appointments, guests visiting the resort for leisure, passersby, and staff working at the spa and recreational facilities. The survey was designed by authors, encompassed 16 questions about knowledge on photoprotection, sunscreen use and related topics, and gathered demographic data. Responses from 142 individuals were statistically analyzed using PQStat Software.ResultsOnly 7.7% use sunscreen all year-round. The majority apply sun protection factor (SPF) creams on sunny days or with prolonged sun exposure. Over half of the respondents (53.5%) are aware when to apply sunscreen but 43% reapply it less than every 4 h. 25.4% do not reapply at all. 38.7% think protection provided by higher SPF means longer sun exposure time. Over 50% believe SPF 30 offers double the protection of SPF 15. Almost half (46.8%) use extra sun protection, like sunglasses or hats. Significant correlations exist between education/age and certain survey responses.ConclusionsThe findings emphasize the urgency to improve photoprotection knowledge in the Polish population, particularly regarding the year-round harmful solar effects and the correct use of sun protection products.
Interactive effects of dietary sodium and chloride on the incidence of spontaneous cardiomyopathy (round heart) in turkeys; Two pen trials were conducted in Utah, altitude 1,630 m, with Large White female turkey poults to evaluate effects of dietary Na and chloride (Cl) concentrations on live performance and deaths caused by spontaneous cardiomyopathy (STC, "round heart") from 0 to 35 d of age. A randomized block 2 x 2 factorial arrangement with four replicate pens per treatment was used. Pen size was 3.8 x 5.6 m. In each trial, four starter diets were formulated from a common basal diet (corn-soy-meat) to obtain the following sodium and chloride concentrations: High Na (0.24%):High Cl (0.40%); High Na (0.24%):Low Cl (0.16%); Low Na (0.14%):High Cl (0.40%); and Low Na (0.14%):Low Cl (0.16%). Supplements were NaCl, NaHCO3, NH4Cl, or combinations. After laboratory analysis, true values of Na were slightly lower than expected, Cl was near expected values to slightly low, and K was 1.145%.
Prevalence of reproductive drugs usage in humans and animals: A pilot study in Patiala city of India; Reproductive drugs that include contraceptive and fertility drugs are used to manage reproductive health in both humans and animals. Contraceptive drugs are mainly used by humans for reversible contraception whereas fertility drugs are mainly used in animals to increase milk production, poultry products and meat production. Usage of these drugs has increased manifold in the last decade. These drugs are excreted through body fluids (mainly urine and milk) that lead to contamination of surface water, milk and animal produce. Consumption of such contaminated products or water results in reproductive disorders and different types of cancers in humans. This questionnaire-based study was designed and conducted involving gynecologists, pharmacies, medical stores and veterinarians in Patiala city and its adjoining areas in India to evaluate the quantitative and qualitative aspects of use of these drugs. A total of 150 survey points were identified with random sampling method. Data was analyzed using appropriate statistical tools. The results showed that contraceptive drugs constitute 86% of reproductive drugs usage in humans. Further, steroidal contraceptives constitute a huge 94.7% share of contraceptive drugs, and of these combined oral contraceptives have 79.79% share among which a combination is ethinylestradiol and levonorgestrel is the most popular (20.92%). The consumption of COCs is higher than that of progestin only pills (Z = 3.39) as well as estrogen only pills (Z = 4.30). In contrast, usage of non hormonal fertility drugs (89%) dominates over the hormonal class (11%) in humans. The most widely used non-hormonal fertility drug is clomiphene citrate (73.87%). In animals, the prescription rate of hormonal fertility drugs is higher (83%) than the non-hormonal one, where in the most widely prescribed drug is buserelin acetate. These findings are in consonance with the similar studies carried out in US, Europe and Canada which suggest that reproductive drugs usage pattern is more or less similar across the globe. A careful control to discourage indiscriminate use of such drugs is the need of hour to prevent damage of environment and ultimately to the health of living beings. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Daylight photodynamic therapy vs. Conventional photodynamic therapy as skin cancer preventive treatment in patients with face and scalp cancerization: an intra-individual comparison study; BackgroundIndividuals with medical history of non-melanoma skin cancers (NMSCs) usually develop multiple and/or recurrent malignant lesions around the site of the primary neoplasm. The latter represents the clinical expression of the field cancerization' theory; supporting the presence of multiple malignant clones of dysplastic keratinocytes over the entire epithelium that potentially can progress into clinical lesions. Taking into consideration that the burden of NMSCs on public health and health-care cost is high, adequate control of recurrences and management of field change is challenging.
Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice of Adult to the Protective Actions against Sun in Northwest Tehran, Iran; Background: Wrong beliefs about risky actions such as sunbathing and tanning are common due to media advertisements or general lack of knowledge. This work has focused on the knowledge and attitude of a group of citizens in Tehran, Iran and the protective actions they take regarding undesirable effects of the sun.
Longitudinal changes in dietary patterns during adult life; Despite the growing interest in dietary patterns, there have been few longitudinal investigations. The objective of the present study was to extend an earlier method of dietary pattern assessment to longitudinal binary data and to assess changes in patterns over time and in relation to socio-demographic covariates. A prospective national cohort of 1265 participants completed a 5d food diary at three time-points during their adult life (at age 36 years in 1982, 43 years in 1989 and 53 years in 1999). Factor analysis identified three dietary patterns for women (fruit, vegetables and dairy; ethnic foods and alcohol; meat, potatoes and sweet foods) and two patterns in men (ethnic foods and alcohol; mixed). Trends in dietary pattern scores were calculated using random effects models. Marked changes were found in scores for all patterns between 1989 and 1999, with only the meat, potatoes and sweet foods pattern in women recording a decline. In a multiple variable model that included the three time-points, socio-demographic variables and BMI time-dependent covariates, both non-manual social class and higher education level were also strongly associated with the consumption of more items from the ethnic foods and alcohol pattern and the mixed pattern for men (P < 0.0001) and the fruit, vegetables and dairy pattern and the ethnic foods and alcohol pattern for women (P < 0.01). In conclusion, longitudinal changes in dietary patterns and across socio-economic groups can assist with targeting public health initiatives by identifying stages during adult life when interventions to improve diet would be most beneficial to health.
The gap between food-based dietary guidelines and usual food consumption in Belgium, 2004; Objective: To evaluate the gap between food-based dietary guidelines (FBDG) and the usual food consumption in Belgium.
Effect of Spirulina Algae Levels Supplements on The productive and Reproductive Performance of Doe Rabbits; THIS STUDY was conducted to assess the effects of the supplement at different levels of spirulina platensis (SP) on the productive and reproductive performance of doe rabbits. Forty doe rabbits aged eight months with an average live body weight of 2870 +/- 26g were randomly divided into four identical experimental groups according to their live body weight (ten rabbits each). The control group (T1) received a basal diet without a supplement. The other groups (T2, T3, and T4) received the same basal diet supplemented with Spirulina at rates of 0.5, 1, and 1.5 g/h/d, respectively. The obtained results indicated that all nutrient digestibility, feed intake, feed conversion, and milk yield were significantly (p<0.05) increased with increasing SP levels. Supplementation of SP significantly (p<0.05) improved some of the rabbits' productive and reproductive performance, which included conception rate, litter size and weight at birth, and weaning, as well as the mortality rate. Administration of the SP supplement had no effect on serum total protein, aspartate amino transferase and immunoglobulin G levels. However, the increase in SP levels in the T3, and T4 groups resulted in significantly (p<0.05) higher serum albumin and immunoglobulin M levels and significantly lower serum globulin, urea, creatinine, and alanine amino transferase levels than those in the T2 and T1 groups. Overall, the findings indicated that supplements at rates of 0.5, 1 and 1.5 g/h/d of spirulina to doe rabbit diets improved their health status, nutrient digestibility, productivity, some reproductive performance and economic efficiency, with superiority for 1.5 g/h/d.
Fokus on sheep flocks management in Sulaimani (Iraq); Sheep in Kurdistan, Iraq provide sustainable organic commodities. To provide reliable information on sheep production in Sulaimani province, Kurdistan, Iraq, field survey was conducted during June until September, 2010. A total of 27 random villages, included 56 sheep flocks with a total of 9241 sheep heads under sedentary natural grazing production system were investigated. The most interested findings obtained were:
Oestrogen therapy for urinary incontinence in postmenopausal women; Background
Effects of β-carotene supplementation and age on the oxidative status, production and reproductive performance of grazing ewes; Context There is some evidence that physiological stages such as breeding, pregnancy, parturition and lactation may trigger oxidative stress. It has also been observed in several species, including sheep, that age affects their vulnerability to oxidative stress.Aims This study investigated the effects of supplemental beta-carotene and age on the oxidative status of grazing ewes around breeding, pregnancy, parturition and early lactation as well as on their production and reproduction performance.Methods Hundred and four ewes were divided into two broad age groups (young = 1-3 years, and old = 4-6 years). Within age groups, ewes of similar age were randomly assigned to four treatment groups (A1, A2, A3, C) by using a completely randomised block design. The young (n = 13) and old (n = 13) sheep in Groups A1, A2 and A3 were daily drenched with 100 mg, 75 mg and 50 mg beta-carotene respectively. Group C was unsupplemented (Control). Supplementation lasted 28 days before oestrus synchronisation; 14 days during oestrus synchronisation (CIDR) and hand-mating; 18 days post-hand-mating; 30 days before lambing; and 15 days after lambing. All animals were grazed on Kikuyu grass (Pennisetum clandestinum). Six ewes from each group (total = 24) were sampled for blood to measure oxidative and hormonal status during the experiment.Key results Supplemental beta-carotene at >= 75 mg/day may act as a pro-oxidant in ruminants under oxidatively stressed conditions such as parturition. Age did not affect the ewes' oxidative status. The supplemental beta-carotene did not affect bodyweight, oestrus parameters, corpus luteum size, conception rate and litter size. Except for a tendency of lambs from supplemented ewes to have heavier weight at 15 days old (P = 0.080), age group and supplemental beta-carotene did not affect the lamb mortality rate or weight at birth or 15 days old. Older ewes showed earlier and longer duration of oestrus than did younger ewes.Conclusions Supplementation of grazing ewes with beta-carotene should not be >= 75 mg/day, especially at parturition period, because it may work as a pro-oxidant. The older ewes seem to have earlier oestrus with a longer duration than do the younger ones.Implications Caution is urged when administering high doses of beta-carotene to ewes during the peri-parturient period.
Prevalence and predictors of exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life among women in Halaba special woreda, Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples' Region/ SNNPR/, Ethiopia: a community based cross-sectional study; Background: Exclusive breastfeeding is defined as feeding infants only breast milk, be it directly from breast or expressed, with no addition of any liquid or solids apart from drops or syrups consisting of vitamins, mineral supplements or medicine, and nothing else. Several studies have shown that exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months plays a great role in preventing morbidity and mortality. In Ethiopia, for example, mortality rates of infant and children younger than five years are high. Understanding the prevalence and predictors that influence exclusive breastfeeding in this is crucial to promoting the practice.
DIETARY-INTAKE PATTERNS AND SOCIODEMOGRAPHIC FACTORS IN THE ATHEROSCLEROSIS RISK IN COMMUNITIES STUDY; Background. Comprehensive and up-to-date data on differences in dietary intake according to various sociodemographic factors are needed to understand the potential impact of dietary factors on disease risks in the United States.
Genomic approach to determine sources of neonatal <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> infection from carriage in the Gambia; Staphylococcus aureus is a major cause of neonatal infections in various anatomical sites, resulting in high morbidity and mortality in The Gambia. These clinical infections are often preceded by nasal carriage of S. aureus, a known risk factor. To determine whether potential sources of newborn S. aureus infections were from carriage, and to characterize S. aureus present in different anatomical sites (blood, ear, eye, umbilical cord, skin, pus, oropharynx, breast milk and vagina), we performed whole-genome sequencing of 172 isolates from clinical sites as well as from healthy and unhealthy carriage. A random selection of mothers (n = 90) and newborns (n = 42) participating in a clinical trial and testing positive for S. aureus were considered for this study. Sequence data were analyzed to determine S. aureus multilocus sequence types and selected antimicrobial and virulence gene profiles. Our findings revealed that in The Gambia, ST15 is the dominant sequence type associated with both carriage and clinical infection. In addition, S. aureus isolates causing clinical infection among neonates were genetically similar to those colonizing their oropharynx, and the different anatomical sites were not found to be uniquely colonized by S. aureus of a single genomic profile. Furthermore, while S. aureus associated with clinical infection had similar antimicrobial resistance gene profiles to carriage isolates, only hemolysin and adhesive factor virulence genes were significantly higher among clinical isolates. In conclusion, this study confirmed S. aureus oropharyngeal colonization among neonates as a potential source of clinical infection in The Gambia. Hence, interventions aiming to reduce neonatal clinical infections in The Gambia should consider decreasing oropharyngeal S. aureus carriage.
Sodium Danshensu promotes the healing of stage 2 pressure injury wounds in ischemia/reperfusion injury rat models: possible regulation of apoptosis and inflammatory response; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the protective effect and possible mechanism of sodium Danshensu (SDSS) against pressure injury caused by ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury.
Early postoperative enteral feeding in patients with nontraumatic intestinal perforation and peritonitis; Background: In our clinical setting, patients with perforative peritonitis are frequently malnourished. Immediate postoperative enteral feeding has been shown effective in reducing septic morbidity in patients with abdominal trauma. This study was designed to investigate the feasibility and efficacy of immediate postoperative enteral feeding in patients with nontraumatic intestinal perforation and peritonitis.
An insight into the health-promoting effects of taxifolin (dihydroquercetin); Taxifolin (3,5,7,3,4-pentahydroxy flavanone or dihydroquercetin) is a flavonoid commonly found in onion, milk thistle, French maritime pine bark and Douglas fir bark. It is also used in various commercial preparations like Legalon (TM), Pycnogenol (R), and Venoruton (R). This review focuses on taxifolin's biological activities and related molecular mechanisms. Published literatures were gathered from the scientific databases like PubMed, SciFinder, ScienceDirect, Wiley Online Library, Google Scholar, and Web of Science up to January 2019. Taxifolin showed promising pharmacological activities in the management of inflammation, tumors, microbial infections, oxidative stress, cardiovascular, and liver disorders. The anti-cancer activity was more prominent than other activities evaluated using different in vitro and in vivo models. Further research on the pharmacokinetics, in-depth molecular mechanisms, and safety profile using well-designed randomized clinical studies are suggested to develop a drug for human use.
Oestrogen therapy for urinary incontinence in postmenopausal women; Background
Nutraceutical potential of mushroom bioactive metabolites and their food functionality; Numerous mushroom bioactive metabolites, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been studied in life-threatening conditions and diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity attempting to identify natural therapies. These bioactive metabolites have shown potential as antiviral and immune system strengthener natural agents through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, widely available, and inexpensive. In light of the emerging literature, this paper compiles the most recent information describing the molecular mechanisms that underlie the nutraceutical potentials of these mushroom metabolites suggesting their effectiveness if combined with existing drug therapies while discussing the food functionality of mushrooms. The findings raise hope that these mushroom bioactive metabolites may be utilized as natural therapies considering their therapeutic potential while anticipating further research designing clinical trials and developing new drug therapies while encouraging their consumption as a natural adjuvant in preventing and controlling life-threatening conditions and diseases. Practical applications Diabetes, cardiovascular, hypertension, cancer, DNA damage, hypercholesterolemia, and obesity are among the world's largest life-threatening conditions and diseases. Several mushroom bioactive compounds, including polysaccharides, eritadenine, lignin, chitosan, mevinolin, and astrakurkurone have been found potential in tackling these diseases through diverse cellular and physiological pathways modulation with no toxicity evidence, suggesting their use as nutraceutical foods in preventing and controlling these life-threatening conditions and diseases.
Circulating microRNA as candidates for early embryonic viability in cattle; Blood-borne extracellular vesicles (i.e., exosomes and microvesicles) carrying microRNAs (miRNAs) could make excellent biomarkers of disease and different physiologic states, including pregnancy status. We tested the hypothesis that circulating extracellular vesicle-derived miRNAs might differentiate the pregnancy status of cows that had maintained pregnancy to Day 30 from non-pregnant cows or from those that exhibited embryonic mortality between Days 17 and 30 of gestation. Cows were randomly assigned for artificial insemination with fertile semen (n=36) or dead semen(n=8; control group) on Day 0 (day of estrus). Blood was collected from all animals on Day 0 and on Days 17 and 24 after artificial insemination. Cows receiving live sperm were retrospectively classified as pregnant on Day 30 (n = 17) or exhibiting embryonic mortality between Days 17 and 30 (n = 19). Extracellular vesicles from Day 17 and 24 samples were isolated from serum using ultra-centrifugation, and their presence was confirmed by nanoparticle tracking and Western blot analyses (for CD81) prior to RNA extraction. MicroRNA sequencing was performed on pregnant, embryonic-mortality, and control cows (n = 4 per day), for a total of 24 independent reactions. In total, 214 miRNAs were identified in serum, 40 of which were novel. Based on differential abundance parameters, we identified 32 differentially abundant loci, representing 27 differentially abundant mature miRNA. At Days 17 and 24, specific miRNAs (e.g., miR-25, -16b, and -3596) were identified that differentiated the pregnancy status. In summary, we identified several circulating extracellular vesicles derived miRNAs that differ in abundance between embryonic mortality and pregnant cows.
Disposition and metabolism of topically administered alpha-tocopherol acetate: A common ingredient of commercially available sunscreens and cosmetics; Skin cancers are a serious health problem in the United States. One common method of skin cancer primary prevention is use of sunscreens. Research has been conducted to ascertain the role of active ingredients of sunscreen products in photoprotection and possible carcinogenesis. In contrast, little is known about the ''other ingredients,'' listed or unlisted, on sunscreen product labels. One such ingredient is vitamin E, usually in the form of alpha-tocopherol acetate. Results of recent studies of skin carcinogenesis in an ultraviolet (UV) B mouse carcinogenesis model suggest that topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate does not prevent and, under some conditions, enhances skin cancer development and growth, whereas the free unesterified form of alpha-tocopherol significantly reduces experimental UVB carcinogenesis. We have performed a Phase II cancer prevention study to evaluate whether topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate is absorbed in human skin and metabolizes to the free or other forms. In this double-blind study, 19 men and women >30 years of age who had at least three actinic keratoses on their forearms were randomly assigned to apply alpha-tocopherol acetate (125 mg/g) or difluoromethylornithine cream to their arms twice daily for three months. Blood samples and photographs and punch biopsies of actinic keratoses were obtained before and at the end of the study (Month 4). Plasma and skin concentrations of free alpha-tocopherol, alpha-tocopherol acetate, and gamma-tocopherol were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography at Month 4. The results of this report focus only on data obtained from the 11 participants randomized to the alpha-tocopherol acetate arm of the study. Topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate was substantially absorbed in skin, with no evidence of conversion within skin to its unesterified form (i.e., free alpha-tocopherol). There was no evidence of systemic availability or biotransformation of topically applied alpha-tocopherol acetate. In summary, we have determined that alpha-tocopherol acetate is not metabolized to the free form of alpha-tocopherol in plasma or skin.
Strain and sex effects on growth performance and carcass traits of contemporary commercial broiler crosses; In total, 3,840 sexed birds from 6 commercial cross broiler strains (4 male and 3 female) were raised and processed to analyze the effect of strain and sex on growth performance and carcass traits. Chicks from M1 x F1, M2 x F1, M3 x F1, M4 x F1, M3 x F2, and M4 x F3 crosses were sexed. Fifty female and 40 male chicks were randomly allocated to 24 floor pens (119 x 300 cm) covered with pine shavings in each of 4 rooms. The FCR was adjusted for the weight of dead birds (AFCR). Four birds/pen were processed at 7 wk of age. Carcasses were deboned after 2 h of chilling (n = 32 birds per treatment). There were significant strain by sex interactions for BW gain from 0 to 21 and 0 to 48 d. Strain differences in growth rate and mortality increased with age. The cross with the fastest growth rate also had the highest mortality. Because of differences in mortality and carcass yields, birds with the fastest growth (0-48 d) did not produce the most salable meat. Both the heaviest live BW per bird at 48 d (3.45 kg) and highest mortality (13.40%) were observed with the M4 x F3 cross. However, the heaviest live BW per 1,000 chicks placed was from the M3 x F2 cross (3,107 kg). The highest chilled carcass yield was from the M3 x F2 cross (76.05% of live BW) as was the highest meat yield (2,364 kg per 1,000 chicks placed) and highest pectoralis meat yield (805 kg per 1,000 chicks placed). The M3 x F2 cross produced the most total white meat (1,058 kg per 1,000 chicks placed), but interestingly the slowest-growing strain (M1 x F1) produced more white meat (breast + tenders + wings) than did the fastest-growing M4 x F3 strain (980 kg vs. 1,002 kg per 1,000 chicks placed). These results demonstrate the complexity of choosing between commercial strain crosses. The most profitable choice will be dependent on whether whole birds or parts are marketed and the relative values of the parts.
(n-3) Long-Chain PUFA Differentially Affect Resistance to <i>Pseudomonas aeruginosa</i> Infection of Male and Female <i>cftr</i><SUP>-/-</SUP> Mice; The aim of this study was to determine whether oral supplementation with EPA/DHA (10.5 and 5.1% of fat, respectively) could improve the outcome of pulmonary P. aeruginosa infection in cftr(-/-) mice compared with wild-type (Wt) mice similarly treated. Because gender could influence the susceptibility of cftr-deficient mice, results were analyzed by gender. Wt and cftr(-/-) mice were randomized for 6 wk to consume a control or EPA/DHA diet, infected with endotracheal injection of 5 x 107 CFU/mouse of P. aeruginosa, and killed 24 h later. Cftr(-/-) mice were more susceptible to infection than were Wt mice; cftr(-/-) males had more neutrophils (P < 0.01) and a higher keratinocyte-derived chemokine (KC) level (P < 0.05), and cftr(-/-) females had greater lung injury and mortality (P < 0.05). Female cftr(-/-) mice were more susceptible than cftr(-/-) males with a higher mortality and lung injury (P < 0.05). The EPA/DHA diet reduced neutrophil numbers and KC and IL-6 levels (P < 0.05) in cftr(-/-) males and reduced mortality rate (P < 0.001), lung permeability, and IL-6 level (P < 0.05) in cftr(-/-) females compared with cftr(-/-) mice fed the control diet. These results were associated with a reduction in the pulmonary bacterial load (P < 0.05), an increase in the EPA/DHA concentration in cell membranes of cftr(-/-) males and females (P < 0.01), and an increased weight gain only in males compared with cftr(-/-) mice fed the control diet (P < 0.01). In conclusion, EPA/DHA improves the host resistance of cftr(-/-) mice, although the beneficial effect differed in males and females. J. Nutr. 141: 1101-1107, 2011.
Progress in the experimental therapy of severe arenaviral infections; A number of viruses in the family Arenavirldae cause severe illness in humans. Lassa virus in West Africa and a number of agents in South America produce hemorrhagic fever in persons exposed to aerosolized excretions of the pathogens' rodent hosts. Because arenaviruses are not transmitted by arthropods, and person-to-person spread is rare, human infections occur singly and sporadically, and are usually not diagnosed until the patient is severely ill. Because the arenaviruses are naturally transmitted by the airborne route, they also pose a potential threat as aerosolized bioterror weapons. The broad-spectrum antiviral drug ribavirin was shown to reduce mortality from Lassa fever, and has been tested against Argentine hemorrhagic fever, but it is not an approved treatment for either disease. Human immune convalescent plasma was proven to be effective for Argentine hemorrhagic fever in a controlled trial. New treatments are needed to block viral replication without causing toxicity and to prevent the increased vascular permeability that is responsible for hypotension and shock. In this paper, we review current developments in the experimental therapy of severe arenaviral infections, focusing on drugs that have been tested in animal models, and provide a perspective on future research.
Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy for maternal and newborn outcomes; Background
Vitamin D receptor polymorphism and the risk of colorectal adenomas: Evidence of interaction with dietary vitamin D and calcium; Laboratory studies and epidemiological investigations suggest that vitamin D plays a role in the etiology of colorectal adenomas, possibly through a mechanism mediated by the vitamin D receptor (VDR). We conducted a clinic-based case-control study to examine the association between VDR polymorphisms and colorectal adenomas. We selectively identified a random subset of 393 cases of colorectal adenomas and 406 colonoscopy-negative controls from a clinic-based case-control study conducted in the metropolitan Minneapolis/St. Paul area during 1991-1994. A self-administered questionnaire was used to collect data on dietary and supplement intake of vitamin D and calcium, as well as on demographics, physical activity, medical information, lifestyle factors, reproductive history, and anthropometry. DNA was extracted from whole blood and assayed for the BsmI VDR polymorphism using an ABI 7700 TaqMan assay. Adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (Cls) were evaluated using logistic regression. Compared with the bb genotype (33% of controls), neither the Bb (48.8% of controls) nor the BB (18.2% of controls) genotypes was strongly associated with risk of colorectal adenomas (OR = 0.86, CI = 0.63-1.19 and OR = 0.77, CI = 0.50-1.18, respectively). However, those with the lowest tertile of vitamin D intake and the BB genotype had a lower risk of colorectal adenoma (OR 0.24, CI = 0.08-0.76) than those with the highest tertile of intake and the bb genotype. Similarly, those with the lowest tertile of calcium intake and the BB genotype had a reduced risk of colorectal adenoma (OR = 0.34, Cl 0.11-1.06). Although it has generally been shown that higher calcium and vitamin D intake are associated with a modestly reduced risk of colorectal neoplasia, our data suggest that those with the BB BsmI VDR genotype may be at reduced risk of colorectal adenoma in the presence of lower calcium and vitamin D intake.
Expression of miR-467b in atherosclerosis and its effects on TNF-α and MCP-1 in RAW 264.7 macrophages; This study aims to investigate the expression of miR-467b in atherosclerosis (AS) and its effects on the expression of tumor necrosis factor a (TNF-alpha) and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) in RAW 264.7 macrophages. 20 ApoE-/- mice were randomly divided into the control group (n = 10) and atherosclerosis model group (AS model group) ( n = 10). The control group received a standard diet, while the mice in AS model group were given a high-fat diet (containing 0.25% cholesterol and 15% cocoa butter) to induce atherosclerotic plaque. Then real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) was applied to detect the expression of miR-467b in thoracic aorta tissues of ApoE-/- mice. Here we utilized RAW 264.7 macrophages that were transfected with miR-467b mimics or inhibitors to detect the the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1 by RT-qPCR, and analyzed the effects of miR-467b on the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1; meanwhile, bioinformatics software was used to predict potential target site for miR-467b. And the results showed the presentation of thoracic aorta atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE-/- mice after receiving high-fat diet. Moreover, the expression of miR-467b in thoracic aorta tissue of AS mice was significantly down-regulated compared to the control group, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). And the expression of miR-467b in macrophages largely inhibited the level of TNF-alpha and MCP-1. Meanwhile, bioinformatics software showed that miR-467b was likely to target lipoprotein lipase (LPL). In conclusion, miR-467b expression was down-regulated in AS mice, and miR-467b low-expression can induce the expression of TNF-alpha and MCP-1 in macrophages by promoting LPL expression.
NOX2-mediated arterial dysfunction in smokers: acute effect of dark chocolate; Background Cocoa seems to exert artery dilatation via oxidative stress inhibition but the mechanism is still unclear.
LACTATION AND BREAST-CANCER - EVIDENCE FOR A NEGATIVE ASSOCIATION IN PREMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; A case-control study of breast cancer is presented and based on an analysis of data collected by interview between the years 1957-1965 from women residing in the communities of Buffalo and Kenmore, New York [USA]. Prior reproductive factors, including a detailed lactation history, were examined for 453 white females with breast cancer and 1365 white females without breast cancer who were selected randomly from the population of Buffalo and Kenmore. There is evidence of a negative association between length of nursing and breast cancer risk in premenopausal women which is not seen in the postmenopausal women. This apparent protective effect of lactation persists after statistical control for the potential confounding factors of age, parity, age at 1st pregnancy, age at menarche, and education. Cases are more likely than controls to have reported unsuccessful lactations due to insufficient milk. The findings of this study, in conjunction with a review of previously published studies that have examined prior lactation as related to breast cancer risk, suggest that there may be an independent negative association between nursing and subsequent breast cancer risk in premenopausal women. Whether this means that breast feeding is protective or that some women who are unsuccessful at lactation are at increased risk for subsequent breast cancer is not clear. A detailed re-analysis of existing data and more careful attention to detailed prior breast function/dysfunction in future studies are recommended.
Evaluation of the sugars content and mineral profile at different stages of growth of the fruit of soursop; The fruit of Annona muricata L. (soursop) is commercially important, as it is considered an industrial raw material for the production of juices, ice creams, nectars, jams, sweets and preserves. The objective of the work was to determine the content of sugars and mineral profile in different stages of the fruit of A. muricata (soursop). The research was carried out at CESID Fruticola y Apicola CORPOZULIA, Mara municipality, Zulia state, Venezuela. The experimental design was of random blocks, following the methodology of repeated measurements over time (RMT) in order to study the longitudinal behavior of the five stages of the fruit, during three harvests. Ten plants were selected from which five fruits.stage(-1).plant(-1) were harvested. SAS (R) software version 9.1.3 was used to process the data. Sugars and mineral composition were determined by the HPLC technique and atomic absorption, respectively. The results showed the presence of fructose and glucose in the mesoendocarp of the fruit. In greater proportion, fructose was observed, evidencing a progressive increase (stage 5: 42.03 mg.100 g(-1) of mesoendocarp). Potassium (K), sodium (Na), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), calcium (Ca) and magnesium (Mg), were the determined minerals, which presented the maximum amounts in the exocarp of the fruit. These chemical variables are important to evaluate the nutritional and therapeutic potential of this fruit, for the national and international market due to its disease control properties, especially diabetes and cancer.
A COMPARISON OF DIETARY HABITS BETWEEN RECREATIONAL RUNNERS AND A RANDOMLY SELECTED ADULT POPULATION IN SLOVENIA; Introduction. The aim of the study was to compare the dietary habits of recreational runners with those of a random sample of the general population. We also wanted to determine the influence of gender, age and sports performance of recreational runners on their basic diet and compliance with recommendations in sports nutrition.
Effects of dietary supplementation with lysozyme during late gestation and lactation stage on the performance of sows and their offspring; This study investigated the effects of supplementing sow diets with lysozyme during the late gestation to lactation stage on the performance of sows and their offspring. Sixty sows (Yorkshire x Landrace, 3 to 6 of parity) at day 85 of gestation were allocated to the following 3 dietary treatments: I) sows fed a basal diet from late gestation to lactation (control, n = 20), 2) sows fed a basal diet with lysozyme 150 g/t (LZM 150, it = 20), and 3) sows fed a basal diet with lysozyme 300 g/t (LZM 300, n = 20). During the lactation period, sows fed diets containing lysozyme had increased average daily feed intake (ADFI) (P < 0.01) and decreased weaning -to -estrus interval (WEI, P < 0.05), but there were no significant effects on backfat during the trial among treatments. Sows fed lysozyme diets had increased (P < 0.05) serum concentration of total protein (TP) compared with those fed the control diets. Serum immunoglobulin M (1gM) of the sows increased (P < 0.05) on day 1 of lactation, immunoglobulin A (1gA) and interleukin-10 (1L-10) increased (P < 0.05) on day 7 of lactation, and immunoglobulin G (IgG) had a tendency to increase (P = 0.05) during the lactation. Milk concentration of IgA increased (P < 0.05) on day 1 and 7 of lactation and tended to be greater (P = 0.06) on day 21 of lactation. No significant differences among the dietary treatments were observed in placental tissue mRNA expression of interleukin-6 (IL -6), IL -10, tumor necrosis factor -a (/7VF-a), polymeric immunoglobulin receptor (pIgR), or the concentrations of IL -6, IL -10, TNF-a, or secretory immunoglobulin A (s1gA). Moreover, there was a decrease (P < 0.05) in stillborn in sows fed lysozyme diets. The diarrhea rate decreased (P < 0.05) and serum concentrations of IgA, IgG, 1gM, and 1L-10 increased (P < 0.05) in piglets from sows fed the diets containing lysozyme compared with piglets from sows fed the control diet. The serum concentrations of TP increased (P < 0.05), and albumin (ALB) and globulin (GLB) had a tendency to increase (I' = 0.08, P = 0.06) in piglets from sows fed the diets containing lysozyme compared with piglets from sows fed the control diet. In conclusion, this study indicates that feeding sows diets supplemented with lysozyme from the late gestation through lactation stage increased sow ADFI during the lactation, shortened the WEI, and improved the maternal and offspring health status as indicated by immunological characteristics and a reduced incidence of diarrhea in piglets.
Isoflavone-rich soy protein isolate suppresses androgen receptor expression without altering estrogen receptor-β expression or serum hormonal profiles in men at high risk of prostate cancer; The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of soy protein isolate consumption on circulating hormone profiles and hormone receptor expression patterns in men at high risk for developing advanced prostate cancer. Fifty-eight men were randomly assigned to consume 1 of 3 protein isolates containing 40 g/d protein: 1) soy protein isolate (SPI +) (107 mg/d isoflavones); 2) alcohol-washed soy protein isolate (SPI-) (< 6 mg/d isoflavones); or 3) milk protein isolate (0 mg/d isoflavones). For 6 me, the men consumed the protein isolates in divided doses twice daily as a partial meal replacement. Serum samples collected at 0, 3, and 6 mo were analyzed for circulating estradiol, estrone, sex hormone-binding globulin, androstenedione, androstanediol glucuronice, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, dihydrotestosterone, testosterone, and free testosterone concentrations by RIA. Prostate biopsy samples obtained pre- and postintervention were analyzed for androgen receptor (AR) and estrogen receptor-beta expression by immunohistochemistry. At 6 mo, consumption of SPI+ significantly suppressed AIR expression but did not alter estrogen receptor-beta expression or circulating hormones. Consumption of SPI- significantly increased estradiol and androstenedione concentrations, and tended to suppress AR expression (P = 0.09). Although the effects of SPI- consumption on estradiol and androstenedione are difficult to interpret and the clinical relevance is uncertain, these data show that AR expression in the prostate is suppressed by soy protein isolate consumption, which may be beneficial in preventing prostate cancer.
Heat stress modulates polymorphonuclear cell response in early pregnancy cows: I. interferon pathway and oxidative stress; One of the major causes of early pregnancy loss is heat stress. In ruminants, interferon tau (IFNT) is the embryo signal to the mother. Once the interferon signaling pathway is activated, it drives gene expression for interferon-stimulated genes (ISGs) and alters neutrophils responses. The aim of the present study was to evaluate interferon (IFN) pathway, ISGs and gene expression in polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMN) and oxidative stress in dairy cows under heat stress. Pregnant cows had their estrous cycle synchronized and randomly assigned to a comfort or heat stress group. Blood samples were collected at artificial insemination (AI) and on Days 10, 14 and 18 following AI. Pregnant cows were pregnancy checked by ultrasound on Day 30 and confirmed on Day 60 post-AI. Results are presented as mean +/- SEM. The corpus luteum (CL) diameter was not different between groups of pregnant cows; concentration of progesterone of pregnant cows on Day 18 following AI was greater in comfort group compared to heat stressed group. Comfort pregnant cows had higher expression of all analyzed genes from interferon pathway, except for IFNAR1, on both Days 14 and 18. Conversely, heat stressed cows did not show altered expression of IFNT pathway genes and ISGs between Days 10, 14, and 18 after AI. The oxidative stress, determined as malondialdehyde (MDA) levels, was greater in heat stress group on Days 10, 14 and 18, independent of pregnancy status. Heat stress negatively influences expression of ISGs, IFN pathway gene expression in neutrophils, and oxidative stress. Our data suggest that lower conception rates in cows under heat stress are multifactorial, with the association of interferon pathway activation and the unbalanced oxidative stress being main contributing factors.
Use of a commercial feed supplement based on yeast products and microalgae with or without nucleotide addition in calves; The use of feed additives with antioxidant and im-mune response modulatory activity could be a useful strategy in suckling calves to reduce morbidity and mortality. This strategy is based on several feed addi-tives tested for these purposes. The aim of the paper is the examination of a commercial feed additive for adult cows for use in calves, with and without nucleotide supplementation. Seventy-five Holstein Friesian male calves were divided in 3 groups, with each calf randomly assigned to a group according to birth order. All calves received 2 L of pooled colostrum within 2 h of birth. The commercial feed supplement group was orally adminis-tered with 5 g/head of Decosel (dried brewer's yeast lysate (Saccharomyces cerevisiae), brewer's yeast walls (Saccharomyces cerevisiae), diatoms, spirulina, barley flour, calcium carbonate; Agroteam srl, Torrimpietra, Italy) and the nucleotides + commercial feed supple-ment group was orally administered with 5 g/head of an additive containing 2.5 g of Decosel and 2.5 g of nucleotides once daily from birth to 25 d. The control group was orally administered 20 mL of fresh water/ head once daily. Calves that received the supplement and the nucleotides showed lower rates of protein and metabolizable energy conversion, with longer villi and greater crypt depth in duodenum. Moreover, the com-mercial feed supplement alone increased antioxidant ca-pacity [2,2 & PRIME;-azino-bis(3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid) and ferric-reducing antioxidant power] in plasma some activity of antioxidant liver enzymes, and pe-ripheral blood mononuclear cell viability after in vitro concanavalin A and H2O2 stimuli. Dietary supplemen-tation with a commercial feed supplement containing yeast products (yeast cell walls and hydrolyzed yeast) and microalgae enhanced the redox balance and gut morphology in calves, allowing calves to improve their immune response, increasing resistance to stress. More-over, these beneficial effects were strongly potentiated when dietary nucleotides were added to the supplement.
An oil mixture with <i>trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid increases markers of inflammation and in vivo lipid peroxidation compared with <i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11 conjugated linoleic acid in postmenopausal women; A mixture of trans-10, cis-12 (t10,c12) and cis-9, trans-11 (c9, t11) conjugated linoleic acid (CLA mixture) reduced atherosclerosis in animals, thus the effect of these isomers on endothelial dysfunctions leading to inflammation and atherosclerosis is of interest. We gave 75 healthy postmenopausal women a daily supplement of 5.5 g of oil rich in either CLA mixture, an oil rich in the naturally occurring c9,t11 CLA (CLA rnilk), respectively, or olive oil for 16 wk in a double-blind, randomized, parallel intervention study. We sampled blood and urine before and after the intervention. The ratios of total cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and concentrations of C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 were significantly higher in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than in those supplemented with CLA milk. Plasma triacylglycerol was significantly higher and HDL cholesterol was lower in women supplemented with the CLA mixture than with olive oil. Both CLA supplements increased lipid peroxidation, a marker of in vivo oxidative stress measured as urinary free 8-iso-prbstaglandin F-2 alpha. However, the CLA mixture increased lipid peroxidation more than the CLA milk did. The plasma cytokines interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor-a were not affected by the treatments, nor were any of the other variables measured. In conclusion, oil containing trans-10,cis-12 CLA has several adverse effects on classical and novel markers of coronary vascular disease, whereas the c9, t11 CLA isomer is more neutral, except for a small but significant increase in lipid peroxidation compared with olive oil.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationship between body size and testicular cancer; BACKGROUND: Studies assessing the relationships of anthropometry and testicular germ-cell tumour (TGCT) have reported heterogeneous findings.
APOPTOTIC CELL-DEATH AND TISSUE REMODELING DURING MOUSE MAMMARY-GLAND INVOLUTION; During post-lactational mammary gland involution, the bulk of mammary epithelium dies and is reabsorbed. This massive cell death and tissue restructuring was found to be accompanied by a specific pattern of gene expression. Northern blot analysis showed that weaning resulted in a dramatic drop in ODC, a gene involved in synthesis of a component of milk, and the nearly simultaneous induction of SGP-2, a gene associated with apoptotic cell death. These changes were followed by decreases in expression of milk protein genes to basal levels and expression of genes associated with regulation of cell proliferation and differentiation, p53, c-myc and TGF-beta-1. Subsequently, additional genes implicated in stress response, tissue remodelling, and apoptotic cell death were transiently expressed, expression peaking at about 6 days post-weaning. A non-random degradation of DNA yielding the oligonucleosomal length fragmentation pattern typical of apoptotic cell death (Wyllie, 1980; Wyllie et al., 1980) was detected in association with morphological changes and gene expression. The correlations between: (a) changes in morphology, (b) pattern of gene expression and (c) changes in DNA integrity suggest that complementary programs for cell death and tissue remodelling direct post-lactational mammary gland involution.
Associations between major dietary patterns and biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in two urban midsized cities in Argentina; Objective: We examined whether dietary patterns (DPS) are associated with endothelial dysfunction (ED) markers in an Argentinian population.
Sociodemographic Characteristics, Dietary Practices, and Nutritional Status of Adults with Hypertension in a Semi-Rural Community in the Eastern Region of Ghana; Introduction. Hypertension is a major contributor to the global disease burden and mortality. Evidence suggests increasing hypertension prevalence in Ghana but there is limited public awareness and information on the characteristics of those with the disease. Objective. To describe the baseline characteristics of adults with hypertension who were randomized to receive either hypertension related nutrition education plus hospital-based standard of care or only the standard of care (control group) in Asesewa, a semi-rural community in the Eastern Region of Ghana. Only baseline data were used in the present analysis. Methods. A cross-sectional baseline survey was completed for 63 adults with confirmed hypertension diagnosis. Data on sociodemitgraphic characteristics and diet were obtained through interviews and participants' body mass index (BMI) was computed. Pearson chisquare statistic was used to assess differences between those with both elevated diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) and those with only elevated SBP. Results. Mean +/- SD age of participants was 54.5 +/- 13.8 years. Approximately 71% of participants had both elevated SBP (>140 mmHg) and DBP (>90 mmHg) while the remaining 29% had only elevated SBP. The median number of times the food groups beneficial to hypertension management were consumed in the preceding week to the interview was 1 for green leafy vegetables, 1 for dairy products, 2 for fruits, and 4 for legumes. Ihe median number of times for consuming harmful food groups was 3 for salted fish and 7 times for fats and oils. Signifcantly more participants in the age group above 50 than the younger participants had elevated SBP (83.3 vs. 16.7:P=0.027) and those with BMI equal to or greater than 25 were more likely to have both elevated SBP and DBP (P=0.047). Conclusions. Findings from this study have implications for the prevention and management of hypertension in this semi-rural population.
A non-traditional dietary pattern increases risk of coronary artery disease in the Nepalese population; Objectives: Several dietary patterns are associated with cardiovascular diseases. Traditional, Western, Mediterranean, and vegetarian are common dietary patterns, derived from principal component analysis (PCA) of dietary food intakes associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, these patterns were derived mostly from the diet habits of people in Western and European countries. Therefore, the present study aimed to determine dietary patterns linked with coronary artery disease (CAD) in the Nepalese population. Methods: Food frequency questionnaires were used to estimate dietary intakes in 306 people with CAD and 306 people in a control group matched for age and sex. PCA was performed to deduce the dietary patterns, and conditional logistic regression was executed to determine the association of the dietary patterns with CAD. Results: The component of PCA with higher loadings of refined grain, sugar, and meat and lower loadings of milk, whole grain, and fruit was named the non-traditional dietary pattern in the present study. We found a 34% increased risk of CAD (odds ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.58; P < 0.001) associated with this dietary pattern after adjusting for smoking, physical activity, and cardiometabolic risk factors. Dietary pattern scores were further categorized into tertiles, and the third tertile was observed with significanly higher odds of CAD than the first tertile (odds ratio, 2.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.3-4.14; P for trend = 0.004). Conclusions: PCA-derived non-traditional dietary patterns can be a risk for developing CAD in Nepalese people. However, further cohort studies or randomized community trials are suggested to confirm our findings. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Prevalence of Self-Reported Respiratory Symptoms and Related Diseases in Different Agricultural Sectors: Findings from a Cross-Sectional Survey in Finland; Respiratory diseases and symptoms are well-recognized occupational problems among farmers. Our objective was to compare the current prevalence and occurrence trends of respiratory symptoms and disorders between different Finnish agricultural sectors and to, more specifically, determine the risk factors leading to the development of the symptoms. A questionnaire was e-mailed randomly to 10,000 members of The Farmers' Social Insurance Institution in Finland. The response rate was 25.1%. Farmers working with animals reported more respiratory symptoms than farmers working in haying, crop farming or forestry. Organic dust exposure was associated significantly with a higher prevalence of wheezing, asthma, allergic rhinitis and allergic alveolitis. Chronic bronchitis was associated with exposure to cattle, animal excrement, organic dust and fodder exposure. The prevalence of asthma was equal compared to the general population. The sectors of farming associated with an elevated prevalence of respiratory symptoms in Finland include dairy, beef and pig farming. The trend in the increase of asthma among farmers seems to follow the development of asthma in the general population. These results remind that respiratory protection should be considered especially during exposure to agricultural organic dusts and microbes.
The effect of laughter therapy on radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer: a single-blind prospective pilot study; Background: There have not yet been any published studies on the effects of laughter therapy on radiation-induced dermatitis in breast cancer patients treated with radiotherapy (RT). We assessed the effectiveness of laughter therapy in preventing radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer.
Continuous activation of PpIX by daylight is as effective as and less painful than conventional photodynamic therapy for actinic keratoses;: a randomized, controlled, single-blinded study; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a highly effective treatment for actinic keratoses (AK); however, it is time consuming and often painful for the patient. Daylight-PDT would make the treatment independent of the clinic and less painful due to the continuous activation of small amounts of porphyrins during its formation.
An open-label, randomized trial of the effects of macrophage versus granulocyte colony-stimulating factor on natural killer cell activity, lymphokine activated killer cell activity, interleukin-2 production, and leukocyte count in patients after chemotherapy for ovarian cancer; An open-label, randomized trial was carried out to determine the effects of human urine macrophage colony-stimulating factor (hM-CSF) and granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) on natural killer (NK) cell activity, lymphokine activated killer (LAK) cell activity, interleukin-2 (IL-2) production, and peripheral white blood cell (WBC) count in patients receiving chemotherapy for ovarian cancer. Twenty patients with ovarian cancer who had received chemotherapy consisting of a combination of carboplatin (280 mg/m(2) intravenously [IV], day 1) and cisplatin (70 mg/m(2) IV, day 2) were randomly divided into two groups. Group A was given hM-CSF 8 x 10(6) U/body per day IV for 5 days from the 14th day after the start of chemotherapy, and group B was given G-CSF 75 mu g/body per day subcutaneously for 5 days from the 14th day after the start of chemotherapy. Blood was sampled four times as follows: before chemotherapy; before CSF administration; on the third day of CSF administration; and on the day after completion of CSF administration. The number of peripheral WBCs, NK cell activity, LAK activity, and IL-2 production were determined. The final evaluation was performed in 16 patients (8 patients in each group). In group B, the number of peripheral WBCs was significantly increased to 7763 +/- 2477/mm(3) on the third day of G-CSF administration compared with the number before administration of G-CSF (4113 +/- 1186/mm(3)). There are no significant changes in WBC count in group A. No significant differences in NK cell activity or IL-2 production were observed between groups. In group A, NK cell activity was significantly increased to 34 +/- 14% on the third day of hM-CSF administration compared with the activity before administration of hM-CSF (23 +/- 15%). In group A, IL-2 production increased to 11.9 +/- 6.0 U/mL on the third day of hM-CSF administration compared with 5.9 +/- 3.4 U/mL before administration, but the increase in IL-2 production failed to reach statistical significance. In group B, there were no significant changes in NK cell activity or IL-2 production before or after administration of G-CSF. These results suggest that G-CSF is valuable in augmenting WBC counts lowered due to anticancer chemotherapy. The results also suggest that hM-CSF is a valuable cytokine in improving immune function, particularly NK cell activity that has been suppressed by anticancer chemotherapy.
Panax ginseng - A systematic review of adverse effects and drug interactions; Panax ginseng C.A.Meyer is a perennial herb native to Korea and China and has been used as an herbal remedy in eastern Asia for thousands of years. Modern therapeutic claims refer to vitality, immune function, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, improvement of cognitive and physical performance and sexual function. A recent systematic review of randomised controlled trials found that the efficacy of ginseng root extract could not be established beyond doubt for any of these indications. In order to obtain a balanced assessment of the therapeutic value of P. ginseng it is also necessary to consider the safety profile. In view of the extremely widespread use of P. ginseng it seems important to ask whether this herbal medicine involves health risks for the consumer. This review was conducted as a systematic attempt to document and evaluate all the available safety data on P. ginseng root extracts.
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009.
A thermochromic tissue-mimicking phantom model for verification of ablation plans in thermal ablation; Background: Our study aims to develop a novel tissue-mimicking thermochromic with tumor model for visualization of thermal ablation and verification of ablation plans
Effects of Probiotic Yogurt on Fat Distribution and Gene Expression of Proinflammatory Factors in Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cells in Overweight and Obese People with or without Weight-Loss Diet; Objectives: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether probiotics had an effect on proinflammatory markers and cytokines in overweight and obese individuals and whether they could have synergistic effects with weight-loss diets.
Effect of HMB/Arg/Gln on the Prevention of Radiation Dermatitis in Head and Neck Cancer Patients Treated with Concurrent Chemoradiotherapy; Objective: This prospective randomized Phase II study was designed to evaluate the preventive effect of an oral nutrition supplement composed of beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate, arginine and glutamine (beta-hydroxy-beta-methylbutyrate/arginine/glutamine) on radiation dermatitis in head and neck cancer patients.
GENETIC DIVERGENCE AMONG TUMOROUS-HEAD STRAINS OF DROSOPHILA MELANOGASTER; Tumor-ous-head strains are maintained in various laboratories in the USA: Arizona State University [tu-h (ASU)], California Institute of Technology [tu-h(CT)], Johns Hopkins University [tu-h(JH)], The Institute for Cancer Research [tu-h (Phil)] and Utah State University [tu-h (60) and tu-h (90)]. All are descended from the strain kept at the University at Utah before 1949. Two different types of 3rd chromosomes (3A and 3B) are segregating in all these strains except tu-h (Phil), which has lost the 3B chromosome containing the Payne inversion and the recessive gene for scarlet eyes, apparently by random chromosome segregation. The 3B chromosome is homozygous lethal. When both the 3A and 3B chromosomes are present in a strain, female heterokaryotypes (3A/3B) produce more offspring than female homokaryotypes (3A/3A). Furthermore, heterokaryotypes of both sexes are more viable than homokaryotypes. The reduced productivity of the female homokaryotypes is under poly-genic control. Genetic divergence has occurred among the various strains for this fitness character. In some of the strains [tu-h(CT) and tu-h (90)], the female homokaryotypes show low productivity, in another [tu-h (ASU)] the productivity is moderate, while in others [tu-h (60) and tu-h(JH)] it is relatively high[long dash]A 3B chromosome from the tu-h (ASU) strain was inserted into the tu-h (Phil) strain, creating a new strain symbolized tu-h (Phil-3B). Female heterokaryotypes from the tu-h(Phil-3B) strain are more productive than female homokaryotypes. Furthermore, the fitness of the tu-h (Phil-3B) strain is increased over that of the tu-h (Phil) strain, using as a criterion of fitness the mean number of offspring produced each day or the total number of offspring produced in half-pint milk bottles.[long dash]Genetic divergence has also occurred among the strains for a polygenic system affecting the frequency of aspermia. Three of the strains [tu-h (ASU), tu-h (60) and tu-h (90)] show a relatively high frequency of aspermia (17%). The frequency is low in the other strains (<2.5%).[long dash]These results serve as evidence for the genetic divergence that can occur among laboratory stocks of D. melanogaster for polygenic systems, even those affecting important fitness characters.
Topical tacrolimus for atopic dermatitis; Background
Topical Methyl Aminolevulinate Photodynamic Therapy Using Red Light-Emitting Diode Light for Multiple Actinic Keratoses: A Randomized Study; Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an effective treatment for actinic keratoses (AKs). Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) offer practical advantages when treating multiple lesions.
Hip fracture risk assessment: artificial neural network outperforms conditional logistic regression in an age- and sex-matched case control study; Background: Osteoporotic hip fractures with a significant morbidity and excess mortality among the elderly have imposed huge health and economic burdens on societies worldwide. In this age- and sex-matched case control study, we examined the risk factors of hip fractures and assessed the fracture risk by conditional logistic regression (CLR) and ensemble artificial neural network (ANN). The performances of these two classifiers were compared.
Role of Hindmilk in Weight Gain of Preterm Low- Birth-Weight Neonates: A Prospective Comparative Study; Background The significance of low birth weight cannot be overstated when considering the mortality rates during the perinatal and neonatal stages. Babies who were born premature, especially those with extremely low birth weights, have significant health challenges and require adequate feeding to grow and develop well. Specifically, hindmilk is rich in essential nutrients for neonate growth and development. This study aims to evaluate how hindmilk impacts the weight gain and anthropometry (specifically occipitofrontal circumference and length) of preterm low-birth-weight neonates. Methods A prospective comparative study was conducted on 148 preterm low-birth-weight neonates admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit of a tertiary care hospital in Vijayapura, part of Northern Karnataka. Informed consent was taken and scrutinized by the Institutional Review Board of BLDE University (approval number: BLDE(DU)/IEC/653/2022-23). The neonates were categorized as Group 1, which received hindmilk, or Group 2, which received composite milk based on the computer-generated block randomization list by the investigator. Weight gain and anthropometry were measured and analyzed using SPSS Statistics version 20 (IBM Corp., Released 2011; IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 20.0; Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.) at the end of the study. Results Group 1 neonates exhibited significantly higher mean values for weight at discharge (1664.22 +/- 328.9 grams vs. 1542.33 +/- 369.24 grams, p = 0.03), head circumference (31.72 +/- 2.52 centimeters (cm) vs. 30.76 +/- 4.01 cm, p = 0.04), and length (44.10 +/- 2.84 cm vs. 42.23 +/- 3.76 cm, p = 0.00) compared to Group 2. Conclusion To enhance the growth outcomes of low-birth-weight preterm neonates, selective hindmilk feeding is highly recommended. Hence, it should be adopted in neonatal care to optimize growth and development.
Pregnancy-associated glycoproteins (PAGs) and progesterone concentrations in Holstein heifers following two methods of estrus syncronization; Pregnancy-associated glycoproteins (PAGs) and progesterone concentrations were assessed in Holstein heifers 28 days post-insemination, following estrus synchronization with either a double prostaglandin (PG) injection or the ovsynch protocol. Animals between 15 and 20 months of age, with a 3-3.5 BCS, were randomly assigned to three groups: Heifers in the control group (n = 70) were monitored for estrus behaviour for 21 days and inseminated when detected in standing heat; Estrus of heifers in the Ovsynch group (n = 70)) was synchronized following the Ovsynch protocol, and timed artificial insemination was performed 16 h after the completion of treatment; Animals in the PG group (n = 70) received two prostaglandin-F2a injections 11 days apart, were monitored for estrus behaviour for 2-5 days following the last injection, and inseminated when in heat. Serum PAGs and progesterone concentrations were measured in pregnant heifers (control group n = 25; ovsynch group n = 22; PG group n = 21) on day 28 after artificial insemination (AI). Mean serum PAGs concentrations (OD: optical density) were similar between groups (control = 3.37 +/- 0.148, Ovsynch = 3.21 +/- 0.136, and PG = 3.34 +/- 0.143; p > 0.05). However, serum progesterone concentrations were found to be lower in the ovsynch group (4.70 +/- 0.17 ng/mL) when compared to the PG (5.34 +/- 0.13 ng/mL) or the control (5.37 +/- 0.08 ng/mL) groups (p < 0.001). There was no correlation between serum PAGs and progesterone levels at day 28 post-insemination, or between early pregnancy PAGs concentrations and fetal death rates. Further research, including multiple sampling time points throughout gestation, after estrus synchronization protocols is warranted, to determine if there are associated temporal changes in PAGs and progesterone profiles that could impact reproductive parameters in dairy heifers.
Feasibility of a tailored home-based exercise intervention during neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer patients; Purpose: To evaluate the feasibility of a home-based moderate-to-vigorous intensity, phased (introduction, intermediate, maintenance), exercise prescription in breast cancer patients receiving cardiotoxic neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
An assessment, and reproducibility of food frequency data provided by hospital controls; In order to assess the comparability and reproducibility of information from a questionnaire used in a case-control study on digestive tract cancers conducted in Italy, a total of 400 subjects were randomly selected from a large sample of hospital controls and contacted at home to repeat the interview. Of these, 294 (73%) subjects were re-interviewed. Mean values of intake were computed for the 400 subjects selected, and among the 294 responders for the first and second interview. These values were comparable, most of them being within a 10% range. Spearman correlation coefficient (r(s)) values of consumption between the first and second interview were > 0.65 for consumption of pastries, pasta or rice, bread, fish, milk, green vegetables, eggs and apples; between 0.50 and 0.65 for meat, chicken, liver, ham, cold cuts, cheese, fruit, cabbage, carrots, tomatoes, peppers, salad, citrus fruit and melon; and lower than 0.50 for a few infrequently eaten foods. For all foods, the estimated average weekly intake in the second interview increased consistently and substantially with increasing tertile of the first interview. This study shows a satisfactory comparability of dietary information from subjects interviewed at home with that provided during their original interview in the hospital, and a good reproducibility of information collected in the two settings.
Effects of Goji berries supplementation on the productive performance of rabbit; Recognized by the traditional medicine and recent scientific research studies, Lycium barbarum berries (Goji berries) have beneficial effects on human and animal health. The aim of our study was to evaluate the effects of Goji berries on the productive performance of rabbits. One month before insemination, 60 New Zealand White does were randomly assigned to one of the following 3 dietary treatments: commercial standard diet (C); C supplemented with 1% Goji berries (LG); and C supplemented with 3% Goji berries (HG). After weaning up to 91 days of age, 15 randomly selected rabbits/group were fed the same diet as the mothers (C, LG, and HG). Nonpregnant and lactating does of C group showed the highest feed intake (P < 0.01), although no significant differences in body weight (BW) were observed between groups. Nutritional treatment did not affect the off-springs feed intake. However, the rabbits fed with Goji supplementation showed not only higher mean BW both during growth (P < 0.001) and at slaughter (P < 0.01), but also better feed conversion ratio (FCR; P < 0.01) than the control group. Rabbits of LG group showed the best performances in the pre-weaning period which was probably related to the highest milk production of the LG does (P < 0.001). Indeed, LG group showed lower pre-weaning mortality (P < 0.05), higher litter size (P < 0.05), and higher litter weight (P < 0.05) at day 18 as well as higher litter size at weaning (P = 0.05) compared to C group. In conclusion, the present study demonstrates that a low percentage of dietary supplementation with Goji berry improves both reproductive and productive traits of rabbits. Although further studies are needed, our study paves the way for the use of Goji berries in the rabbit nutrition.
Assessing the effect of administering different probiotics in drinking water supplement on broiler performance, blood biochemistry and immune response; A study was conducted to evaluate three different probiotics, using drinking water supplemented with protexin, biovet and yoghurt. The day old broiler chicks were randomly divided into 12 separate floor pens each comprising 25 birds and three pens (replicates) per treatment group following completely randomised design. At 28 and 39 days of age body weight (BW) and feed to gain ratio (FCR) were determined. At the end of experiment, nine birds per treatment were sacrificed to evaluate carcass characteristics, abdominal fat contents and the internal organs. Blood haemato-biochemical parameters were determined. Haemagglutination inhibition antibody titres against Newcastle disease virus and lymphoid organs weight/body weight ratio were also determined. The BW of birds given probiotics was significantly greater than control (without probiotics) at both 28 and 39 days of age. Similarly, better FCR was observed in birds those given drinking water with probiotics. There was less mortality recorded with probiotics treatments. Differences in carcass characteristics, organs weight, meat composition and haematological values among all the treatments were non-significant. However, abdominal fat contents reduced significantly in probiotics supplemented groups as compared to control and cholesterol contents were reduced significantly supplemented groups as compared to control at both 21 and 39 days of age. Feeding of probiotics did positively affect the immune system within the parameters measured. It may be concluded that performance, blood chemistry, immunity against disease and economic efficiency in broilers could be maintained when supplementing any probiotic incorporated in broiler's drinking water.
Efficacy of topical steroids in preventing radiation dermatitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; To evaluate the relative efficacy of topical steroids in preventing radiation dermatitis (RD). Multiple databases including Medline, Cochrane Library, Embase, Web of Science, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biological Medicine (SinoMed), and Wanfang Database were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of RD prevention in patients with cancer from inception to November 26, 2021, followed by an update on June 1, 2021. Six RCTs evaluating the efficacy of topical steroids in preventing RD in a total of 661 patients with cancer were included. RD incidence was lower with topical steroids compared with placebo at week 3 (relative risk [RR] = 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.31-1.50) and at radiation therapy (RT) completion (RR = 0.97, 95% CI: 0.93-1.00). Topical steroids demonstrated a less risk of developing dermatitis of Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) grades 2 and 3 at the completion of RT (RR = 0.66, 95% CI: 0.55-0.80 and RR = 0.54, 95% CI: 0.38-0.77, respectively). However, topical steroids did not reduce RTOG grades 1 and 2 dermatitis at week 3(RR = 0.73, 95% CI: 0.45-1.14 and RR = 0.66, 95% CI: 0.27-1.60, respectively). Notably, the use of topical steroids did not decrease RD incidence when patients received combined chemotherapy (RR = 0.60, 95% CI: 0.42-0.86), and an obvious reduction in the incidence of RD at RT completion was found when patients used the topical steroids twice-daily (RR = 0.66, 95% CI: 0.47-0.93, P = 0.02). Topical steroids reduced RD incidence in patients receiving RT. Thus, twice-daily topical steroids may be recommended for patients at the beginning of RT.
Soy protein isolates of varying isoflavone content exert minor effects on serum reproductive hormones in healthy young men; Inverse associations between soy and prostate cancer and the contribution of hormones to prostate cancer prompted the current study to determine whether soy protein could alter serum hormones in men. Thirty-five men consumed milk protein isolate (MPI), low-isoflavone soy protein isolate (SPI) (low-iso SPI; 1.64 +/- 0.19 mg isoflavones/d), and high-iso SPI (61.7 +/- 7.35 mg isoflavones/d) for 57 d each in a randomized crossover design. Twenty-four-hour urine samples indicated that urinary isoflavones were significantly increased by the high-iso SPI relative to the low-iso SPI and MPI. Serum collected on d 1, 29, and 57 of each treatment revealed that dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and DHT/testosterone were significantly decreased by the low-iso SPI [9.4% (P = 0.036) and 9.0% (P = 0.004), respectively] and the high-iso SPI [15% (P = 0.047) and 14% (P = 0.013), respectively], compared with the MPI at d 57. Other significant effects included a decrease in testosterone by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI (P = 0.023) and high-iso SPI (P = 0.020) at d 29; an increase in dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 29 (P = 0.001) and relative to the MPI (P = 0.0003) and high-iso SPI (P = 0.005) at d 57; and increases in estradiol and estrone by the low-iso SPI relative to the MPI at d 57 (P = 0.010 and P = 0.005, respectively). In conclusion, soy protein, regardless of isoflavone content, decreased DHT and DHT/testosterone with minor effects on other hormones, providing evidence for some effects of soy protein on hormones. The relevance of the magnitude of these effects to future prostate cancer risk requires further investigation.
Should measures of patient experience in primary care be adjusted for case mix? Evidence from the English General Practice Patient Survey; Objectives: Uncertainties exist about when and how best to adjust performance measures for case mix. Our aims are to quantify the impact of case-mix adjustment on practice-level scores in a national survey of patient experience, to identify why and when it may be useful to adjust for case mix, and to discuss unresolved policy issues regarding the use of case-mix adjustment in performance measurement in health care.
Cognitive research enhances accuracy of food frequency questionnaire reports: Results of an experimental validation study; Objective To test whether changing a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of cognitive theory and testing results in greater accuracy. Accuracy was examined for 4 design issues: a) Grouping: asking about foods in a single vs multiple separate questions; b) different forms of a food: asking consumption frequency of each form of a food (eg, skim, 2%, whole milk) vs a nesting approach-asking frequency of the main food (eg, milk) and proportion of times each form was consumed; c) additions (eg, sugar to coffee): asking independent of the main food vs nested under the main foods; d) units: asking frequency and portion size vs frequency of units (eg, cups of coffee).
Evaluation of relative intake of fatty acids according to the Northern Sweden FFQ with fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes as biomarkers; Objective: To evaluate the validity of the Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ to estimate intake of fatty acids relative to 24h diet recalls (24-HDR) and fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes.
Effects of a typical acute oral calcium load on arterial properties and endothelial function in healthy subjects; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Often recommended, calcium supplements have been incriminated as increasing the risk of cardiovascular events, whereas dietary calcium has generally been exonerated. As a first step to address the vascular safety of Such dietary Measures at the clinical nutritionist toolbox, we sought to determine and compare the acute effects of a typical oral calcium load, provided either as a supplement or as food, on vascular parameters assessed noninvasively in healthy subjects.
Radiation-induced Skin Toxicity in Breast Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review of Randomized Trials; Radiation dermatitis is a common side effect of radiotherapy. Radiation dermatitis has been investigated for decades, and many approaches have been proposed to limit its incidence and severity. The purpose of the present systematic review was to summarize the approaches and findings of studies testing various methods for management of radiation dermatitis in breast cancer patients. Medline, Cochrane, and Embase were searched for studies pertaining to radiation-induced skin toxicity in breast cancer patients. The search results were limited to randomized trials of external beam radiotherapy conducted in humans and reported in the English language. The primary outcome was the incidence or severity of radiation dermatitis. Descriptive statistical analyses were performed. A total of 96 studies were included in the present review. These evaluated the effect of different radiotherapy techniques, topical treatments, supplements, skin care regimens, and treatments on radiation dermatitis. Few topical agents and oral supplements demonstrated their effectiveness across the randomized trials; however, various radiotherapy techniques, such as intensity-modulated radiotherapy, hypofractionated radiotherapy, accelerated partial breast irradiation, simultaneous integrated boost, and prone positioning consistently demonstrated decreased rates of radiation dermatitis, despite the limited number of studies in which they were evaluated. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Topical Topiramate Improves Wound Healing in an Animal Model of Hyperglycemia; Wound healing is severely affected in hyperglycemia and other metabolic conditions. Finding new therapeutic approaches that accelerate wound healing and improve the quality of the scar may reduce the morbidity commonly associated with skin lesions in diabetes. This study evaluated the effect of topical topiramate (TPM) on wound healing in C57 mice. Streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic mice were subjected to a wound on the back and randomly allocated for treatment with either vehicle or topical TPM cream (2%) once a day for 14 days. Polymerase chain reaction, Western blotting, and microscopy were performed for the analysis. TPM improved wound healing (complete resolution at Day 10, 98% +/- 5 for TPM vs. 81% +/- 28 for vehicle), increased organization and deposition of collagen Type I, and enhanced the quality of the scars as determined by microscopy. In addition, TPM modulated the expression of cytokines and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway: In early wound-healing stages, expression of interleukin-10, an anti-inflammatory marker, increased, whereas at the late phase, the pro-inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor-alpha and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 increased and there was increased expression of a vascular endothelial growth factor. Proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway were stimulated in the late wound-healing phase. Topical TPM improves the quality of wound healing in an animal model of hyperglycemia. The effect of TPM is accompanied by modulation of inflammatory and growth factors and proteins of the insulin-signaling pathway. Therefore, topical TPM presents as a potential therapeutic agent in skin wounds in patients with hyperglycemia.
Double-blinded, placebo-controllecl trial of green tea extracts in the clinical and histologic appearance of photoaging skin; BACKGROUND. Green tea extracts have gained popularity as ingredients in topical skin care preparations to treat aging skin. Green tea polyphenolic compounds have significant antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities, and studies suggest that these extracts help mediate ultraviolet radiation damage.
Intake of Calcium, Magnesium, and Phosphorus and Risk of Pancreatic Cancer in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial; Objective Few epidemiological studies have investigated the associations between calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus intake and pancreatic cancer. We examined these associations in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial. Methods Diet was assessed using the Dietary Questionnaire (DQX) at baseline in the intervention arm and the Dietary History Questionnaire (DHQ) in 1999 or around the third anniversary of randomization in both the intervention and control arms. During a median follow-up of 12.2 years, 279 cases of pancreatic cancer occurred from 58,477 participants who completed DQX; 380 cases arose from 101,622 participants who responded to DHQ over a median follow-up of 8.9 years. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results Total calcium intake was inversely associated with pancreatic cancer [HR (95% CI) for the fourth vs. the first quartiles in the DHQ cohort: 0.67 (0.47, 0.96); p-trend: 0.035]. An inverse association was also observed for total magnesium intake [HR (95% CI) for the fourth vs. the first quartiles in the DQX cohort: 0.61 (0.37, 1.00); p-trend: 0.023]. Reduced risk associated with total calcium intake was confined to subjects with a high fat intake (>73 g/day) in the DHQ cohort (p-interaction: 0.16). Conclusions There was not a significant association between dietary phosphorus intake and pancreatic cancer risk in both cohorts. Total intake of calcium and magnesium are associated with a lower pancreatic cancer risk. The effect of total calcium intake was modified by fat intake.
The effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti-inflammatory markers, disease severity, and symptoms in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background: In recent decades, several studies have shown changes in the intestinal microflora among patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Therapeutic measures using probiotics have shown favorable effects on the recovery of these patients. However, most studies have used probiotic supplements. In this study, we aimed to investigate the effect of probiotic cheese consumption on inflammatory and anti-inflammatory factors, disease severity, and symptoms in these patients.
The Effects of Selenium Source on Measures of Selenium Status of Mares and Selenium Status and Immune Function of Their Foals; The effect of organic and inorganic sources of selenium (Se) on measures of Se status of mares and their foals, Se concentrations of colostrum and milk, and indices of immune function of foals was studied. Twenty late-gestation Standardbred mares were randomly assigned to one of two groups. All mares received an identical balanced ration, except for the source of supplementary Se: one group received organic Se (Se yeast) and the other group received inorganic Se (sodium selenite), fed to deliver 0.3 mg/kg supplementary Se based on total ration dry matter. Mares received the experimental diet from 2 months before estimated due date until 1 month after foaling. Source of Se did not affect Se concentrations in maternal plasma, red blood cells, colostrum, or milk. At 1 month of age, foals from mares fed organic Se had higher red blood cell Se concentration than foals from mares fed inorganic Se (P < .05). Measures of immunity included serum immunoglobulin G concentration, lymphocyte proliferation in response to concanavalin A, and relative cytokine gene expression of stimulated lymphocytes (interferon gamma [IFN gamma], interleukin [IL]-2, IL-5, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF alpha]) and neutrophils (IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, IL-12, TNF alpha). Relative gene expression of IL-2, TNF alpha, and IFN gamma by foal lymphocytes was associated with the source of Se supplementation provided to the mares. We conclude that the source of dietary Se provided to mares may influence the immune function of foals at 1 month of age through changes in relative gene expression of certain lymphocyte cytokines. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Skin responses to topical dehydroepiandrosterone: implications in antiageing treatment?; Background Although low dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is suspected to have a role in skin ageing, little information is available on the mechanisms potentially involved.
Vulvar vestibulitis treated by modified vestibulectomy; Objective: A prospective study to evaluate the success of a modified vestibulectomy in treating vulvar vestibulitis. Methods: Fifty seven consecutive women with vulvar vestibulitis and suitable for surgery based on the criteria: superficial dyspareunia, erythematous vestibular region, positive Q-tip test, symptoms reduced with local anesthetic cream. A modified vestibulectomy with or without a modified Fentons procedure was performed. Response was based on return to normal coitus, 3 months after surgery. Results: Most women suffered from chronic conditions (median duration of symptoms = 18 months). The median age was 28 years (range 18-53). Any infections were treated prior to surgery. All but 4 (7%) had histological abnormalities, mainly non-specific inflammation. In 18% of women who had cervical cytology some abnormality was detected. Mean follow-up time was 12 months (range 2-42). Three women were not evaluable. Complete response to surgery was achieved in 33 (61.1%) of the women, partial response was achieved in 15 (27.8%). Six (11.1%) had persistent symptoms, four of whom has psychosexual problems. Conclusion: Presently, surgery remains the most successful intervention for vulvar vestibulitis. Modified surgery which is less destructive seems to afford acceptable results. The completion of randomized studies are needed to recognise the optimum surgical procedure. (C) 1999 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Hydrogen sulfide accelerates wound healing in diabetic rats; Aim: The aim of this study was to explore the role of hydrogen sulfide on wound healing in diabetic rats. Methods: Experimental diabetes in rats was induced by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ) (in 0.1 mol/L citrate buffer, Ph 4.5) at dose of 70 mg/kg. Diabetic and age-matched non-diabetic rats were randomly assigned to three groups: untreated diabetic controls (UDC), treated diabetic administrations (TDA), and non-diabetic controls (NDC). Wound Healing Model was prepared by making a round incision (2.0 cm in diameter) in full thickness. Rats from TDA receive 2% sodium bisulfide ointment on wound, and animals from UDC and NDC receive control cream. After treatment of 21 days with sodium bisulfide, blood samples were collected for determination of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), antioxidant effects. Granulation tissues from the wound were processed for histological examination and analysis of western blot. Results: The study indicated a significant increase in levels of VEGF and ICAM-1 and a decline in activity of coagulation in diabetic rats treated with sodium bisulfide. Sodium bisulfide treatment raised the activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) protein expression, and decreased tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) protein expression in diabetic rats. Conclusions: The findings in present study suggested that hydrogen sulfide accelerates the wound healing in rats with diabetes. The beneficial effect of H2S may be associated with formation of granulation, anti-inflammation, antioxidant, and the increased level of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF).
Use of adult cat serum to correct failure of passive transfer in kittens; Objective-To evaluate the use of adult cat serum as an immunoglobulin supplement in kittens with failure of passive transfer,
The Role of Nutrition in Pathogenesis of Uterine Fibroids; Uterine fibroids are benign tumors that arise from the smooth muscle tissue of the uterus and are the most common tumors in women. Due to their high prevalence, costs for the health care system and the substantial impact on women's quality of life, they are a significant public health concern. Previous literature on the impact of diet on the occurrence, growth and symptoms of fibroids is limited. Recently, many papers have been written on this topic. A scoping review of PubMed and Cochrane databases was performed using the following keywords: uterine fibroids, antioxidants, diet, diet, vegetarian, vegetables, fruits, meat and soy foods, dairy products, tea, vitamin D, vitamin C, ascorbic acid. Preliminary research has shown a beneficial effect of vegetable and fruit consumption on the occurrence of fibroids. A relationship between hypovitaminosis D and an increased risk of fibroids has also been demonstrated. Studies on epigallocatechin gallate showed its apoptosis-promoting and antifibrinolytic effect in fibroid cells. Initial results are promising, but further randomized trials are needed to draw firm conclusions about the effects of diet and nutrients on uterine fibroids.
EFFECT OF LICORICE (<i>Glycyrrhiza glabra</i>) EXTRACT ON GROWTH PERFORMANCE, CARCASS PARAMETERS AND HEMATOLOGY OF BROILERS; To study the influence of licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra) extracts on broiler performance, carcass quality parameters and blood profile in broiler. One hundred eighty, day-old broiler chicks were divided in eighteen experimental units (ten chicks each). Six treatments, namely positive control, Feed +Antibiotic (T-1), negative control (T-2) i.e., basal diet without antibiotic growth promoter, Feed +Licorice Extract 10ml/L (T-3), Feed +Licorice Extract 15ml/L (T-4), Feed +Licorice Extract 20ml/L (T-5) and Feed +Licorice Extract 25ml/L (T-6) were basal diet along-with water supplemented with licorice root extract @ 10, 15, 20 and 25 ml/L, respectively. Weekly body weight, feed consumption and mortality (if any) was recorded while feed conversion ratios were calculated for starter, finisher and overall duration. At the completion of trial, one bird/replicate was randomly selected and slaughtered for estimation of carcass parameters. Blood samples were also collected for hemoglobin, hematocrit and serum analysis at the end of study. Data were analyzed with SAS software using general linear model procedure and to compare means Tukey's test was used. A significant increasing trend for feed intake (3428.50), weight gain (2039.34), breast meat yield (279.16), and dressing percentage (58.16) was witnessed with increasing level of licorice root extract compared with controls. Decreasing trend for feed conversion ratio (1.68) and hematocrit (29.34) was observed with increasing licorice root extract. Hemoglobin (14.93) increased with increasing licorice extract but decreased significantly (11.90) at 25 ml/L extract level. It may be concluded that use of licorice root aqueous extract administered in drinking water showed favorable effect on growth and carcass yield in broilers.
EFFECT OF SOY LECITHIN ON SERUM LIPID PARAMETERS OF HYPERLIPIDEMIC POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN REFERRING TO SHAHID FAGHIHEE HOSPITAL OF SHIRAZ UNIVERSITY OF MEDICAL SCIENCES; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality throughout the world. Hyperlipidemia, as one of the main causes of CVD, has been diagnosed in nearly one third of Iranian middle aged women. Menopause manifests wide range of physiologic changes in women, most important of which is hyperlipidemia. Appropriate nutritional interventions can prevent or postpone some cardiovascular events in postmenopausal women. This randomized double blind clinical trial aimed to examine the effect of soy lecithin on serum lipid parameters of hyperlipidemic postmenopausal women.
Evaluation of risk factors of omphalitis in newborn beef calves with indoor housing; Background: Omphalitis is the third most common cause for diseases and infections in newborn calves. Its risk factors are well described in dairy production, but data in beef production is limited. Objective: To identify and quantify the risk factors of omphalitis in cow-calf operations with seasonal indoor calving period. Animals: Nine hundred sixty-four calves included from 22 cow-calf operations in central France were included. Methods: A prospective cohort study involved data collection during two visits for each calf. Simple and multivariable logistic regression analyses evaluated the association between omphalitis and the variables. Results: Among 964 included calves, 311 (32.3%) calves had an omphalitis. Accounting for farms' random effect, risk factors for omphalitis highlighted by the univariable analysis were: absence of navel disinfection (odds ratio (OR) = 2.3, [1.45-3.04]), wetness of bedding calving area (OR = 1.8-2.1, [0.78-2.83]-[0.63-3.57]), cleanliness of calves' pen (OR =1.6-2.8, [1.22-2.27]-[2.02-3.84]), wetness of calves' pen bedding (OR = 1.7-3.2, [1.12-2.06]-[3.08-3.84]), calf weight at birth >50 kg (OR = 2.0-5.0, [1.02-2.38]-[1.51-11.1]), umbilical cord length <3 cm (OR = 2.2-2.3, [1.53-3.11]-[1.24-4.38]), and sex (male vs female) (OR = 2.6, [2.08-3.69]). The multivariable analysis, accounting for farms' random effect, showed that the absence of navel disinfection (OR= 2.2, [1.44-3.09]), wetness of bedding calving area (OR = 1.9-2.4, [0.55-2.83]-[0.59-3.28]), calf weight at birth >50 kg (OR = 1.9-2.6, [1.03-2.56]-[1.43-12.5]) and sex (male vs female) (OR =2.4, [2.09-3.49]) were risk factors for omphalitis. Conclusions and clinical importance: These observations may help identify animals at early risk (>50 kg, male, short umbilical cord) and pay particular attention to the wetness of bedding and cleanliness of housing. This study highlights the importance of calving-pen bedding, calf characteristics and navel disinfection.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acids, dietary fatty acids and prostate cancer risk; Animal and experimental studies have demonstrated that long-chain n-3 fatty acids inhibit the development of prostate cancer, whereas n-6 fatty acids might promote it. We performed a case-cohort analysis within the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study using a random sample of 1,717 men and 464 prostate cancer cases to investigate associations between fatty acids assessed in plasma phospholipids (PPLs) or diet (estimated using a 121-item food frequency questionnaire) and prostate cancer risk. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using Cox regression. Prostate cancer risk was positively associated with %PPL saturated fatty acids (SFAs); HR [95% CI] = 1.51 [1.06, 2.16] (Q5 vs. Q1, fifth vs. first quintile); p-trend = 0.003. HRs (Q5 to Q2 vs. Q1) were significantly elevated for %PPL palmitic acid. %PPL oleic acid was inversely associated with risk, HR = 0.62 [0.43, 0.91] (Q5 vs. Q1); p-trend = 0.04. No statistically significant linear trends were observed for dietary intakes. The HRs were elevated for moderate intakes of linoleic acid (Q2 and Q3 vs. Q1, 1.58 [1.10, 2.28] and 1.70 [1.18, 2.46], respectively), but the increase was not significant for higher intakes (Q4 and Q5). No association varied significantly by tumour aggressiveness (all p-homogeneity > 0.1). Prostate cancer risk was positively associated with %PPL SFA, largely attributable to palmitic acid and inversely associated with %PPL monounsaturated fatty acids, largely attributable to oleic acid. Higher risks were also observed for dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fats, primarily linoleic acid.
Can Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors Be Safely Used in Pregnancy?; Objective. We review available safety data for use of currently approved tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors during pregnancy and lactation and suggest guidelines for use of these agents among women of reproductive age.
Efficacy of Controlled Atmosphere Treatments to Manage Arthropod Pests of Dry-Cured Hams; Research here explored the use of controlled atmospheres (CA) for managing arthropod pests that infest dry-cured hams. Experiments were conducted with low oxygen (O-2) achieved with low pressure under a vacuum, high carbon dioxide (CO2), and ozone (O-3). Results showed that both low O-2 and high CO2 levels required exposures up to 144 h to kill 100% of all stages of red-legged ham beetle, Necrobia rufipes (De Geer) (Coleoptera: Cleridae) and ham mite Tyrophagus putrescentiae (Schrank) (Sarcoptiformes: Acaridae) at 23 degrees C. In addition, both low O-2 and high CO2 had no significant mortality against the ham beetle and ham mites at short exposures ranging from 12 to 48 h. Ham beetles were more tolerant than ham mites to an atmosphere of 75.1% CO2 and low pressure of 25 mm Hg, which imposed an atmosphere estimated at 0.9% O-2. Both low O-2 and high CO2 trials indicated that the egg stages of both species were more tolerant than other stages tested, but N. rufipes eggs and pupae were more susceptible than larvae and adults to high concentration ozone treatments. The results indicate that O-3 has potential to control ham beetles and ham mites, particularly at approximate to 166 ppm in just a 24 h exposure period, but O-3 is known from other work to have poor penetration ability, thus it may be more difficult to apply effectively than low O-2 or high CO2. would be. CA treatment for arthropod pests of dry-cured hams show promise as components of integrated pest management programs after methyl bromide is no longer available for use.
PRESERVATION OF INTESTINAL INTEGRITY DURING RADIOTHERAPY USING LIVE LACTOBACILLUS-ACIDOPHILUS CULTURES; Twenty-four female patients suffering from gynaecological malignancies and scheduled for internal and external irradiation of the pelvic area (pelvic dose 5000 cGy) were selected for a study on prevention of intestinal side-effects by live Lactobacillus acidophilus cultures. The patients were randomised into two groups. Both groups received dietary counselling recommending a low-fat and low-residue diet during radiotherapy. The control group received dietary counselling only. The test group  received 150 ml of a fermented milk test product supplying them with at least 2 .times. 109 live Lactobacillus acidophilus bacteria daily and 6.5% lactulose as substrate for the bacteria. The results indicated that the test product appeared to prevent radiotherapy-associated diarrhoea. Howeve, flatulence was increased probably due to lactulose ingestion in the test group.
ERCC1 as a biomarker for bladder cancer patients likely to benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy; Background: The role of adjuvant chemotherapy and the value of molecular biomarkers in bladder cancer have not been determined. We aimed to assess the predictive and prognostic values of excision repair cross-complementation 1 (ERCC1) in identifying appropriate patients who may potentially benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy for bladder cancer.
Realistic intake of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product increases HDL-cholesterol without inducing anthropometric changes in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects; To assess whether antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and other cardio-protective effects attributed to cocoa are achieved when regularly consuming moderate amounts of a flavanol-rich soluble cocoa product, a non-randomized, controlled, crossover, free-living study was carried out in healthy (n = 24; 25.9 +/- 5.6 years) and moderately hypercholesterolemic (200-240 mg dL(-1); n = 20; 30.0 +/- 10.3 years) volunteers. Participants consumed two servings per day (7.5 g per serving) of a soluble cocoa product (providing 45.3 mg flavanols per day) in milk, which was compared with consuming only milk during a 4 week period. The effects on systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate were determined, as well as on serum lipid and lipoprotein profiles, interleukins (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), vascular (VCAM-1) and intercellular cell adhesion molecules (ICAM-1), serum malondialdehyde (MDA), carbonyl groups (CG), ferric reducing/antioxidant power (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), and free radical scavenging capacity (ABTS). During the study, the volunteers' diets and physical activity were also evaluated; as well as any changes in weight, skin folds, circumferences and related anthropometric parameters. Cocoa and certain polyphenol-rich fruits and vegetables and their derivatives were restricted. After consuming the cocoa product positive effects were observed such as an increase in serum HDL-C (p < 0.001) and dietary fiber intake (p = 0.050), whereas IL-10 decreased (p = 0.022). Other cardiovascular-related biomarkers and anthropometric parameters were unaffected. We have therefore concluded that regular consumption of this cocoa product in a Spanish-Mediterranean diet may protect against cardiovascular disease in healthy and hypercholesterolemic subjects without producing any weight gain or other anthropometric changes.
The Effects of Synbiotic Supplementation on Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, Biomarkers of Inflammation, and Oxidative Stress in People with Overweight, Diabetes, and Coronary Heart Disease: a Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial (Publication with Expression of Concern); Synbiotics are known to exert multiple beneficial effects, including anti-inflammatory and antioxidant actions. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), biomarkers of inflammation, and oxidative stress in people with overweight, diabetes, and coronary heart disease (CHD). This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was conducted and involved 60 people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD, aged 50-85years old. Participants were randomly allocated into two groups to take either synbiotic supplements containing three probiotic bacteria spices Lactobacillus acidophilus strain T16 (IBRC-M10785), Lactobacillus casei strain T2 (IBRC-M10783), and Bifidobacterium bifidum strain T1 (IBRC-M10771) (2x10(9)CFU/g each) plus 800mg inulin or placebo (n=30 each group) for 12weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after the 12-week intervention period to determine metabolic variables. After the 12-week intervention, compared with the placebo, synbiotic supplementation significantly reduced serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) (-3101.7 +/- 5109.1 vs. -6.2 +/- 3163.6ng/mL, P=0.02), plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) (-0.6 +/- 1.0 vs. -0.1 +/- 0.3mol/L, P=0.01), and significantly increased nitric oxide (NO) levels (+7.8 +/- 10.3 vs. -3.6 +/- 6.9mol/L, P<0.001). We did not observe any significant changes of synbiotic supplementation on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels. Overall, synbiotic supplementation for 12weeks among people with overweight, diabetes, and CHD had beneficial effects on serum hs-CRP, plasma NO, and MDA levels; however, it did not have any effect on other biomarkers of oxidative stress and CIMT levels.
Dietary oleic and palmitic acids modulate the ratio of triacylglycerols to cholesterol in postprandial triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins in men and cell viability and cycling in human monocytes; The postprandial metabolism of dietary fats produces triacylglycerol (TG)-rich lipoproteins (TRL) that could interact with circulating cells. We investigated whether the ratios of oleic:palmitic acid and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA):SFA in the diet affect the ratio of TG:cholesterol (CHOL) in postprandial TRL of healthy men. The ability of postprandial TRL at 3 h (early postprandial period) and 5 h (late postprandial period) to affect cell viability and cycle in the THP-1 human monocytic cell line was also determined. In a randomized, crossover experiment, 14 healthy volunteers (Caucasian men) ate meals enriched (50 g/m(2) body surface area) in refined olive oil, high-palmitic sunflower oil, butter, and a mixture of vegetable and fish oils, which had ratios of oleic:palmitic acid (MUFA:SFA) of 6.83 (5.43), 2.36 (2.42), 0.82 (0.48), and 13.81 (7.08), respectively. The ratio of TG:CHOL in postprandial TRL was inversely correlated (r = -0.89 to -0.99) with the ratio of oleic:palmitic acid and with the MUFA:SFA ratio in the dietary fats (P < 0.05). Postiorandial TRL at 3 h preferentially increased the proportion of necrotic cells, whereas postprandial TRL at 5 In increased the proportion of apoptotic cells (P < 0.05). Cell cycle analysis showed that postiorandial TRL blocked the human monocytes in S-phase. Our findings suggest that the level of TG and CHOL into postprandial TRL is associated with the ratios of oleic:palmitic acid and MUFA:SFA in dietary fats, which determines the ability of postprandial TRL to induce cytotoxicity and disturb the cell cycle in THP-1 cells.
Effectiveness of Microecological Preparations for Improving Renal Function and Metabolic Profiles in Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease; Background: Determining whether microecological preparations, including probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics, are beneficial for patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) has been debated. Moreover, determining which preparation has the best effect remains unclear. In this study, we performed a network meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) to address these questions. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched. Eligible RCTs with patients with CKD who received intervention measures involving probiotics, prebiotics, and/or synbiotics were included. The outcome indicators included changes in renal function, lipid profiles, inflammatory factors, and oxidative stress factors. Results: Twenty-eight RCTs with 1,373 patients were ultimately included. Probiotics showed greater effect in lowering serum creatinine [mean difference (MD) -0.21, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.34, -0.09] and triglycerides (MD -9.98, 95% CI -19.47, -0.49) than the placebo, with the largest surface area under the cumulative ranking curve, while prebiotics and synbiotics showed no advantages. Probiotics were also able to reduce malondialdehyde (MDA) (MD -0.54, 95% CI -0.96, -0.13) and increase glutathione (MD 72.86, 95% CI 25.44, 120.29). Prebiotics showed greater efficacy in decreasing high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (MD -2.06, 95% CI -3.79, -0.32) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (MD -2.65, 95% CI -3.91, -1.39). Synbiotics showed a partially synergistic function in reducing MDA (MD -0.66, 95% CI -1.23, -0.09) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (MD -2.01, 95% CI -3.87, -0.16) and increasing total antioxidant capacity (MD 145.20, 95% CI 9.32, 281.08). Conclusion: The results indicated that microbial supplements improved renal function and lipid profiles and favorably affected measures of oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with CKD. After thorough consideration, probiotics provide the most comprehensive and beneficial effects for patients with CKD and might be used as the best choice for microecological preparations.
A review and meta-analysis of red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer; The relationship between meat consumption and breast cancer has been the focus of several epidemiological investigations, yet there has been no clear scientific consensus as to whether red or processed meat intake increases the risk of breast cancer. We conducted a comprehensive meta-analysis incorporating data from several recently published prospective studies of red or processed meat intake and breast cancer. In the meta-analysis utilising data from the Pooling Project publication (includes data from eight cohorts) combined with data from nine studies published between 2004 and 2009 and one study published in 1996, the fixed-effect summary relative risk estimate (SRRE) for red meat intake (high v. low) and breast cancer was 1.02 (95% CI 0.98, 1.07; P value for heterogeneity = 0.001) and the random-effects SRRE was 1.07 (95% CI 0.98, 1.17). The SRRE for each 100 g increment of red meat was 1.04 (95% CI 1.00, 1.07), based on a fixed-effects model, and 1.12 (95% CI 1.03, 1.23) based on a random-effects model. No association was observed for each 100 g increment of red meat among premenopausal women (SRRE 1.01; 95% CI 0.92, 1.11) but a statistically significant SRRE of 1.22 (95% CI 1.04, 1.44) was observed among postmenopausal women using a random-effects model. However, the association for postmenopausal women was attenuated and non-significant when using a fixed-effects model (SRRE 1.03; 95% CI 0.98, 1.08). The fixed-and random-effect SRRE for high (v. low) processed meat intake and breast cancer were 1.00 (95% CI 0.98, 1.01; P value for heterogeneity = 0.005) and 1.08 (95% CI 1.01, 1.16), respectively. The fixed-and random-effect SRRE for each 30 g increment of processed meat were 1.03 (95% CI 1.00, 1.06) and 1.06 (95% CI 0.99, 1.14), respectively. Overall, weak positive summary associations were observed across all meta-analysis models, with the majority being non-statistically significant. Heterogeneity was evident in most analyses, summary associations were sensitive to the choice of analytical model (fixed v. random effects), and publication bias appeared to have produced slightly elevated summary associations. On the basis of this quantitative assessment, red meat and processed meat intake does not appear to be independently associated with increasing the risk of breast cancer, although further investigations of potential effect modifiers, such as analyses by hormone receptor status, may provide valuable insight to potential patterns of associations.
Association of pesticide safety knowledge with beliefs and intentions among farm pesticide applicators; Although a number of health hazards associated with pesticide exposure have been well documented, relatively little is known about the knowledge and health beliefs that may influence pesticide handling: This study measured knowledge levels concerning pesticide safety and precautionary handling among applicators and examined relationships between knowledge scores and intentions to use handling precautions, perceptions of pesticide safety peer norms, and perceived self-efficacy to prevent personal exposure. Telephone interviews were conducted with a randomly selected sample of 164 dairy farmers who were pesticide applicators residing in Wisconsin (response rate = 77.4%). The percentage of correct responses to 18 knowledge items ranged from 100% to 45.7%. Knowledge levels were positively related to intentions, beliefs, and self-efficacy regarding use of personal protective gear but were not significantly related to risk perceptions and peer norms concerning pesticide safety.
A dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is associated with breast cancer risk in a prospective cohort of postmenopausal women; Increased exposure to estrogen is a risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer, and dietary factors can influence estrogen metabolism. However, studies of diet and breast cancer have been inconclusive. We developed a dietary pattern associated with levels of unconjugated estradiol and the ratio of 2- and 16-hydroxylated estrogen metabolites in a subsample of Prostate, Lung, Colorectal and Ovarian Screening Trial (PLCO) participants (n=653) using reduced rank regression, and examined its association with postmenopausal breast cancer prospectively in the larger PLCO cohort (n=27,488). The estrogen-related dietary pattern (ERDP) was comprised of foods with positively-weighted intakes (non-whole/refined grains, tomatoes, cruciferous vegetables, cheese, fish/shellfish high in -3 fatty acids, franks/luncheon meats) and negatively-weighted intakes (nuts/seeds, other vegetables, fish/shellfish low in -3 fatty acids, yogurt, coffee). A 1-unit increase in the ERDP score was associated with an increase in total (HR: 1.09, 95% CI: 1.01-1.18), invasive (HR: 1.13; 95% CI: 1.04-1.24) and estrogen receptor (ER)-positive (HR: 1.13, 95% CI: 1.02-1.24) breast cancer risk after adjustment for confounders. Associations were observed for the fourth quartile of ERDP compared with the first quartile for overall breast cancer (HR: 1.14; 95% CI: 0.98-1.32), invasive cases (HR: 1.20, 95% CI: 1.02-1.42) and ER-positive cases (HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 0.99-1.41). The increased risk associated with increasing ERDP score was more apparent in strata of some effect modifiers (postmenopausal hormone therapy non-users and non-obese participants) where the relative estrogen exposure due to that factor was lowest, although the p values for interaction were not statistically significant. Results suggest a dietary pattern based on estrogen metabolism is positively associated with postmenopausal breast cancer risk, possibly through an estrogenic influence.
QUALITATIVE VERSUS QUANTITATIVE FEED RESTRICTION IN PEKIN BREEDER DUCKS DURING THE REARING PERIOD; Four male and 16 female 8-wk-old Pekin breeder ducks per pen were randomly allocated to 9 deep-litter pens to compare the effects of qualitative (0.35% lysine) and quantitative (60% of a group fed ad lib) feed restriction during the rearing period with a control group fed a conventional diet fed ad lib on subsequent reproductive performance. At the end of the rearing period a pelleted commercial duck breeding diet was fed ad lib to all groups until the end of the experiment at 60 wk.  Significant differences (P .ltoreq. 0.05) were observed between treatments with regard to 20 wk body mass, feed consumption from 8-20 wk, number of days to sexual maturity (50% production) and fertility of incubated eggs. No significant differences were found between treatments with regard to 60 wk body mass, feed consumption from 20-60 wk, egg numbers, average egg mass, percentage egg sizes, peak production, terminal production, hatchability of fertile eggs or laying house mortality.
Nutrikinetic modeling reveals order of genistein phase II metabolites appearance in human plasma; Scope: Genistein from foods or supplements is metabolized by the gut microbiota and the human body, thereby releasing many different metabolites into systemic circulation. The order of their appearance in plasma and the possible influence of food format are still unknown. This study compared the nutrikinetic profiles of genistein metabolites.
ONE-DAY CLOTRIMAZOLE (CANESTEN) TREATMENT IN CANDIDAL VULVOVAGINITIS; The results are reported of a comparative, completely randomized trial in which 2 groups of 29 female patients suffering from candidal vulvovaginitis were given a single clotrimazole 500 mg pessary or 1 econazole 150 mg pessary for 3 consecutive days. Overall success rates were 92.7% in the clotrimazole group and 32.5% in the econazole group 1 mo. after treatment. Microbiological findings were negative in 92.7% of patients in the clotrimazole group and in 12.5% of patients in the econazole group. No side effects were noted in either group. The tolerance of both drugs was good. The results obtained with clotrimazole compare favorably with the 93% cure rate reported by the 6-day and with the 89.4% overall success rate by the 3-day course of clotrimazole. One day courses of clotrimazole treatment are effective and well tolerated and are valuable in dealing with uncooperative women who stop treatment at the earliest possible moment. It is recommended that a repeat single-dose treatment be given to patients with a history of candidiasis, ideally 3 to 5 wk after the first dose; that in every patient an antimicotic cream should be applied to the vulvo-perineal area and that partners should also be treated; and that in such patients a thorough search should be made for probable precipitating factors.
Substitution of starch for palm oil during gestation: impact on offspring survival and hepatic gene expression in the pig; Piglet neonatal mortality rates are high (similar to 20%), so nutritional strategies to reduce this are highly desirable. Maternal fat substitution (FS) may promote the preweaning survival of piglets by improving their energy status. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of FS throughout pregnancy on offspring viability, together with the gene expression of stress-related markers in the liver. Sixteen pregnant sows were randomly allocated to one of two isocaloric diets, control (C) or FS in the form of palm oil, fed from 0 to 110 days gestation. Glucose tolerance was examined on Day 108. Median and low birthweight offspring were allocated to tissue sampling at either 7 days or 6 months postnatal age. In response to a glucose tolerance test, FS sows exhibited a raised glucose area under the curve with no change in basal glucose. Average piglet mortality (up to Day 28) was increased fourfold in the FS group, with surviving median-sized piglets exhibiting significantly lower fatty acid binding protein 1 (FABP1) expression at 7 days. There were no effects on the abundance of any other stress- or metabolic-related genes examined. Thus, this study demonstrates that maternal FS throughout gestation causes maternal glucose intolerance that may be linked to the observed increase in piglet mortality. However, the surviving offspring do not exhibit any detectable differences in postnatal growth or hepatic gene profile in later life.
Effects of early enteral micro-feeding on neonatal serum Vitamin D levels; Objective: To evaluate the effects of early enteral micro-feeding on neonatal serum vitamin D levels, and to analyze the application value of glutamine.
Photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate for prevention of new skin lesions in transplant recipients: A randomized study; Background. Organ transplant recipients on long-term immunosuppressive therapy are at increased risk of non-melanoma skin lesions. Repeated field photodynamic therapy using topical methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) may have potential as a preventive treatment.
Nutraceutical approach for the management of cardiovascular risk - a combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and red yeast rice extract: results from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; BackgroundProbiotics incorporated into dairy products have been shown to reduce total (TC) and LDL cholesterolemia (LDL-C) in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia. More specifically, probiotics with high biliary salt hydrolase activity, e.g. Bifidobacterium longum BB536, may decrease TC and LDL-C by lowering intestinal cholesterol reabsorption and, combined with other nutraceuticals, may be useful to manage hypercholesterolemia in subjects with low cardiovascular (CV) risk. This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of a nutraceutical combination containing Bifidobacterium longum BB536, red yeast rice (RYR) extract (10mg/day monacolin K), niacin, coenzyme Q10 (Lactoflorene Colesterolo (R)). The end-points were changes of lipid CV risk markers (LDL-C, TC, non-HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), apolipoprotein B (ApoB), HDL-C, apolipoprotein AI (ApoAI), lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9)), and of markers of cholesterol synthesis/absorption.MethodsA 12-week randomized, parallel, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Thirty-three subjects (18-70years) in primary CV prevention and low CV risk (SCORE: 0-1% in 24 and 2-4% in 9 subjects; LDL-C: 130-200mg/dL) were randomly allocated to either nutraceutical (N=16) or placebo (N=17).ResultsTwelve-week treatment with the nutraceutical combination, compared to placebo, significantly reduced TC (-16.7%), LDL-C (-25.7%), non-HDL-C (-24%) (all p<0.0001), apoB (-17%, p=0.003). TG, HDL-C, apoAI, Lp(a), PCSK9 were unchanged. Lathosterol:TC ratio was significantly reduced by the nutraceutical combination, while campesterol:TC ratio and sitosterol:TC ratio did not change, suggesting reduction of synthesis without increased absorption of cholesterol. No adverse effects and a 97% compliance were observed.ConclusionsA 12-week treatment with a nutraceutical combination containing the probiotic Bifidobacterium longum BB536 and RYR extract significantly improved the atherogenic lipid profile and was well tolerated by low CV risk subjects.Trial registrationNCT02689934.
Mouse mammary tumor virus-based vector transduces non-dividing cells, enters the nucleus via a TNPO3-independent pathway and integrates in a less biased fashion than other retroviruses; Background: Mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV) is a complex, milk-born betaretrovirus, which preferentially infects dendritic cells (DC) in the gastrointestinal tract and then spreads to T and B lymphocytes and finally to the mammary gland. It is not clear how the prototypic betaretrovirus infects mucosal DCs and naive lymphocytes as these cells are considered to be non-proliferative. Studies of MMTV biology have been hampered by the difficulty of obtaining sufficient virus/vector titers after transfection of a molecular clone in cultured cells. To surmount this barrier we developed a novel MMTV-based vector system with a split genome design containing potent posttranscriptional regulatory functions.
EFFECTS OF CONTINUOUS COMBINED HORMONE-REPLACEMENT THERAPY ON LIPID-LEVELS IN HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIC POSTMENOPAUSAL WOMEN; PURPOSE: To test the lipid-lowering effects of continuous combined hormone-replacement therapy in hypercholesterolemic postmenopausal women.
INVESTIGATION OF SHEEP-ASSOCIATED MALIGNANT CATARRHAL FEVER VIRUS-INFECTION IN RUMINANTS BY PCR AND COMPETITIVE-INHIBITION ENZYME-LINKED-IMMUNOSORBENT-ASSAY; Development of control measures for the gammaherpesviral disease of cattle known as sheep-associated malignant catarrhal fever (SA-MCF) has been hampered by a lack of accurate diagnostic tests either for the causative virus or for antibody against that virus. A recently developed competitive-inhibition enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (CI-ELISA) for the detection of antibody to malignant catarrhal fever (MCF) virus (MCFV) in ruminants based on a monoclonal antibody to a widely conserved epitope of MCFV (H. Li, D, T, Shen, D. P, Knowles, J, R Gorham, and T. B. Crawford, J. Clin, Microbiol, 32:1674-1679, 1994) and a PCR assay based on previously reported primers (S, I, F, Baxter, I, Pow, A Bridgen, and H, W. Reid, Arch. Virol. 132:145-159, 1993) were used to detect anti-MCFV antibody and SA-MCFV DNA in sheep and other ruminants, The PCR amplified a specific 238-bp SA-MCFV genomic DNA fragment from peripheral blood lymphocytes of adult sheep and other ruminants with clinical MCF, Of 144 samples from randomly selected healthy adult sheep, 143 (99%) were positive by PCR and 136 (94%) were positive by CI-ELISA, The agreement between the two assays exceeded 95%. Of nine samples collected from cattle and deer with clinical MCF of apparent sheep origin, seven were CI-ELISA positive and all 9 were PCR positive. Among 59 serum samples from presuckling lambs, none contained antibody detectable by CI-ELISA, After suckling maternal anti-MCFV antibody was detectable for about 10 +/- 3 weeks, Although all colostrum and milk samples from infected ewes were strongly PCR positive, the appearance of detectable SA-MCFV DNA in lambs was correlated generally with antibody patterns, which suggests that the natural infection event in sheep may not occur during the perinatal period hut occurs sometime later in life.
Nutritional support and dietary interventions for patients with ulcerative colitis: current insights; Ulcerative colitis (UC) demonstrates a remitting and relapsing course, and patients have long believed diet plays a role in their symptoms. Ad hoc removal of foods and food groups from the diet without strong evidence for therapeutic benefit places patients at risk for nutritional deficiencies. This review discusses the need for nutritional support in UC and the role of dietary modification in its management in humans. Current evidence suggests patients with UC are not nutritionally compromised during remission, but with increasing disease activity, nutritional status is worth monitoring, in particular through body composition assessment and investigation for anemia. There is no clear evidence for dietary modulation to relieve symptoms in UC. Neither enteral nutrition nor parenteral nutrition is efficacious for symptom control or mucosal healing. While early studies suggested avoidance of dairy foods, no recent work has replicated these results. A low intake of insoluble fiber is recommended during acute disease flares; however, the role of fiber in modulating the gut microbiota and their metabolites warrants further attention. Several studies have investigated polyunsaturated fatty acids for UC; however, current evidence is not supportive for either inactive or active disease. There is emerging evidence that curcumin supplementation may be a new dietary treatment option. Often, evidence for therapeutic diets is difficult to interpret due to the reporting of combined results for both Crohn's disease and UC. In general, there is no evidenced specific dietary advice for patients with UC other than to follow healthy eating guidelines. Further work should determine if diet as treatment efficacy lies in modification of dietary patterns, thereby investigating the synergistic relationship between foods and their components, rather than investigation of single foods/nutrients. Large randomized controlled trials investigating dietary modification for UC are needed.
Role of Probiotics in Human Gut Microbiome-Associated Diseases; Probiotics, including bacteria and yeast, are live microorganisms that have demonstrated beneficial effects on human health. Recently, probiotic bacteria are constantly being studied and their applications are also being considered in promising adjuvant treatments for various intestinal diseases. Clinical trials and in vivo experiments have extended our current understanding of the important roles that probiotics play in human gut microbiome-associated diseases. It has been documented through many clinical trials that probiotics could shape the intestinal microbiota leading to potential control of multiple bowel diseases and promotion of overall wellness. In this review, we focused on the relationship between probiotics and the human gut microbiota and its roles in gut microbiome-associated diseases. Here, we also discuss future directions and research areas that need further elucidation in order to better understand the roles of probiotics in the treatment of intestinal diseases.
Comparative Evaluation of Hatching Traits in Four Phenotypes of Naked Neck Chicken; Background: In Pakistan, the naked neck chickens are characterized on the base of plumage colors such as black, white black, light brown and dark brown. There is scanty of information on hatching traits in different phenotypes of naked neck chicken. The current study aimed to investigate and compare the hatching traits in four phenotypes of naked neck chicken (black, white black, light brown and dark brown). Methods: In total, 300 females (20 weeks old) comprising four plumage colors (black, white black, light brown and dark brown), 75 from each, were randomly assigned to 20 replicates (15/replicate) under a completely randomized design (CRD). Number of settable eggs, fertility, hatch of fertile, hatchability, embryonic mortality and chick quality parameters were evaluated. Result: The results showed higher settable eggs, fertility and hatchability in black, dark brown and light brown phenotypes than that of the white black whereas better hatch of fertile and reduced embryonic mortality were recorded in black and dark brown phenotypes as compared to white black. Better chick quality was observed in dark brown phenotype followed by light brown, black and then white black. Phenotypes other than white black had better hatching performance, hence could be used to revive backyard poultry farming.
Systematic review of modifiable risk factors shows little evidential support for most current practices in<i>Cryptosporidium</i>management in bovine calves; Cryptosporidiosis is common in young calves, causing diarrhoea, delayed growth, poor condition and excess mortality. No vaccine or cure exists, although symptomatic onset may be delayed with some chemoprophylactics. Other response and management strategies have focused on nutritional status, cleanliness and biosecurity. We undertook a systematic review of observational studies to identify risk or protective factors that could preventCryptosporidium parvuminfection in calves. Included studies used multivariate analysis within cohort, cross-sectional or case-control designs, of risk factors among young calves, assessingC. parvumspecifically. We tabulated data on characteristics and study quality and present narrative synthesis. Fourteen eligible studies were found; three of which were higher quality. The most consistent evidence suggested that risk ofC. parvuminfection increased when calves had more contact with other calves, were in larger herds or in organic production. Hard flooring reduced risk of infection and calves tended to have more cryptosporidiosis during warm and wet weather. While many other factors were not found to be associated withC. parvuminfection, analyses were usually badly underpowered, due to clustering of management factors. Trials are needed to assess effects of manipulating calf contact, herd size, organic methods, hard flooring and temperature. Other factors need to be assessed in larger observational studies with improved disaggregation of potential risk factors.
Changes in Quantity and Sources of Dietary Fiber from Adopting Healthy Low-Fat vs. Healthy Low-Carb Weight Loss Diets: Secondary Analysis of DIETFITS Weight Loss Diet Study; The daily intake of dietary fiber is well below the recommended levels in the US. The effect of adopting a low-fat vs. a low-carbohydrate weight loss diet on fiber intake is of interest but not well-documented, especially when both approaches promote high-quality food choices. The objective of this paper is to compare the quantity and sources of dietary fiber between a healthy low-fat (HLF) vs. healthy low-carbohydrate (HLC) diet group when consumed over 12 months in a weight loss diet study. In this secondary analysis of the Diet Intervention Examining The Factors Interacting with Treatment Success (DIETFITS) study, the amount and sources of dietary fiber were examined in generally healthy adults, 18-50 years of age, Body Mass Index (BMI) 28-40 kg/m(2), randomized to HLF or HLC for 12 months, who had available 24-h recalls at 0 (n = 609), 3 (n = 549), 6 (n = 491), and 12 (n = 449) months. The dietary intake was estimated by the Nutrition Data System for Research (NDS-R). The sources of fiber were determined for the major food groups. Significantly more total dietary fiber was consumed by HLF at every post-randomization time point, and, at 12 m, was 23.04 +/- 9.43 g vs. 18.61 +/- 8.12 g for HLF vs. HLC, respectively, p < 0.0001. In both diet groups at 12 months, the highest amount of dietary fiber came from non-starchy vegetables (4.13 +/- 3.05 g and 5.13 +/- 3.59 g). The other primary sources of fiber at 12 months for the HLF group were from whole grains (3.90 +/- 3.13 g) and fruits (3.40 +/- 2.87 g), and, for the HLC group, were from plant protein and fat sources, such as nuts and seeds, their butters, and avocados (2.64 +/- 2.64 g). In the DIETFITS study, the difference in the total fiber intake for the HLF vs. HLC groups was more modest than expected. The HLC group consumed reasonably high amounts of fiber from high-protein and high fat plant-based sources.
Postprandial cytokine concentrations and meal composition in obese and lean women; The aim of this study was to compare the acute effect of (i) meals rich in saturated fat, oleic acid, and a-linolenic acid and (ii) meals rich in starch and fiber on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in obese and lean women. In a crossover study, 15 abdominally obese women (age, 54 +/- 9 years; BMI, 37.3 +/- 5.5 kg/m(2)) and 14 lean women (age, 53 +/- 10 years; BMI, 22.9 +/- 1.9 kg/m(2)) consumed meals rich in cream (CR), olive oil (OL), canola oil (CAN), potato (POT), and All-Bran (BRAN) in random order. Blood samples were collected before and up to 6h after the meals and plasma interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-8, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), lipid peroxides (LPOs), free-fatty acids (FFAs), insulin, glucose, and cortisol were measured. Plasma IL-6 decreased significantly 1 h after the meals then increased significantly above baseline at 4 h and 6 h in obese women and at 6 h in lean women. The incremental area under the curve (iAUC) for IL-6 was significantly (P = 0.02) higher in obese compared with lean women and was significantly lower following the high fiber BRAN meal compared with a POT meal (P = 0.003). Waist circumference (R = 0.491, P = 0.007) and cortisol AUC (R = -0.415, P = 0.03) were significant determinants of the magnitude of 6h changes in plasma IL-6 after the meals. These findings suggest that the postprandial response of plasma IL-6 concentrations may be influenced by the type of carbohydrate in the meal, central adiposity, and circulating cortisol concentrations in women.
LEVELS OF METABOLIC HORMONES AND SOME BIOCHEMICAL STANDARDS IN THE 1ST 2 WEEKS OF AGE IN HEIFERS AND BULLOCKS; The effect of sex on levels of metabolic hormones and biochemical standards in blood serum was investigated in the first days of life in calves. Forty-five calves were randomly included in two trials (trial I - 8 heifers and 12 bullocks; trial II - 14 heifers and 8 bullocks). The first trial was conducted in October and the second in April. After delivery, the calves were moved to a prophylactorium area where they stayed for two weeks. The health of all calves was good.
Awareness of, knowledge of and attitudes to nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) and actinic keratosis (AK) among physicians; Background Nonmelanoma skin cancer (NMSC) is the most common type of cancer that affects the Caucasian population. Approximately 80% of NMSCs are basal cell carcinoma (BCC) and 20% are squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Actinic keratosis (AK) is a precancerous lesion that may develop into SCC.
Dietary fat reduction and breast cancer outcome: results from the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study (WINS); Given that existing epidemiologic data on the correlation between dietary fat and breast cancer have been mixed, the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study was launched in 1987. This randomized clinical trial of 2437 women between the ages of 48 and 79 y with early-stage breast cancer tested the hypothesis that dietary fat reduction would increase the relapse-free survival rate. The study determined that low-fat dietary interventions can influence body weight and decrease breast cancer recurrence. Results showing a differential effect of diet on hormone-receptor-positive and -negative disease suggest that metabolic mechanisms involving insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 may be involved in tumorigenesis. The results of the Women's Intervention Nutrition Study may therefore contribute to knowledge of the role of insulin resistance in cancer risk.
Pangenomic changes induced by DHEA in the skin of postmenopausal women; The objective of this study was to explore, for the first time, the changes in the pangenomic profile induced in human skin in women treated with dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) applied locally.
Effects of Ibuprofen and Clopidol Alone and in Combination on Experimentally Induced Coccidiosis in Broiler Chickens; The objective of current exploration was to validate therapeutic efficacy of Ibuprofen, a nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug and coccidiostat (Clopidol) alone and in combination against coccidiosis in broiler birds. Chicks were randomly allocated to five treatment groups of 25 broilers in each pen on 5th day of age. Birds in groups A, B, C and D were challenged by 60,000-70,000 sporulated oocysts of mixed species local isolates at 21st day of age. Groups A and B were medicated with Ibuprofen (100mg/kg body weight) orally and Ibuprofen (100mg/kg B.W) orally plus Clopidol (0.5g/kg) of feed respectively, post infection for five days. The group C was medicated with Clopidol (0.5g/kg) of feed. The group D served as infected unmedicated (negative) control and birds in group E were kept as noninfected and nonmedicated (positive) control. Therapeutic effects were measured in terms of mortality, growth performance, oocysts count, coccidial lesion scoring and weight of lymphoid organs. Coccidial lesion scores and oocysts count was lower in group A, B and C than in group D. No mortality was observed in group E, while highest in group D as compared to A, B and C. Highest growth performance, a significant reduction in oocysts count and reduction in lymphoid organ body weight ratio was observed in groups B as compared to groups A and C. This study suggested protective, therapeutic as well as a synergistic effect of Ibuprofen with clopidol in chicken coccidiosis.
Adherence to the Southern European Atlantic Diet and occurrence of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction; Background: The Southern European Atlantic Diet (SEAD) is the traditional diet in northern Portugal and Galicia, a region in northwest Spain.
Listeria monocytogenesis and abortion: A case study of pregnant women in Iran; Listeria monocytogenes is the causative agent of serious infection such as meningoencephalitis and septicemia with about 25% mortality rate. The frequency is as high as 50% in neonates. Although Listeriosis is known increasingly as a serious threat for health, there is little study in some countries, especially Asian countries. This study was conducted to determine the effect of L. monocytogenes on pregnant Iranian women. Isolation of this gram positive Bacillus as the cause of most abortions in pregnant women by bacteriologic method is not so convincing. However, antilisteria antibodies can be detected by indirect fluorescent antibody (IFA) method. The relationship between Listeriosis and abortion was investigated for a year in Jahrom City of Fars Province in Iran. The clinical history and patient charts were reviewed, and IFA was done on patients' sera. 204 women were selected randomly and divided into six age groups: 16 - 20, 21 - 25, 26 - 30, 31 - 35, 36 - 40 and 41 - 45. Sera from both patients and control group were used for investigating Listeria specific antibody by indirect immunofluorescent method. The result showed that Listeria has been a causative agent of 12.5% of abortions (meaningful statistically). The results of serologic study showed that 25 cases of test group and 7 cases of control group had an antibody titer of > 1/160 against this microorganism. In the test group of 25 patients who had antibody titer > 1/160, only 12 patients had 1/320 titer, while of 7 patients in the control group, 3 patients had 1/320 titer. Therefore, in the test group, 24.5% had a titer of > 1/160 and 11.8% had a titer of 1/320. In the control group, the rates of the above antibody titers were 6.9 and 2.9%, respectively. Abortion was found to significantly occur most in age group of 36 - 40 years and the least in 21 - 25 years old. No incidence of abortion caused by L. monocytogenes was seen in the age group of 16 - 20 years and 25 - 30 years. Other related factors as special drug consumption, infections other than listeriosis during pregnancy, using non pasteurized dairy products, contact with domestic animal and multiplicity of abortion during pregnancy have been evaluated.
Effects of three short-chain fatty acids on growth, intestinal microbiota composition, and ammonia tolerance of juvenile yellow catfish Pelteobagrus fulvidraco; The objective of this research was to examine how the growth, ammonia tolerance, and intestinal microbiota composition of juvenile yellow catfish are affected by dietary supplementation of isobutyric acid (IBA), isovaleric acid (IVA), and 2-methylbutyric acid (2-MBA). During the 8-week trial, four groups were fed the basal diet (Control), and the basal diet supplementation with 0.25% IBA, IVA and 2-MBA, respectively. The research shows that the yellow catfish in the IBA and 2-MBA groups had a higher weight gain rate and specific growth rate than the control group, but feed conversion ratio has the opposite trend. Dietary supplementation of IBA and 2-MBA can significantly improve digestive enzymes activities (alpha-amylase, lipase, and trypsin) in intestinal tract and blood health (serum albumin increased, alanine transaminase and aspartate transaminase decreased). The upregulation of IGF-1, Myod, and MyoG gene mRNA expression levels occurred significantly in the muscle tissue of the IBA, IVA, and 2-MBA groups, but IL 1 and IL8 genes in intestinal tract were significantly down-regulated. Supplementation of IBA, IVA and 2-MBA significantly increased the relative abundance of Candidatus Arthromitus, while decreased the relative abundance of Achromobacter, most notably in IBA group. After 96-h ammonia stress, cumulative mortality in IBA group was the lowest. Supplementing the diet of yellow catfish with IBA or 2MBA can enhance their growth, digestive enzyme activity, and blood health status. Additionally, IBA can improve ammonia tolerance, which may be related to the increase abundance of Candidatus Arthromitus in intestine.
Interventions for basal cell carcinoma: abridged Cochrane systematic review and GRADE assessments; Background Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common cancer affecting white-skinned individuals, and the worldwide incidence is increasing. Although rarely fatal, BCC is associated with significant morbidity and costs.
Over-expression of erbB-2/neu is paralleled by inhibition of mouse-mammary-epithelial-cell differentiation and developmental apoptosis; The erbB-2/neu oncogene is frequently over-expressed in many different tumors in humans, including those of breast and ovary. The oncogene encodes a receptor tyrosine kinase closely related to the epidermal-growth-factor receptor. We studied effects on differentiation and cell death of erbB-2/neu during mammary-gland development in transgenic mice expressing an activated, oncogenic rat erbB-2/neu gene controlled by the mammary-gland-specific promoter from mouse-mammary-tumor virus (MMTV-LTR), Transgenic animals develop mammary cancer after repeated pregnancies and lactation. We present evidence that over-expression of erbB-2/neu in these mice is restricted to tumor cells. Tumor cells fail to differentiate and express milk proteins such as beta-casein and whey acidic protein (WAP) during lactation. Epithelial-cell apoptosis during normal involution is characterized by non-random DNA degradation into oligonucleosomal fragments. Tumor cells were mostly refractory to this developmentally controlled programmed cell death. Distinct areas within tumors, however, showed spontaneous cell death as measured by in site TUNEL staining that co-localized with caspase-3-like activity. Our results indicate that the control of developmental cell death during involution is disturbed in erbB-2/neu-induced tumors although cell death and caspase activation can take place. Int J. Cancer 85:578-583, 2000. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Conjugated Linoleic Acids Reduce Body Fat in Healthy Postmenopausal Women; Isomers of conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) reduce fat mass FM) and increase insulin sensitivity in some, but not all, murine studies. In humans, this effect is still debatable. In this study, we compared the effect of 2 CLA supplements on total and regional FM assessed by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, changes in serum insulin and glucose concentrations, and adipose tissue (AT) gene expression in humans. In a double-blind, parallel, 16-wk intervention, we randomized 81 healthy postmenopausal women to 1) 5.5 g/d of 40/40% of cis9, trans11-CLA (c9, t11-CLA) and trans10, cis12-CLA (t10, c12-CLA) (CLA-mix); 2) cis9, trans11-CLA (c9, t11-CLA); or 3) control (olive oil). We assessed all variables before and after the intervention. The CLA-mix group had less total FM (4%) and lower-body FM (7%) than the control (P = 0.02 and < 0.001, respectively). Post hoc analyses showed that serum insulin concentrations were greater in the CLA-mix group (34%) than the control group (P = 0.02) in the highest waist circumference tertile only. AT mRNA expression of glucose transporter 4, leptin, and lipoprotein lipase was lower, whereas expression of tumor necrosis factor-alpha was higher in the CLA-mix group than in the control group (P < 0.04). In conclusion, a 50:50 mixture of c9, t11- and t10, c12-CLA isomers resulted in less total and lower-body FM in postmenopausal women and greater serum insulin concentrations in the highest waist circumference tertile. Future research is needed to confirm the insulin desensitizing effect of the CLA mixture and the effect on the mRNA expression of adipocyte-specific genes in humans. J. Nutr. 139: 1347-1352, 2009.
Identification of bovine respiratory disease through the nasal microbiome; Background Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is an ongoing health and economic challenge in the dairy and beef cattle industries. Multiple risk factors make an animal susceptible to BRD. The presence of Mannheimia haemolytica, Pasteurella multocida, Histophilus somni, and Mycoplasma bovis in lung tissues have been associated with BRD mortalities, but they are also commonly present in the upper respiratory tract of healthy animals. This study aims to compare the cattle nasal microbiome (diversity, composition and community interaction) and the abundance of BRD pathogens (by qPCR) in the nasal microbiome of Holstein steers that are apparently healthy (Healthy group, n = 75) or with BRD clinical signs (BRD group, n = 58). We then used random forest models based on nasal microbial community and qPCR results to classify healthy and BRD-affected animals and determined the agreement with the visual clinical signs. Additionally, co-occurring species pairs were identified in visually BRD or healthy animal groups. Results Cattle in the BRD group had lower alpha diversity than pen-mates in the healthy group. Amplicon sequence variants (ASVs) from Trueperella pyogenes, Bibersteinia and Mycoplasma spp. were increased in relative abundance in the BRD group, while ASVs from Mycoplasma bovirhinis and Clostridium sensu stricto were increased in the healthy group. Prevalence of H. somni (98%) and P. multocida (97%) was high regardless of BRD clinical signs whereas M. haemolytica (81 and 61%, respectively) and M. bovis (74 and 51%, respectively) were more prevalent in the BRD group than the healthy group. In the BRD group, the abundance of M. haemolytica and M. bovis was increased, while H. somni abundance was decreased. Visual observation of clinical signs agreed with classification by the nasal microbial community (misclassification rate of 32%) and qPCR results (misclassification rate 34%). Co-occurrence analysis demonstrated that the nasal microbiome of BRD-affected cattle presented fewer bacterial associations than healthy cattle. Conclusions This study offers insight into the prevalence and abundance of BRD pathogens and the differences in the nasal microbiome between healthy and BRD animals. This suggests that nasal bacterial communities provide a potential platform for future studies and potential pen-side diagnostic testing.
A randomized clinical trial evaluating a proprietary mixture of <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> strains for lowering cholesterol; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease, global leading cause of morbi-mortality, deserve a special attention of efficacious and safe treatments. Development of new principles based on the intestinal microbiome has been revealed as a promising approach.
Among-and-within-family selection in eight forage grass populations; Forage yields increased little during the twentieth century, despite intensive breeding efforts in many species. Half-sib family (HSF) and/ or among-and-within-family (AWF) selection methods may overcome this problem. The objective of this study was to compare HSF and AWF selection using forage yield of sward plots as the among-family selection criterion and natural selection of survivors within swards 1: as the within-family selection criterion. Selection for increased forage yield was practiced in eight populations of orchardgrass (Dactylis glomerata L.), smooth bromegrass (Bromus inermis Leyss.), and hybrid wheatgrass [Elytrigia x muctonata (Opiz ex Bercht.) Prokud.]. Two methods of recombination were used: random plants from remnant seed (HSF) or sod cores from selected families four years after establishment (AWF). There were no consistent differences between HSF and AWF selection for orchardgrass, a bunch grass. For the other two species, both highly rhizomatous, AWF selection was two to four times more effective than HSF selection for increasing forage yield. Natural selection within families of the two rhizomatous grasses favored genotypes capable of filling in open spaces left by plant and/or tiller mortality. The consistent differences in selection responses between orchardgrass and the two rhizomatous species suggested that natural selection acted on some characteristic of the rhizomatous trait of these two grasses.
Phase III Randomized Pair Comparison of a Barrier Film vs. Standard Skin Care in Preventing Radiation Dermatitis in Post-lumpectomy Patients with Breast Cancer Receiving Adjuvant Radiation Therapy; Introduction
Probiotics in Psychosocial Stress and Anxiety. A Systematic Review; Background & Aims: Recent mounting evidence suggest that probiotics supplementation can have a positive effect on mood and psychological symptoms such as stress and anxiety disorders. The majority of studies, however, rely on animal models, while clinical data are still inconsistent. In this systematic review, we examined if and to which extent probiotics can influence psychological stress and anxiety disorders.
Diet and nutritional status in elderly Zimbabweans; Background: nutritional studies in developing countries tend to focus on women of reproductive age and children. Little is known about the diet or nutritional status of elderly Africans.
Lack of Healthy Food in Small-Size to Mid-Size Retailers Participating in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota, 2014; Introduction
Associations between diet and incidence risk of lung cancer: A Mendelian randomization study; BackgroundObservational studies have revealed associations between diet and lung cancer. However, it is unclear whether the association is disturbed by confounding factors. We used a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) method to characterize the associations between diet and the lung cancer risk (including 3 subtypes: lung adenocarcinoma (LA), squamous cell lung carcinoma (SqCLC), and small cell lung cancer (SCLC)). Materials and methodsData on 20 diets were screened from the UK Biobank. Lung cancer data came from a large meta-analysis of 85,716 individuals. The inverse-variance weighted method was used as the main analysis. Sensitivity analysis was also used to explain the different multiplicity patterns of the final model. ResultsOur results showed significant evidence that 3 diets were associated with lung cancer [odds ratio (OR): 0.271, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.150-0.488, p = 1.46 x 10(-4), dried fruit; OR: 3.010, 95% CI: 1.608-5.632, p = 5.70 x 10(-4), beer] and SqCLC (OR: 0.135, 95% CI: 0.062-0.293, p = 2.33 x 10(-5), dried fruit; OR: 0.485, 95% CI: 0.328-0.717, p = 2.9 x 10(-4), cheese). There were also suggestive correlations between 5 dietary intakes and lung cancer (OR: 0.441, 95% CI: 0.250-0.778, p = 0.008, cereal; OR: 2.267, 95% CI: 1.126-4.564, p = 0.022, beef), LA (OR: 0.494, 95% CI: 0.285-0.858, p = 0.012, dried fruit; OR: 3.536, 95% CI: 1.546-8.085, p = 0.003, beer) and SCLC (OR: 0.006, 95% CI: 0.000-0.222, p = 0.039, non-oily fish; OR: 0.239, 95% CI: 0.086-0.664, p = 0.006, dried fruit). No other association between diet and lung cancer was observed. ConclusionOur study preliminary found that cheese, dried fruit, and beer intake were significantly associated with the risk of lung cancer or its subtypes, while cereal, beef, and non-oily fish intake were suggestively associated with the risk of lung cancer or its subtypes. Well-designed prospective studies are still needed to confirm our findings in the future.
Isolated Rearing at Lactation Increases Gut Microbial Diversity and Post-weaning Performance in Pigs; Environment and diet are two major factors affecting the human gut microbiome. In this study, we used a pig model to determine the impact of these two factors during lactation on the gut microbiome, immune system, and growth performance. We assigned 80 4-day-old pigs from 20 sows to two rearing strategies at lactation: conventional rearing on sow's milk (SR) or isolated rearing on milk replacer supplemented with solid feed starting on day 10 (IR). At weaning (day 21), SR and IR piglets were co-mingled (10 pens of 4 piglets/pen) and fed the same corn-soybean meal-dried distiller grain with solubles-and antibiotic-free diets for eight feeding phase regimes. Fecal samples were collected on day 21, 62, and 78 for next-generation sequencing of the V4 hypervariable region of the bacterial 16S rRNA gene. Results indicate that IR significantly increased swine microbial diversity and changed the microbiome structure at day 21. Such changes diminished after the two piglet groups were co-mingled and fed the same diet. Post-weaning growth performance also improved in IR piglets. Toward the end of the nursery period (NP), IR piglets had greater average daily gain (0.49 vs. 0.41 kg/d; P < 0.01) and average daily feed intake (0.61 vs. 0.59 kg/d; P < 0.01) but lower feed efficiency (0.64 vs. 0.68; P = 0.05). Consequently, IR piglets were heavier by 2.9 kg (P < 0.01) at the end of NP, and by 4.1 kg (P = 0.08) at market age compared to SR piglets. Interestingly, pigs from the two groups had similar lean tissue percentage. Random forest analysis showed that members of Leuconostoc and Lactococcus best differentiated the IR and SR piglets at weaning (day 21), were negatively correlated with levels of Foxp3 regulatory T cell populations on day 20, and positively correlated with post-weaning growth performance. Our results suggest that rearing strategies may be managed so as to accelerate early-life establishment of the swine gut microbiome to enhance growth performance in piglets.
Induced Stress and Tactile Stimulation Applied to Primiparous does and their Consequences on Maternal Behavior, Human-Animal Relationships, and Future Offsprings Sexual Disorders; The aim of this study was to investigate whether tactile stimulation in rabbits during the gestation phase improve the maternal behavior and human-animal relationships as well as the effects on reproductive behavior of male kits when reached maturity compared to induced stress. A total of 33 primiparous New Zealand does were selected after pregnancy confirmation and allocated in a randomized complete block design. The treatments applied were as follows: (C) animals not stimulated during the experimental period; (TS) animals that received tactile stimulation; and (SS) does which were immobilized. The nest building behavior as well as the weight, sexual behavior, mortality, and semen analysis of the offspring was recorded. In addition, the novel object, flight distance, social isolation, and human-approach tests were conducted. Under the conditions of the present trial, TS animals showed more trust in the unfamiliar observer when compared to the other two treatments. The treatments applied to the females (TS and SS) were sufficient to confirm that the control group presented better values for the number of stillbirths and the proportion of deaths in the first week. Finally, the handling of does reduce the males' ejaculation and sperm presence but not inhibited sexual behavior or impaired semen quality. It is possible to conclude that TS did not impair does welfare or maternal behavior and it improved the human-animal relationship, however there was a negative impact on the litter. More studies that directly assess impact on the future reproductive capacity of the offspring are necessary.
Effects of Dietary Yucca Schidigera Extract and Oral <i>Candida utilis</i> on Growth Performance and Intestinal Health of Weaned Piglets; Weaning piglets experienced the transformation from breast milk to solid feed and present the proliferation of pathogens, the presence of diarrhea, poor growth performance and even death. Plant extracts and probiotics have certain potential in improving animal growth performance, antioxidant capacity and immune function. The purpose of this study was to explore the effects of dietary yucca schidigera extract (YSE) and oral Candida utilis (CU) on growth performance and intestinal health weaned piglets. According to a 2 x 2 factorial design with the main factors being CU (orally administered 1 mL of 0.85% saline with or without CU; fed basal diet with or without 120 mg/kg YSE), forty 28 d healthy weaned piglets were randomly allocated into four groups of 10 barrows each: (1) piglets fed basal diet and orally administered 1 mL of 0.85% saline (CON); (2) piglets fed basal diet and orally administered 1 mL 1 x 10(9) cfu/mL C. utilis in 0.85% saline (CU); (3) piglets fed the basal diet containing YSE (120 mg/kg) and orally administered 1 mL of 0.85% saline (YSE); (4) Piglets fed the basal diet containing 120 mg/kg YSE and 1 mL 1 x 10(9) cfu/mL C. utilis in 0.85% saline (YSE+CU). This study lasted 28 days and evaluated the effects of dietary YSE and oral CU on growth performance, immunity, antioxidant function, ileal morphology, and intestinal microflora in weaned piglets. Dietary YSE increased ADG, the spleen and lymph node indexes, serum GLU, BUN, T-SOD, T-AOC, CAT concentrations, ileal villus height and villus height/crypt depth, jejunal occludin, and beta-definsin-2 concentrations and ileal occludin concentration in weaned piglets (P < 0.05); decreased the diarrhea rate and mortality, rectal pH and urine pH, the BUN and MDA concentrations, crypt depth (P < 0.05); improved the diversity of cecal microflora. Orally CU increased ADG, and ADFI, the T-SOD, T-AOC, and CAT activity, ileal villus height, villus height/crypt depth, jejunum occludin, and beta-definsin-2 concentrations (P < 0.05); reduced the diarrhea rate and mortality, urine pH, the BUN and MDA concentrations, crypt depth (P < 0.05); improved the diversity of cecal microflora. Dietary YSE and orally CU increased the T-SOD, T-AOC, and CAT activity, villus height/crypt depth, jejunal occludin concentration; reduced the diarrhea rate of weaned piglets by 28%, gastric pH, ileal pH, cecal pH and urine pH, MDA, crypt depth; improved the diversity of cecal microflora. YSE and CU could improve the growth performance, reduce the diarrhea rate, improve intestinal health, and increase the diversity and abundance of cecal microflora in weaned piglets and expected to be used as antibiotics alternative feed additives in the production of weaned piglets.
Geographic and socioeconomic diversity of food and nutrient intakes: a comparison of four European countries; PurposePublic health policies and actions increasingly acknowledge the climate burden of food consumption. The aim of this study is to describe dietary intakes across four European countries, as baseline for further research towards healthier and environmentally-friendlier diets for Europe.MethodsIndividual-level dietary intake data in adults were obtained from nationally-representative surveys from Denmark and France using a 7-day diet record, Italy using a 3-day diet record, and Czech Republic using two replicates of a 24-h recall. Energy-standardised food and nutrient intakes were calculated for each subject from the mean of two randomly selected days.ResultsThere was clear geographical variability, with a between-country range for mean fruit intake from 118 to 199g/day, for vegetables from 95 to 239g/day, for fish from 12 to 45g/day, for dairy from 129 to 302g/day, for sweet beverages from 48 to 224ml/day, and for alcohol from 8 to 15g/day, with higher intakes in Italy for fruit, vegetables and fish, and in Denmark for dairy, sweet beverages and alcohol. In all countries, intakes were low for legumes (<20g/day), and nuts and seeds (<5g/day), but high for red and processed meat (>80g/day). Within countries, food intakes also varied by socio-economic factors such as age, gender, and educational level, but less pronounced by anthropometric factors such as overweight status. For nutrients, intakes were low for dietary fibre (15.8-19.4g/day) and vitamin D (2.4-3.0 mu g/day) in all countries, for potassium (2288-2938mg/day) and magnesium (268-285mg/day) except in Denmark, for vitamin E in Denmark (6.7mg/day), and for folate in Czech Republic (212 mu g/day).ConclusionsThere is considerable variation in food and nutrient intakes across Europe, not only between, but also within countries. Individual-level dietary data provide insight into the heterogeneity of dietary habits beyond per capita food supply data, and this is crucial to balancing healthy and environmentally-friendly diets for European citizens.
Development of ELISAs for quantification of HMFG1-specific human anti-mouse IgG and IgM antibodies; The aim of this study was to develop and validate ELISAs for quantification of HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG in serum of patients with ovarian cancer who enrolled in a large international randomized phase I I I trial of intraperitoneal Yttrium-90-labeled HMFG1 murine monoclonal antibody therapy. The capture antibody of these 2 assays was the murine antibody HMFG1, while mouse anti-human IgM-HRP or mouse anti-human IgG(Fc)-HRP served as tracer antibodies. A pool of HAMA-positive serum samples was used to prepare a series of assay standards and another pool served as reference preparation. The analytical sensitivity of the HAMA-IgM assay was 2.5 arbitrary units per mL (AU/mL) and 4.7 AU/mL for the HAMA-IgG ELISA. Diluted serum samples showed good parallelism with the HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG standard dose-response curves. Within-assay coefficient of variation was 7.5% for HAMA-IgM and 6.5% for HAMA-IgG. Between-assay variation was 14.2% for HAMA-IgM and 15.3% for HAMA-IgG. The developed HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG ELISAs show satisfactory reliability criteria (sensitivity, parallelism and precision) and are suitable for monitoring of HAMA-IgM and HAMA-IgG responses in ovarian cancer patients. These ELISAs will be used to monitor the development of HAMAs in patients who received radioirnmunotherapy with murine HMFG1.
Bovine lactoferrin binds oleic acid to form an anti-tumor complex similar to HAMLET; alpha-Lactalbumin (alpha-LA) can bind oleic acid (OA) to form HAMLET-like complexes, which exhibited highly selective anti-tumor activity in vitro and in vivo. Considering the structural similarity to alpha-LA, we conjectured that lactoferrin (LF) could also bind OA to obtain a complex with anti-tumor activity. In this study, LF-OA was prepared and its activity and structural changes were compared with alpha-LA-OA. The anti-tumor activity was evaluated by methylene blue assay, while the apoptosis mechanism was analyzed using flow cytometry and Western blot. Structural changes of LF-OA were measured by fluorescence spectroscopy and circular dichroism. The interactions of OA with LF and alpha-IA were evaluated by isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC). LF-OA was obtained by heat-treatment at pH 8.0 with LD50 of 4.88, 4.95 and 4.62 mu M for HepG2, HT29, and MCF-7 cells, respectively, all of which were 10 times higher than those of alpha-LA-OA. Similar to HAMLET, LF-OA induced apoptosis in tumor cells through both death receptor- and mitochondrial-mediated pathways. Exposure of tryptophan residues and the hydrophobic regions as well as the loss of tertiary structure were observed in LF-OA. Besides these similarities, LF showed different secondary structure changes when compared with alpha-IA, with a decrease of alpha-helix and beta-turn and an increase of beta-sheet and random coil. ITC results showed that there was a higher binding number of OA to LF than to alpha-LA, while both of the proteins interacted with OA through van der Waals forces and hydrogen bonds. This study provides a theoretical basis for further exploration of protein-OA complexes. (C) 2013 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
Transrectal guidance of the ovaries reduces operative time during bovine laparoscopic ovariectomy; The main objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of transrectal guidance of the ovaries by an assistant on operative time during bovine laparoscopic ovariectomy. Twenty four clinically healthy Holstein dairy cows were divided randomly into two groups. In the transrectal guidance group, an assistant grasped the ovaries via the transrectal route and pulled them to a position where they could be visualized with a camera. On the other hand, the control group was operated without guidance. The time required to remove both ovaries in the guidance group was shorter than that in the control group (P<0.01). We concluded that laparoscopic ovariectomy with transrectal guidance of the ovaries can substantially shorten operative time, thereby greatly contributing to animal welfare and to reducing the burden on the operator.
A randomized multicenter study to compare two treatment regimens of topical methyl aminolevulinate (Metvix®)-PDT in actinic keratosis of the face and scalp; Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical methyl aminolevulinate ( MAL) administered in two treatment sessions separated by 1 week is an effective treatment for actinic keratoses. This open prospective study compared the efficacy and safety of MAL-PDT given as a single treatment with two treatments of MAL-PDT 1 week apart. Two hundred and eleven patients with 413 thin to moderately thick actinic keratoses were randomized to either a single treatment with PDT using topical MAL ( regimen I; n=105) or two treatments 1 week apart ( regimen II; n=106). Each treatment involved surface debridement, application of Metvix(R) cream (160 mg/g) for 3 h, followed by illumination with red light using a light-emitting diode system ( peak wavelength 634 +/- 3 nm, light dose 37 J/cm(2)). Thirty-seven lesions (19%) with a non-complete response 3 months after a single treatment were re-treated. All patients were followed up 3 months after the last treatment. A total of 400 lesions, 198 initially treated once and 202 treated twice, were evaluable. Complete response rate for thin lesions after a single treatment was 93% (95% CI = 87 - 97%), which was similar to 89% ( 82 - 96%) after repeated treatment. Response rates were lower after single treatment of thicker lesions (70% ( 60 - 78%) vs 84% ( 77 - 91%)), but improved after repeated treatment (88% ( 82 - 94%)). The conclusion of this study is that single treatment with topical MAL-PDT is effective for thin actinic keratosis lesions; however, repeated treatment is recommended for thicker or non-responding lesions.
Maternal and dietary behavior-related factors associated with preterm birth in Southeastern Terai, Nepal: A cross sectional study; BackgroundPreterm birth (PTB) is a global issue although its burden is higher in low- and middle-income countries. This study examined the risk factors of PTB in Southeastern Terai, Nepal. MethodsIn this community-based cross-sectional study, a total of 305 mothers having children under the age of 6 months were selected using systematic random sampling. Data were collected by structured interviewer-administered questionnaires and maternal antenatal cards from study participants for some clinical information. Predictors of PTB were identified using multi-level logistic regression analysis at a P-value < 0.05. ResultsOf the total 305 mother-live-born baby pairs, 13.77% (42/305) had preterm childbirth. Maternal socio-demographic factors such as mothers from Dalit caste/ethnicity [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 12.16, 95% CI = 2.2-64.61] and Aadibasi/Janajati caste/ethnicity (AOR = 3.83, 95% CI = 1.01-14.65), family income in the first tercile (AOR = 6.82, 95% CI = 1.65-28.08), than their counterparts, were significantly positively associated with PTB. Likewise, other maternal and dietary factors, such as birth order first-second (AOR = 9.56, 95% CI = 1.74-52.53), and birth spacing <= 2 years (AOR = 5.16, 95% CI = 1.62-16.42), mothers who did not consume additional meal (AOR = 9.53, 95% CI = 2.13-42.55), milk and milk products (AOR = 6.44, 95% CI = 1.56-26.51) during pregnancy, having <4 antenatal (ANC) visits (AOR = 4.29, 95% CI = 1.25-14.67), did not have intake of recommended amount of iron and folic acid tablets (IFA) (<180 tablets) (AOR = 3.46, 95% CI = 1.03-11.58), and not having adequate rest and sleep (AOR = 4.83, 95% CI = 1.01-23.30) during pregnancy had higher odds of having PTB than their counterparts. ConclusionSome socio-demographic, maternal, and dietary behavior-related factors were independently associated with PTB. These factors should be considered while designing targeted health interventions in Nepal. In addition, we recommend specific measures such as promoting pregnant women to use available antenatal care and counseling services offered to them, as well as having an adequate diet to a level that meets their daily requirements.
Effects of dietary supplementation of glucose oxidase, catalase, or both on reproductive performance, oxidative stress, fecal microflora and apoptosis in multiparous sows; Objective: The objective of this experiment was to investigate the effect of dietary glucose oxidase (GOD), catalase (CAT), or both supplementation on reproductive performance, oxidative stress, and apoptosis in sows. Methods: A total of 104 multiparous sows were randomly assigned to four groups (n = 26) with each group given a basal diet, basal diet plus GOD at 60 U/kg, basal diet plus CAT at 75 U/kg, and basal diet plus GOD at 60 U/kg and CAT at 75 U/kg. Sows were fed the experi-mental diets throughout gestation and lactation. Results: Dietary GOD supplementation increased average daily feed intake of sows and litter weight at weaning (p<0.05). Dietary CAT supplementation reduced the duration of parturition, stillbirth, and piglet mortality and increased growth performance of weaned piglets (p<0.05). Dietary GOD and CAT supplementation enhanced antioxidant enzyme activities and lessened oxidative stress product levels in plasma of sows and elevated anti-oxidant capacity of 14-day milk and plasma in weaned piglets (p<0.05). Dietary GOD supplementation increased fecal Lactobacillus counts and reduced Escherichia coli counts of sows (p<0.05). Compared with the basal diet, the GOD diet reduced fecal Escherichia coli counts of sows, but the addition of CAT did not reduce Escherichia coli counts in the GOD diet. Dietary GOD and CAT supplementation reduced the apoptosis rate of the liver, endometrium, and ovarian granulosa cells in sows (p<0.05). In the liver, uterus, and ovary of sows, the mRNA expression of caspase-3 and caspase-9 was downregulated by dietary GOD and CAT supplementation (p<0.05). Conclusion: Dietary GOD and CAT supplementation could improve the antioxidant capacity of sows and weaned piglets, and alleviate hepatic, ovarian and uterine apoptosis by weakening apoptosis-related gene expression. Glucose oxidase regulated fecal microflora of sows, but supplementation of CAT to GOD could weaken the inhibitory effect of GOD on fecal Escherichia coli.
Prevention of palmoplantar erythrodysesthesia in patients treated with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (CaelyxA®); Purpose Palmoplantar erythrodysesthesia (PPE) is one of the most frequent side effects during systemic treatment with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (PLD, Caelyx (R)). PPE lesions show a range of symptoms, from numbness to painful erosions, and can have a major impact on the quality of life in affected patients. Previously, a possible pathomechanism of PPE was found in doxorubicin-treated patients based on radical formation in the skin. Here, a preventive strategy using a topically applied ointment with a high radical protection factor was investigated.
Effects of dietary tryptophan:lysine ratio on the reproductive performance of primiparous and multiparous lactating sows; The objective of this study was to determine the effects of dietary tryptophan (Trp) to lysine (Lys) ratio on the performance of lactating sows. Thirty primiparous and 195 multiparous lactating sows (Landrace x Yorkshire) were allocated on the basis of parity, body weight, and backfat to 5 dietary treatments according to a randomized complete block design with 5 blocks of farrowing date. The 5 experimental diets contained 0.16%, 0.19%, 0.23%, 0.26%, or 0.29% standardized ileal digestible (SID) Trp and SID Lys level was identical (0.87%) for all diets, with the Trp:Lys ratio being 0.18, 0.22, 0.26, 0.30, and 0.33, respectively. Sows received their assigned lactation diets from day 109 of gestation to weaning. Litter size was standardized to 10-12 piglets within 2 days after farrowing. The average lactation length was 19 days and no creep feed was provided. Changes of sow body weight and back fat during lactation, weaning-to-estrus interval, litter size and weight, litter weight gain, preweaning piglet mortality, and performance of subsequent parity (total born alive, still-borns, and mummies) were recorded. A quadratic pattern of body weight loss (P=0.046), backfat loss (P=0.067), and average daily feed intake (P=0.096) with increasing Trp level was observed for the primiparous sows during lactation, and the losses were minimized with the SID Trp:Lys ratio of 0.25 (0.22% SID Trp) and average feed intake was maximized with the SID Trp:Lys ratio of 0.22 (0.19% SID Trp) according to a segmented regression analysis model. Nevertheless, preweaning piglet mortality of the primiparous sows increased linearly and quadratically (P<0.001) as Trp level increased. On the contrary, piglet mortality of the multiparous sows decreased linearly (P=0.031) with increasing dietary Trp and the mortality was noticeably reduced when the SID Trp:Lys ratio reached 0.26 (0.23% SID Trp). Furthermore, stillborn piglet numbers of multiparous sows in the subsequent parity decreased linearly (P=0.035) with increasing level of Trp. Other parameters were not significantly (P>0.05) influenced by the dietary treatment. In conclusion, our results indicate that the optimal Trp:Lys ratio for lactating sows is between 0.22 and 0.26. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Calcium intake and colorectal adenoma in a US colorectal cancer early detection program<SUP>1-3</SUP>; Background: Calcium can reduce the risk of colorectal tumors by binding secondary bile and fatty acids, which leads to antiproliferative effects in the bowel, or by acting directly on the colonic epithelium, which affects differentiation and apoptosis.
A quantitative analysis of prenatal intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and cognitive development; Although a rich source of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) that may confer multiple health benefits, some fish also contain methyl mercury (MeHg), which may harm the developing fetus. U.S. government recommendations for women of childbearing age are to modify consumption of high-MeHg fish to reduce MeHg exposure, while recommendations encourage fish consumption among the general population because of the nutritional benefits. The Harvard. Center for Risk Analysis convened an expert panel (see acknowledgments) to quantify the net impact of resulting hypothetical changes in fish consumption across the population. This paper estimates the impact of prenatal n-3 intake on cognitive development. Other papers quantify the negative impact of prenatal exposure to MeHg on cognitive development, and the extent to which fish consumption protects against coronary heart disease mortality and stroke in adults.
Surgical techniques in the treatment of basal cell carcinoma-a prospective investigation; Background Basal cell carcinomas are the most frequent epithelial skin tumors and a frequent indication for dermatological interventions. Despite the establishment of drug treatment options, surgery is still the treatment of choice. Various options are available ranging from curettage to complex dermatosurgical procedures. In addition to the main aspect of low local recurrence rates, esthetic factors and the number of procedures are also important for the choice of treatment. Methods In this study 347 patients with 398 basal cell carcinomas (nodular type, diameter up to 10 mm) were prospectively examined. The patients were randomized into two treatment arms: in one group the tumor was treated by ring curettage and in the other group the tumor was excised. Patients who underwent 3D histologically controlled surgery due to basal cell carcinoma during the same investigation period served as controls. Results The highest local recurrence rate was observed after curettage (14.0%), whereas the group with 3D histology had the lowest recurrence rate (0.9%,p< 0.001). In the 3D group, more re-excisions were required to achieve complete tumor clearance compared to the group who underwent excisions with serial section histology. Patients rated the esthetic outcome best after curettage. The median follow-up was 3.9 years. Conclusion The choice of surgical treatment for small nodular basal cell carcinomas depends on individual circumstances. Excisions controlled by 3D histology with wound closure after complete tumor clearance showed the lowest recurrence rate in our study; however, curettage is also a possible surgical treatment option with minimal effort and an acceptable recurrence rate, which can lead to good esthetic results.
The immunomodulatory effect of lactulose on <i>Enterococcus</i> <i>faecium</i> fed preruminant calves; Prebiotics and probiotics could represent an effective alternative to the use of synthetic antibiotics in nutrition. The mechanisms by which prebiotics affect the immune system have not yet been investigated in detail. Most effects have been attributed to increases in the innate and acquired immune responses. This study was conducted to elucidate the long-term effects of orally administered lactulose on the immune response in the intestinal tract of probiotic-fed calves. Preruminant calves were randomized to 3 feeding groups: milk replacer containing 1) no lactulose, 2) 1% lactulose, or 3) 3% lactulose. All 3 milk replacers contained 10(9) cfu Enterococcus faecium/kg. Messenger RNA expression of different cell activation markers, pro-and antiinflammatory cytokines, and IgA Fc receptor was investigated in the ileum, mesenterial lymph node, spleen, and white blood cells. A significantly greater number of blood lymphocytes were detected in the 3% lactulose group (P = 0.02) than in the control group. The expression results in male calves indicated that the transcription of IgA Fc receptor in the ileal mucosa of the 1% lactulose treatment group increased significantly (P = 0.04) and also tended to increase in the 3% lactulose group (P = 0.07). Furthermore, decreases in IL-10 and interferon-gamma mRNA expression were observed in the ileum (P = 0.04). The CD4-presenting lymphocytes were decreased significantly in the ileum (P = 0.04) and mesenteric lymph node (P = 0.01), whereas CD8-presenting lymphocytes were increased in the blood (P = 0.03) of females. Other proinflammatory cytokines (IL-1 beta, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor-a) and antiinflammatory cytokines (transforming growth factor-alpha) did not show significant differences in mRNA expression among treatment groups. The results indicate that additional lactulose feeding had an immunomodulatory effect on the composition of T-cell subsets in different immune compartments and had minor effects on pro-and antiinflammatory cytokine mRNA expression.
Sunscreen use and skin protection behaviour on the Belgian beach: a comparison 9 years later; Public health campaigns encourage people to protect themselves against skin cancer by using sunscreens and taking other protective measures. The objective is to estimate the impact of these campaigns on the rise of awareness among the general public. This study explores the prevalence and predictors of solar protection behaviour in a sample of beachgoers and compares these results to another similar study carried out 9 years earlier (i.e. summer 2001). During the month of August 2010, a total of 408 participants (144 men and 264 women) were randomly selected on their way to the Belgian beach in the city of Ostend, Belgium. The solar protection behaviour of each participant was assessed by direct observation and an interview. The exact same questions were asked as in 2001. The general risk awareness stays the same for skin aging and skin cancer but gets higher for sunburn. When we control these results for sex, the overall higher general awareness is completely because of the higher awareness of the female subgroup. As in 2001, risk awareness is considerably higher in the female subgroup than in the male one. As in 2001, sunscreen cream was the most popular preventive behaviour in 2010 (use of sunscreen with sun protection factor 15 or higher reported by 66.4%), followed by timed sun exposure (46.8%), use of clothing and hats (36.8%) and shade (34.1%). As in summer 2001 the sunscreen use is more popular in the female population. The use of protective clothing and hats is more popular in the male group. As solar protection has become part of the beach behaviour routine, there is room for improvement for their more frequent application, the use of a higher sun protection factor (15+), timed sunbathing, more use of clothing and hats and seeking shade. The results of this study can assist in evaluating the effectiveness of present sun-protection campaigns and health education programmes. European Journal of Cancer Prevention 21:474-477 (C) 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Genetic analysis of pig survival up to commercial weight in a crossbred population; Records from 99,384 crossbred pigs from Duroc sires and Large White x Landrace dams were used to estimate genetic parameters for survival traits at different stages of the fattening period, and their relations with final weight. Traits analyzed were preweaning mortality (PWM), culling between weaning and harvesting (C-all), culling during the farrowing period (C-far), in the nursery site (C-nur), during the finishing phase (C-fin), and hot carcass weight (HCW). Because of the binary nature of PWM and culling traits, threshold-linear models were used: Model 1, including PWM, C-all, and HCW; Model 2, including PWM, C-far, C-nur, Q(fin), and HCW. Both models included sex and parity number as fixed effects for all traits. Contemporary groups were considered as fixed effect for HCW and as random effects for the binary traits. Random effects were sire additive genetic, common litter, and residual effects for all traits and models. Heritability estimates were 0.03 for PWM, and 0.15 for HCW with both models, 0.06 for C-all with Model 1, and 0.06 for C-far, 0.14 for C-nur and 0.10 for C-fin with Model 2. Litter variance explained a large part of the total variance and its influence declined slightly with age. For Model 1, genetic correlations were -0.36 between PWM and C-all, -0.02 between PWM and HCW, and -0.25 between C-all and HCW; correlations for litter effect were -0.15 between PWM and C-all, -0.19 between PWM and HCW, and -0.21 between C-all and HCW. For Model 2, genetic correlations were all positive between PWM and culling traits, except between PWM and C-nur (-0.61). Genetic correlations between HCW and the other traits were moderate and negative to null. Correlations for common litter effect were all negative between traits, except between C-far and C-fin, and between C-nur and C-fin. Heritability of PWM and culling traits increased with age period. Therefore, selection for survival after weaning may be more efficient. The low genetic correlations between PWM and culling traits suggest that different genes influence pre and postweaning mortality. The HCW was not correlated with the other traits. However, relationships are not strongly unfavorable, therefore selection for survival and high final weight is possible. (c) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
How to Assess the Efficacy of Interventions for Actinic Keratosis? A Review with a Focus on Long-Term Results; Actinic keratoses (AK) are common lesions of the skin caused by cumulative sun exposure. Since AK may progress to invasive cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (cSCC), guidelines uniformly recommend early and consequent treatment. A variety of interventions are available; however, most randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, and guidelines focus on outcomes that are usually evaluated 8-12 weeks after the end of treatment. Importantly, these assessments can capture the short-term, transient outcomes, but do not allow any conclusions about long-term results to be drawn and do not reflect the probability of transition towards cSCC. Until now, few studies have assessed the long-term results of interventions for AK. Indeed, finding the most appropriate end-point and adjunct time point for determining the long-term results of interventions for AK remains a challenge. Here, we provide an overview of the different ways of measuring the efficacy of AK treatments, such as using recurrence rates or sustained clearance rates, and discuss methodological aspects. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of evidence from post-marketing surveillance trials for the detection of efficacy values and safety signals. Additionally, we emphasize that a follow-up period of 12 months might not be sufficient to reflect the long-term results and stress the urgent need for a longer follow-up period and regular risk-stratified surveillance.
Tacrolimus Reverses UVB Irradiation-Induced Epidermal Langerhans Cell Reduction by Inhibiting TNF-α Secretion in Keratinocytes via Regulation of NF-κB/p65; Background: Topical calcineurin inhibitors including tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are used in the treatment of many inflammatory skin diseases mainly via blocking T-cell proliferation. Our previous studies found that pimecrolimus 1% cream could reverse high-dose ultraviolet B (UVB) irradiation-induced epidermal Langerhans cell (LC) reduction via inhibition of LC migration. We conducted this study to investigate the effects of topical tacrolimus 0.03% ointment on high-dose UVB-irradiated human epidermal LCs.
Utility of topical agents for radiation dermatitis and pain: a randomized clinical trial; Purpose Although topical agents are often provided during radiation therapy, there is limited consensus and evidence for their use prophylactically to prevent or reduce radiation dermatitis.
Effects of <i>Cynanchum wilfordii</i> on osteoporosis with inhibition of bone resorption and induction of bone formation; Cynanchum wilfordii Hemsley has been used for the treatment of musculoskeletal diseases in traditional Republic of Korean medicine. The present study investigated the effects of C. wilfordii water extract (CW) on postmenopausal osteoporosis. Female mice were used and randomly assigned into a normal group and three ovariectomized (OVX) groups: OVX with vehicle (OVX + vehicle); OVX with 17-estradiol (E2; 10 mu g/kg/day); and OVX with CW (1 mg/kg/day). Oral administration of CW or E2 intraperitoneal injection began 9 weeks after OVX and continued for 3 weeks. Following sacrifice, bone histology, bone mineral density (BMD) and bone mineral content (BMC) of the femur were observed. Serum osteocalcin concentration was analyzed. In addition, the expression levels of osteoprotegerin (OPG) and osterix were evaluated in human osteoblast-like Saos-2 cells. In the lateral and medial epicondyles of the CW-administrated group, dense and well-formed bone marrow cells with reduced bone marrow pores were observed. CW decreased the number of tartrate resistant acid phosphatase-positive multinucleated osteoclasts. BMD and BMC were increased following increased serum osteocalcin levels by CW treatment. The expression levels of OPG and osterix were upregulated by CW treatment in vitro. The results suggested that C. wilfordii has an advantageous effect on osteoporosis and possesses the potential to be used in osteoporosis treatment.
INTEGRATION OF TYPE-B RETROVIRAL DNA IN VIRUS-INDUCED PRIMARY MURINE THYMIC LYMPHOMAS; In previous studies the isolation and characterization of a highly leukemogenic virus, DMBA-LV, isolated from a transplanted, chemical carcinogen-induced thymic lymphoma was described. The virus is composed of a mixture of 2 unrelated retroviral genomes, 1 highly related to type B milk-borne mammary tumor virus isolates and the other partially related to type C viral genomes. Primary thymic lymphomas induced by DMBA-LV in CFW/D, NIH Swiss, C3H/Bi/Ka and C57BL/Ka mice were assessed for the presence of newly integrated type B retroviral DNA. All 46 primary thymic lymphomas examined contained 1-4 newly acquired murine mammary tumor virus proviruses. Based on the sizes of provirus-cell DNA junction fragments, the integration of newly acquired murine mammary tumor virus proviruses did not appear to be random.
Estrogen Levels in Nipple Aspirate Fluid and Serum during a Randomized Soy Trial; Background: On the basis of hypothesized protective effect, we examined the effect of soy foods on estrogens in nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) and serum, possible indicators of breast cancer risk.
Nutraceutical preconditioning with arginine and oil mixes. Effects on inflammatory mediators, oxidative stress and lipid profile in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy; PURPOSE: To investigate whether there is any effect resulting from preconditioning with nutraceutical supplementation containing arginine and oil mixes with high omega 9:omega 6 ratio and low omega 6:omega 3 ratio containing EPA and DHA, ALA fatty acids on inflammatory mediators, antioxidant and lipid profile modulation in surgical trauma.
Clinical impacts of administering a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug to beef calves after assisted calving on pain and inflammation, passive immunity, health, and growth; Assisted calves are often born weak, injured, or oxygen deprived and have a higher risk of morbidity and mortality. The objective was to investigate the impact of using pain mitigation at birth in assisted beef calves on physiological indicators of pain and inflammation, passive immunity, health, and growth. Thirty-three primiparous cows and their calves requiring assistance at birth on two ranches located in southern Alberta were enrolled. Data collected at birth include date and time of calving, calf sex, meconium staining, presentation of calf, and calving difficulty (easy assist: one person manually delivered the calf; difficult assist: delivery by two or more people, or mechanical assistance). Within 10 min of birth, calves were stratified by calving difficulty, randomized to a medication group, and received a subcutaneous dose of meloxicam (0.5 mg/kg BW) or an equivalent volume of placebo. Cow-calf pairs were then placed in individual box stalls for observation and sampling. At birth, 1, 4, and 24 h after birth, heart rate, respiratory rate, and rectal temperature were assessed and blood samples collected to measure indicators of pain and inflammation (cortisol, corticosterone, substance P, and haptoglobin). Serum IgG concentration and failed transfer of passive immunity (serum IgG concentration <24 g/L) were assessed in the 24-h blood samples. Preweaning treatment for disease and mortality information was collected and calves were weighed at 7 to 10 d of age and at weaning. Of the 33 calves enrolled, 17 calves received meloxicam and 16 calves received a placebo. Meloxicam-medicated calves had significantly greater ADG to 7 to 10 d of age (P = 0.05) (mean = 0.9 kg/d; SE = 0.10) compared with placebo-medicated calves (mean = 0.6 kg/d; SE = 0.12). There was no significant effect of meloxicam on physiological indicators of pain and inflammation, standing or nursing by 1 h, passive immunity, health outcomes, or ADG to weaning (P > 0.1). Although this was a small sample population, meloxicam given to assisted calves at birth improved ADG in the first week of life, which may indicate an important production management tool for improving well-being in assisted calves.
QUANTITATIVE FEED RESTRICTION OF PEKIN BREEDER DUCKS DURING THE REARING PERIOD AND ITS EFFECT ON SUBSEQUENT PRODUCTIVITY; Six male and 24 female Pekin ducks/pen were randomly allocated to 12 pens to test the effects of quantitative feed restriction during the rearing period on subsequent reproductive performance. The feed treatments during the rearing periods were ad lib. (80%, 60% and 40%) with 3 replicates of each treatment. During the laying period a duck breeding diet was fed ad lib. to all groups. As the degree of quantitative feed restriction during the rearing period increased, changes were noted. Body mass at 22 wk of age decreased, these differences becoming negligible at 62 wk of age. Feed intake to 22 wk of age was lowered, the reduction in intake being proportional to the degree of restriction. The number of days to sexual maturity was delayed, resulting in an increase in average egg mass. The percentage fertility and hatchability of eggs sets increased. The mortality during the laying period decreased. Significant differences were found between treatments with regard to carcass moisture and carcass fat. There were also significant differences between treatments in respect of the adjusted and unadjusted viscera masses giving some idea of the physiological phenomena that accompanied feed restriction. The economic advantage of restriction increased.
Interaction of estrogen therapy with calcium and vitamin D supplementation on colorectal cancer risk: Reanalysis of Women's Health Initiative randomized trial; Although calcium and vitamin-D intake were consistently shown to be inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk in several large prospective studies and protective against adenoma and cancer in multiple randomized trials, the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) of calcium and low-dose vitamin-D supplementation trial found no overall effects on colorectal cancer. However, the previous report did not recognize an important biologic interaction with estrogen therapy. We investigated the treatment interaction of estrogen with calcium and vitamin-D on risk of colorectal cancer via a reanalysis of primary data results from the WHI calcium and vitamin-D supplementation trial (1,000 mg elemental calcium, 400 IU of vitamin-D3, or placebo), reanalyzing results from women concurrently randomized to estrogen interventions and placebo. Results indicate that concurrent estrogen therapy was a strong effect modifier of calcium and vitamin-D supplementation on colorectal cancer risk. While calcium plus vitamin-D supplementation among women concurrently assigned to estrogen therapies suggested increased risk (Hazard Ratio = 1.50, 95% CI: 0.96-2.33), among women concurrently assigned to placebos arms of the estrogen trials, calcium plus vitamin-D indicated suggestive benefits (HR = 0.71, 95% CI: 0.46-1.09) (p-for-estrogen-interaction = 0.018). Consistent interaction was also found by reported estrogen use (p interaction = 0.037). Results indicate contrasting effects of calcium and vitamin-D by concurrent estrogen therapy on colorectal cancer risk. Although further clinical and mechanistic studies are warranted, the potential clinical implications of the apparent interaction of estrogen therapy with calcium and vitamin-D supplementation should be recognized. Important biological mechanisms related to the key membrane receptor megalin and estrogen-dependent protein calbindin are discussed. (c) 2007 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Genetic evaluation of calf and heifer survival in Iranian Holstein cattle using linear and threshold models; Calf and heifer survival are important traits in dairy cattle affecting profitability. This study was carried out to estimate genetic parameters of survival traits in female calves at different age periods, until nearly the first calving. Records of 49583 female calves born during 1998 and 2009 were considered in five age periods as days 1-30, 31-180, 181-365, 366-760 and full period (day 1-760). Genetic components were estimated based on linear and threshold sire models and linear animal models. The models included both fixed effects (month of birth, dam's parity number, calving ease and twin/single) and random effects (herd-year, genetic effect of sire or animal and residual). Rates of death were 2.21, 3.37, 1.97, 4.14 and 12.4% for the above periods, respectively. Heritability estimates were very low ranging from 0.48 to 3.04, 0.62 to 3.51 and 0.50 to 4.24% for linear sire model, animal model and threshold sire model, respectively. Rank correlations between random effects of sires obtained with linear and threshold sire models and with linear animal and sire models were 0.82-0.95 and 0.61-0.83, respectively. The estimated genetic correlations between the five different periods were moderate and only significant for 31-180 and 181-365 (r(g)=0.59), 31-180 and 366-760 (r(g)=0.52), and 181-365 and 366-760 (r(g)=0.42). The low genetic correlations in current study would suggest that survival at different periods may be affected by the same genes with different expression or by different genes. Even though the additive genetic variations of survival traits were small, it might be possible to improve these traits by traditional or genomic selection.
Prevalent vertebral deformity independently increases incident vertebral fracture risk in middle-aged and elderly Japanese women: The Japanese Population-based Osteoporosis (JPOS) Cohort Study; Prevalent vertebral deformity increases incident vertebral fracture risk according to studies focusing primarily on Caucasian elderly populations. We report a 3-fold increase in this risk in a population-based cohort of Japanese women after adjusting for subject propensity for having vertebral deformities. This relationship tended to be stronger in middle-aged women.
Experimental and computational studies of fatty acid distribution networks; Unbalanced uptake of Omega 6/Omega 3 (omega-6/omega-3) ratios could increase chronic disease occurrences, such as inflammation, atherosclerosis, or tumor proliferation, and methylation methods for measuring the ruminal microbiome fatty acid (FA) composition/distribution play a vital role in discovering the contribution of food components to ruminant products (e.g., meat and milk) when pursuing a healthy diet. Hansch's models based on Linear Free Energy Relationships (LFERs) using physicochemical parameters, such as partition coefficients, molar refractivity, and polarizability, as input variables (V-k) are advocated. In this work, a new combined experimental and theoretical strategy was proposed to study the effect of omega-6/omega-3 ratios, FA chemical structure, and other factors over FA distribution networks in the ruminal microbiome. In step 1, experiments were carried out to measure long chain fatty acid (LCFA) profiles in the rumen microbiome (bacterial and protozoan), and volatile fatty acids (VFAs) in fermentation media. In step 2, the proportions and physicochemical parameter values of LCFAs and VFAs were calculated under different boundary conditions (c(j)) like c(1) = acid and/or base methylation treatments, c(2) = with/without fermentation, c(3) = FA distribution phase (media, bacterial, or protozoan microbiome), etc. In step 3, Perturbation Theory (PT) and LFER ideas were combined to develop a PT-LFER model of a FA distribution network using physicochemical parameters (V-k), the corresponding Box-Jenkins (Delta V-kj) and PT operators (Delta Delta V-kj) in statistical analysis. The best PT-LFER model found predicted the effects of perturbations over the FA distribution network with sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy > 80% for 407 655 cases in training + external validation series. In step 4, alternative PT-LFER and PT-NLFER models were tested for training Linear and Non-Linear Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs). PT-NLFER models based on ANNs presented better performance but are more complicated than the PT-LFER model. Last, in step 5, the PT-LFER model based on LDA was used to reconstruct the complex networks of perturbations in the FA distribution and compared the giant components of the observed and predicted networks with random Erdos-Renyi network models. In short, our new PT-LFER model is a useful tool for predicting a distribution network in terms of specific fatty acid distribution.
Combined effects of host genetics and diet on human gut microbiota and incident disease in a single population cohort; Genome-wide association analysis of gut microbial taxa in a single homogenous population-based cohort of 5,959 Finnish individuals identifies 567 independent SNP-taxon associations, including strong associations with LCT, ABO and MED13L.
Efficacy of two different methods of cold air analgesia for pain relief in PDT of actinic keratoses of the head region - a randomized controlled comparison study; Background: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an effective method for treating actinic keratosis (AK) with pain during illumination representing the major side effect. The efficacy of two different cooling methods for pain relief in PDT of AK in the head region was compared.
METABOLISM OF BILE-SALTS BY ALIMENTARY BACTERIA DURING TRANSIT IN THE HUMAN SMALL-INTESTINE; High numbers of alimentary bifidobacteria and lactobacilli survive their passage through the intestine. A majority of strains of Bifidobacterium and Lactobacillus can deconjugate or dehydroxylate bile salts. Our aim was to study whether the ingestion of a fermented milk (FM) containing bifidobacteria and L. acidophilus could influence the metabolism of bile salts in the small bowel. The study was randomised and double blinded. Eight ileostomy subjects received on two consecutive days the same meal plus a 100 g cup of an FM which either contained 10(7) CFU/g Bifidobacterium sp. and 10(8) CFU/g L. acidophilus, or had been pasteurised (as control). Ileal effluents were collected for 6h after meals. Effluent weight and excretion of the different bile salts were measured. These did not differ significantly between the two periods except ileal excretions of free and secondary bile salts which were significantly increased during the FM period. Rapid and extensive deconjugation of bile salts was observed during in vitro experiments with both strains, but no dehydroxylation was detected. Excessive metabolism of bile salts in the human small bowel can be detrimental, and we suggest that the absence or limited extent of bile salt transformation capacity of bacteria added to food should be a pre-requisite for labelling a product as GRAS (generally recognised as safe).
Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Some Inflammatory Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background/Aims: The mechanism, by which vitamin D influences inflammatory biomarkers in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), is not very well known. Thus, a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to assess the effect of vitamin D supplementation on some inflammatory biomarkers in T2DM subjects. Methods: We searched randomized controlled trials from PubMed and the Cochrane Library in October 2017 and conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation on high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Either a fixedeffects or a random-effects model was used to calculate pooled effects. Results: We identified 13 studies that met our inclusion criteria. The results indicated that the vitamin D supplementation significant decreased the hs-CRP level by 0.45 mu g/mL, whereas the vitamin D supplementation did not influence the TNF-alpha and IL-6. Subgroup analysis showed that vitamin D significantly lowered hs-CRP by 0.34 mu g/mL among trials with a daily vitamin D dose <= 4,000 IU and by 0.31 mu g/mL among trials with time of vitamin D supplementation >12 weeks. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation is beneficial for the reduction of hs-CRP inT2DM subjects but does not have a significant influence on TNF-alpha and IL-6 in T2DM subjects. (c) 2018 S. Karger AG, Basel
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2-therapy; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010.
Current vitamin D status in European and Middle East countries and strategies to prevent vitamin D deficiency: a position statement of the European Calcified Tissue Society; Vitamin D deficiency (serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH) D) <50 nmol/L or 20 ng/mL) is common in Europe and the Middle East. It occurs in <20% of the population in Northern Europe, in 30-60% in Western, Southern and Eastern Europe and up to 80% in Middle East countries. Severe deficiency (serum 25(OH) D <30 nmol/L or 12 ng/mL) is found in >10% of Europeans. The European Calcified Tissue Society (ECTS) a dvises that the measurement of serum 25(OH) D be standardized, for example, by the Vitamin D Standardization Program. Risk groups include young children, adolescents, pregnant women, older people (especially the institutionalized) and non-Western immigrants. Consequences of vitamin D deficiency include mineralization defects and lower bone mineral density causing fractures. Extra-skeletal consequences may be muscle weakness, falls and acute respiratory infection, and are the subject of large ongoing clinical trials. The ECTS advises to improve vitamin D status by food fortification and the use of vitamin D supplements in risk groups. Fortification of foods by adding vitamin D to dairy products, bread and cereals can improve the vitamin D status of the whole population, but quality assurance monitoring is needed to prevent intoxication. Specific risk groups such as infants and children up to 3 years, pregnant women, older persons and non-Western immigrants should routinely receive vitamin D supplements. Future research should include genetic studies to better define individual vulnerability for vitamin D deficiency, and Mendelian randomization studies to address the effect of vitamin D deficiency on long-term non-skeletal outcomes such as cancer.
A STUDY ON BREAST FEEDING PRACTICES AMONG POST-NATAL MOTHERS ATTENDING GOVT MATERNITY HOSPITAL AT HYDERABAD, ANDHRA PRADESH; BACKGROUND: Breast feeding plays an essential and sometimes underestimate role in the treatment and prevention of infant and childhood illness. Improving breast feeding is a highly feasible and cost effective approach to reducing the number of infant who die from infectious disease and malnutrition early in their lives. Continuing to breastfeed alone could save 1 to 1.5 million lives a year. Well over 40% of 10.9 million deaths annually occur due to inappropriate feeding practices, during the 1st year of life. Lack of breast feeding and especially exclusive breast feeding during the 1st year of life are important risk factors for infant and child hood morbidity and mortality that are only compounded by inappropriate complementary feeding. Current evidence that Breast feeding is beneficial for infant and child health is based on exclusive observational studies. The experimental intervention increased the duration and degree of breast feeding. These results provide a solid scientific under planning for future interventions to promote Breast feeding. Breast feeding practices appear to be ineffective even in institutions due to lack of knowledge of importance of breast milk, colostrums, and pre-lacteal feeds. In the present study an effort is made to assess the knowledge of breast feeding practices among post natal women and mothers attending immunization clinic. OBJECTIVES: To study the sociodemografic factors influence on breast feeding behavior of post natal mothers and to study the awareness of benefits of colostrums, and effect of media on breast feeding practices. MATERIALS AND METHODS : The present study is a cross-sectional, Descriptive Hospital based, conducted in the post natal ward at Govt Maternity Hospital, sultan Bazar, Hyderabad, A.P., participants are the Mothers who have delivered within 3days of interview, and the Mothers attending immunization clinic, having children below 1 year of age. sample size is 150 Post Natal Mothers and 100 mothers attending immunization clinic in the same hospital selected by simple random sampling technique. METHODOLOGY: interview with a predesigned and pretested semi structured questionnaire administered to 150 randomly selected mothers at the bed side in post natal ward who have delivered 3days prior to the interview. A friendly support was maintained to elicit the response regarding breast feeding practices. the mothers were interviewed in their mother tongue. Study was conducted from November 1st to December 2004. study variables includes social demographic factors like age, marriage, age at pregnancy, social status, literacy, and their relation to awareness on breast feeding practices etc. Analysis mainly comprises of simple proportions and chi-square test using epi info. RESULTS: A total of 250 respondents breast feeding practices were studied. Their socio demographic factors includes Residential, literacy, occupational status etc. Among total Majority of the mothers were more than 21 yrs(61.33%to68%), belong to urban areas(78.66%, 75%), Hindus were(82.66%, 66%), Nuclear families (64%,61%), and lower socioeconomic class (64%,72%). Majority of mothers who advice on early initiation were 62%,63% of them started breast feeding early. The difference in BFP'S among the groups is highly Significant. (p<0001). (80%) breast fed was who delivered normally, who underwent LSCS was 12.8%, almost 88% of mothers in postnatal ward and mothers attended immunization clinic 100% was breast fed their infants at the time of interview, it universal.
Low-dose 5-fluorouracil in combination with salicylic acid as a new lesion-directed option to treat topically actinic keratoses: histological and clinical study results; Background Actinic keratoses (AKs) arise after chronic sun exposure. Because long-term ultraviolet (UV) damage may induce proliferation of atypical keratinocytes, treatment of AKs is recommended.
Yogurt consumption and estrogen metabolism in healthy premenopausal women; Dietary modification of intestinal microflora by yogurt or Lactobacilli supplementation has been shown to decrease fecal beta-glucuronidase activity, thereby possibly affecting estrogen metabolism and lowering breast cancer risk. To determine if yogurt consumption modifies fecal beta-glucuronidase activity and plasma and urine estrogen concentrations, 16 women (24.8 +/- 1.0 y; mean +/- SEM) were assigned randomly to two groups, control (CON;n=7) or yogurt treatment (YOG;n=9). Control subjects refrained from yogurt consumption for three months, whereas the YOG group consumed two cups (454 g/d) of commercially produced yogurt made with a culture (1:1 ratio) of Lactobacillus delbrueckii ssp bulgaricus and Lactococcus salivarius ssp thermophilus (>10(7) colony forming units/g yogurt) for three consecutive months. Prior yogurt consumption did not exceed 4-6 cups/month and subjects consumed their usual diets during the study. Three-day diet records, fasting mid-luteal blood, and 24 h urine collections were obtained during three consecutive days of subjects' first-, second-, and fourth-menstrual cycles. Fecal samples were collected once during each menstrual cycle. Dietary nutrient intakes were not significantly different within or between groups throughout the study. The YOG group was consuming a low-fat diet (19-22% of total calories). Fecal beta-glucuronidase activity and plasma and urinary estrone and estradiol-17 beta concentrations were assessed following baseline and months one and three for CON and YOG consumers. No significant differences were observed within or between groups for any of the aforementioned biochemical variables. In conclusion, three months of yogurt consumption did not alter fecal beta-glucuronidase activity or plasma and urine estrogen concentrations. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
Efficacy and safety of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate and tenofovir alafenamide fumarate in preventing HBV vertical transmission of high maternal viral load; Background Hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a significant global health problem and > 42-52% of patients are infected during perinatal period. Tenofovir alafenamide fumarate (TAF) and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) have been widely recognized as the main compounds used for antiviral treatment of hepatitis B. The present study evaluated the efficacy and safety of TAF in reducing HBV vertical transmission. Methods A total of 72 pregnant women, who met the inclusion criteria, were randomly divided into the TDF (300 mg/day, n = 36) and TAF (25 mg/day, n = 36) groups. Clinical and laboratory data were analyzed and compared between the two groups. Results No significant differences in alanine aminotransferase, total bilirubin, blood creatinine and blood urea nitrogen levels were noted between the two groups after treatment. The serum HBV DNA viral load and hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) levels of the two groups were significantly decreased following treatment, whereas the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. The levels of urine retinol-binding protein and beta 2-microglobulin had no significant change after TAF treatment (p > 0.05), but increased significantly after TDF treatment (p < 0.05). All drug concentrations were undetectable in umbilical cord blood (UCB) and breast milk samples of the TAF group, while the drug concentration of UCB and breast milk samples in the TDF group was 2.98 +/- 1.44 and 19.16 +/- 15.26 ng/ml, respectively. All infants were tested negative for serum hepatitis B surface antigen, HBV DNA, and HBeAg. Conclusions Both TAF and TDF effectively block the mother-to-child transmission of hepatitis B. TAF was superior to TDF with regard to renal safety and breastfeeding.
Short-Term High-Fat Diet Alters Acetaminophen Metabolism in Healthy Individuals; Background: Acetaminophen is metabolized through a nontoxic sulfation and glucuronidation pathway and toxic oxidation pathway (via CYP2E1 and CYP1A2). A short-term high-fat diet induces alterations in the steatotic liver and may alter hepatic drug enzyme activity. In the case of acetaminophen, these alterations may result in an increased risk of hepatotoxicity. Therefore, this study was conducted to assess the effect of a 3-day hypercaloric high-fat diet on the plasma levels of acetaminophen metabolites.
Update on actinic keratosis in clinical trial experience with imiquimod; Actinic keratoses (AK) is a sun induced cutaneous lesion, currently considered as a squamous cell carcinoma in situ that has the potential to progress to invasive SCC. To treat them, numerous, ablative and no ablative, therapeutic approaches exist. Among them, imiquimod, a toll like receptor agonist, recently approved to treat them in the US and Europe, has demonstrated to be effective and safe with an acceptable tolerability in the treatment of these lesions. In this article the results of several high quality RCT are analysed.
Genetic determinants of serum lipid levels in Chinese subjects: a population-based study in Shanghai, China; We examined the associations between 21 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of eight lipid metabolism genes and lipid levels in a Chinese population. This study was conducted as part of a population-based study in China with 799 randomly selected healthy residents who provided fasting blood and an in-person interview. Associations between variants and mean lipid levels were examined using a test of trend and least squares mean test in a general linear model. Four SNPs were associated with lipid levels: LDLR rs1003723 was associated with total cholesterol (P-trend = 0.002) and LDL (P-trend = 0.01), LDLR rs6413503 was associated with total cholesterol (P-trend = 0.05), APOB rs1367117 was associated with apoB (P-trend = 0.02), and ABCB11 rs49550 was associated with total cholesterol (P-trend = 0.01), triglycerides (P-trend = 0.01), and apoA (P-trend = 0.01). We found statistically significant effects on lipid levels for LDLR rs6413503 among those with high dairy intake, LPL rs263 among those with high allium vegetable intake, and APOE rs440446 among those with high red meat intake. We identified new associations between SNPs and lipid levels in Chinese previously found in Caucasians. These findings provide insight into the role of lipid metabolism genes, as well as the mechanisms by which these genes may be linked with disease.
Oral hydration therapy with water affects health and performance of high-risk, newly received feedlot cattle; Our objective was to evaluate the effect of oral hydration therapy with water during initial processing of high-risk crossbred beef calves on health and performance during a 56-d feedlot receiving period. In Exp. 1, 6 arrival blocks of heifers (n = 664, initial BW = 197.1 +/- 5.8 kg) were randomized to treatment pens (n = 6 per treatment). In Exp. 2, 3 arrival blocks (initial BW = 188.9 +/- 19.1 kg) of bulls (n = 242) and steers (n = 55) were stratified by sex and purchase BW and randomly assigned to treatment pens (n = 15 per treatment) before initial processing. In both experiments, calves received either 0.57 L of water/45.4 kg of BW from a modified oral drenching apparatus (H2O) or no water administration (CON) at initial processing. Treatment-blinded technicians evaluated calves daily and assigned a clinical illness score for bovine respiratory disease (BRD). Cattle qualifying for BRD treatment were administered an antimicrobial. In Exp. 1, BW, ADG, and G:F did not differ (P = 0.63); however, H2O numerically increased DMI (5.29 vs. 5.09 kg/d; P = 0.12) and tended to increase BRD morbidity (29.0 vs. 21.5%; P = 0.07). There was no difference (P = 0.39) in second or third BRD morbidity rate or mortality rate. In Exp. 2, final BW (256.8 vs. 248.7 kg) and overall ADG (1.19 vs. 1.07 kg/d) tended to increase (P = 0.08) and DMI from d 42 to 56 (7.54 vs. 6.85 kg/d) was greater (P < 0.01) for H2O versus CON. However, BRD-associated mortality was greater (P = 0.05) in H2O (8.1%) versus CON (2.7%). Increased performance and DMI were observed for H2O, but health outcomes were not improved.
Prevalence of anemia and its associated factors among pregnant women in Ilala Municipality-Tanzania: Analytical cross-sectional study; Anaemia during pregnancy is still 1 of the leading causes of maternal and neonatal mortality in low and middle-income countries. Initiatives to address this need evidence on trends and their relevant factors, as they vary from 1 area to another. This study determined the prevalence of anemia and its associated factors among pregnant women in Ilala, Tanzania. This community-based, analytical cross-sectional study was conducted in April 2022 involving 367 randomly selected pregnant women. An interviewer-administered questionnaire and a HemoCue analyzer were used for data collection The data was described using descriptive statistics (frequency distributions, percentages, etc) and inferential statistics (Chi-square tests and logistic regression) were used to explore the associations between the study's outcome and its explanatory variables, with a significance level of P < .05. The mean age of participants was 26.2 (standard deviation = 5.2) years, 58.0% had a secondary education level, and 45.2 were prime-para. About half (57.2%) of all participants had low hemoglobin level, among which, 36.2% had moderate anemia. Having a primary education level (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 2.3, confidence interval [CI] = 1.1-4.7), having an inter-pregnancy interval of <18 months (AOR = 2.6, CI = 1.2-5.5), being in the third trimester (AOR = 2.4, CI = 1.2-4.7), not taking Intermittent Prophylaxis Treatment (AOR = 3.7, CI = 1.3-10), not taking iron supplement and folic acid (AOR = 3.7, CI = 1.3-10), and having a moderate appetite(AOR = 1.6, CI = 1.0-2.6) were predictors of anemia. Nutritionally related factors were not consuming on a daily basis dairy food (AOR = 3.7, CI = 1.4-9.3), meat/fish (AOR = 6.6, CI = 3-14), dark green and other vegetables (AOR = 6.6, CI = 3.1-14), fruits (AOR = 4.2, CI = 1.4-12) and having a lower dietary diversity score (AOR = 84, CI = 37-188). Approximately half of pregnant women in Ilala municipality were anemic with 1 third of them having moderate anemia. The associated factors varied from nutritional, obstetric, and socio-demographic factors. The targeted interventions should focus on health promotion campaign to sensitize the population on the dangers of anemia in pregnancy and preventive measures that must be adhered to.
Effect of controlled breeding on the fertility of Awassi and Red Karaman ewes and the performance of the offspring; This study was aimed at determining the effects of progestagen and ovarian stimulation agents (eCG) treatment, together with nutritional flushing, on the lambing rate of Awassi (A) and Red Karaman (RK) ewes and the performance of their offspring. In the trial, 60 Awassi and 40 Red Karaman ewes and their lambs were used. Each breed was randomly allocated to two groups per breed; one being the treatment group and the other the control. Estrus was synchronized by means of fluorogestone acetate (FGA) (40 mg) intravaginal sponges (14 days) and eCG (500IU) injected i.m. at sponge withdrawal in all treatment groups. The interval from introduction of the ram to the onset of estrus was significantly earlier (P < 0.01) in the control, compared to the treatment group. Lambing rate was recorded as 83.3 and 93.3% in the Awassi ewes and 90.0 and 85.0% in the Red Karaman ewes for the treatment and control groups following mating, respectively. An overall higher (P < 0.05) percentage multiple birth rate was recorded in the ewes synchronized with FGA + eCG (34.9%), compared to ewes in the control groups (13.3%). Prolificacy significantly increased following treatment with eCG from 114 to 152% in the Awassi and from I 11 to 133% in the Red Karaman ewes. Most ofthe lambing (75%) took place over a short period of time (5 days) in the treated groups. Progestagen sponge and eCG treatment resulted in an extra 6 kg meat being produced per ewe, compared to the control groups. Birth and weaning weights ofthe Awassi and Red Karaman lambs were found to be similar for the treatment and control groups. The highest lamb survival rates (lowest mortalities) at weaning in both breeds (81% versus 78% and 89% versus 74% in the Awassi and Redkaraman control and treated ewes, respectively) were obtained for ewes in the control groups. It is concluded that intravaginal sponges (FGA) can be used for estrus synchronization and mating in Awassi and Red Karaman ewes during the breeding season and that treatment with eCG following progestagen treatment has the potential of increasing the twinning rate. Nutritional flushing also resulted in a higher number of lambs born in the control ewes. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effect of artesunate and relation with TGF-β1 and SMAD3 signaling on experimental hypertrophic scar model in rabbit ear; Artesunate (ART) is the derivative of artemisinin isolated from the traditional Chinese medicine qinghao. Although several studies reported the efficiency of artesunate in the treatment of malaria, inhibiting fibroblasts and collagen synthesis, the association between artesunate and scar formation is unclear. The research was designed to study the significance of artesunate (ART) on the expression of transforming growth factor (TGF-beta 1) and small mother against decapentaplegic (SMAD3) in rabbit's ear hypertrophic scar model. Twenty-four New Zealand white rabbits were randomly divided into six groups: control group, matrix group, low-concentration artesunate group (0.48%), medium-concentration artesunate group (0.96%), high-concentration artesunate group (1.92%) and silicone gel group. Punched defects were established on each rabbit's ear which resulted in a hypertrophic scar. On the 28th day, topical artesunate creams were applied twice a day except on the control group. On the 56th day, scar samples were collected for histopathology and immunoassay. Hematoxylin and eosin staining, Van Gieson staining, immunohistochemistry and Western blot analysis were done. Amongst the six groups, findings showed that the medium-concentration artesunate group (0.92%) efficiently decreased hypertrophic scar formation and significantly reduced fibroblasts and collagen synthesis. The results had also shown a decrease in the expression of transforming growth factor (TGF-beta 1) and declined small signal mother against decapentaplegic (Smad3). The overall study shows efficacy and mechanism of artesunate. It concluded that the medium concentration of artesunate (0.92%) could be an effective therapeutic agent for hypertrophic scars.
Red and processed meat consumption and breast cancer: UK Biobank cohort study and meta-analysis; Aim: Red and processed meat may be risk factors for breast cancer due to their iron content, administration of oestrogens to cattle or mutagens created during cooking. We studied the associations in UK Biobank and then included the results in a meta-analysis of published cohort studies.
Intensified photodynamic therapy of actinic keratoses with fractional CO<sub>2</sub> laser: a randomized clinical trial; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) with methyl aminolaevulinate (MAL) is effective for thin actinic keratoses (AKs) in field-cancerized skin. Ablative fractional laser resurfacing (AFXL) creates vertical channels that facilitate MAL uptake and may improve PDT efficacy.
A randomized trial comparing methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy with and without Er:YAG ablative fractional laser treatment in Asian patients with lower extremity Bowen disease: results from a 12-month follow-up; Background Methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) is an effective treatment for Bowen disease (BD) of the lower extremities. Er:YAG (erbium: yttrium-aluminium-garnet) ablative fractional laser (AFL) treatment removes the stratum corneum to increase MAL uptake and may improve efficacy. However, no studies have directly compared the efficacy of MAL-PDT with and without Er:YAG AFL therapy in treating BD of the lower extremities in Asians. Objectives To compare the efficacy, recurrence rate, cosmetic outcomes and safety between Er:YAG AFL-assisted MAL-PDT (Er:YAG AFL-PDT) and standard MAL-PDT.
Metformin inhibits mitochondrial adaptations to aerobic exercise training in older adults; Metformin and exercise independently improve insulin sensitivity and decrease the risk of diabetes. Metformin was also recently proposed as a potential therapy to slow aging. However, recent evidence indicates that adding metformin to exercise antagonizes the exercise-induced improvement in insulin sensitivity and cardiorespiratory fitness. The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that metformin diminishes the improvement in insulin sensitivity and cardiorespiratory fitness after aerobic exercise training (AET) by inhibiting skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration and protein synthesis in older adults (62 +/- 1years). In a double-blinded fashion, participants were randomized to placebo (n=26) or metformin (n=27) treatment during 12weeks of AET. Independent of treatment, AET decreased fat mass, HbA1c, fasting plasma insulin, 24-hr ambulant mean glucose, and glycemic variability. However, metformin attenuated the increase in whole-body insulin sensitivity and VO(2)max after AET. In the metformin group, there was no overall change in whole-body insulin sensitivity after AET due to positive and negative responders. Metformin also abrogated the exercise-mediated increase in skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration. The change in whole-body insulin sensitivity was correlated to the change in mitochondrial respiration. Mitochondrial protein synthesis rates assessed during AET were not different between treatments. The influence of metformin on AET-induced improvements in physiological function was highly variable and associated with the effect of metformin on the mitochondria. These data suggest that prior to prescribing metformin to slow aging, additional studies are needed to understand the mechanisms that elicit positive and negative responses to metformin with and without exercise.
Preemptive Versus Reactive Topical Clobetasol for Regorafenib-Induced Hand-Foot Reactions: A Preplanned Analysis of the ReDOS Trial; Background Hand-foot skin reaction (HFSR) is the most common regorafenib-induced adverse event and is in need of effective prevention and palliation.
Concentrations of conjugated linoleic acid (<i>cis</i>-9, <i>trans</i>-11-octadecadienoic acid) are not increased in tissue lipids of cattle fed a hiph-concentrate diet supplemented with soybean oil; Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a mixture of isomers of linoleic acid, has many beneficial effects, including decreased tumor growth in animal cancer models. The cis-9, trans-11 isomer of CLA (CLA9,11) can be formed in the rumen as an intermediate in biohydrogenation of linoleic acid. Recent data, however, indicate that tissue desaturation of transfatty acids is an important source of CLA9,11 in milk. Our objective was to determine whether supplementing a high-corn diet with soybean oil (SBO; a source of linoleic acid) would increase concentrations of CLA in ruminal contents and tissue lipids. Four ruminally cannulated steers were utilized in a Latin square design with 28-d periods. A control diet (80% cracked corn, 2.0% corn steep liquor, 8.0% ground corn cobs, and 10% supplement [soybean meal, ground shelled corn, minerals, and vitamins]) was supplemented with 2.5, 5.0, or 7.5% (DM basis) SBO. Supplemental SBO did not affect ruminal pH or concentrations of the major VFA. The proportion and amount (mg FA/g DM ruminal contents) of CLA9,11 were not increased by increasing dietary SBO. However, the proportion and amount of the trans-10, cis-12 CLA isomer (CLA10,12) in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.006) as dietary SBO increased. Trans-18:1 isomers in ruminal contents increased linearly (P < 0.02) as dietary SBO increased. The proportion of CLA10,12 was correlated positively (P < 0.001) with proportions of trans-C 18: 1 isomers in ruminal contents. Conversely, CLA9,11 was correlated negatively (P < 0.05) with the proportions of trans-18:1 in ruminal contents. The same high-corn diet, supplemented with 0 or 5% SBO, was fed to 20 Angus-Wagyu heifers for 102 d in a randomized complete block design to determine the effect of added SBO on tissue deposition of CLA. Supplemental SBO did not affect feed intake, gain:feed, or carcass quality. Tissue samples were obtained from the hindquarter, loin, forequarter, liver, large and small intestine, and subcutaneous, mesenteric, and perirenal adipose depots. The concentration of CLA9,11 was greatest in subcutaneous adipose tissue but was not affected in any tissue by SBO. Supplementing high-corn diets with SBO does not increase CLA9,11 concentrations in tissues of fattening heifers. Research is needed to identify regulatory factors for pathways of biohydrogenation that lead to increased concentrations of CLA10,12 in ruminal contents when high-oil, high-concentrate diets are fed.
Incidence and predictors of cytomegalovirus pneumonia in orthotopic liver transplant recipients; The incidence, predictors, and outcome of cytomegalovirus pneumonia in OLT recipients have not been well defined. We conducted an analysis of prospectively collected data from 141 OLT recipients who mere included as part of a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of CMV immune globulin prophylaxis. Cytomegalovirus pneumonia was diagnosed in 13 of 141 (9.2%) OLT recipients during the first year posttransplant and was associated with a higher 1-year mortality compared with those recipients without CMV pneumonia (84.6 vs. 11.2%, P=0.0001), Univariate analysis demonstrated that CMV viremia (P=0.001), invasive fungal disease (P=0.0001), donor(+)/pretransplant recipient(-) CMV serologic status (P=0.013), abdominal operation (excluding retransplantation) after liver transplantation (P=0.0027), bacteremia (P=0.0105), and advanced United Network of Organ Sharing status (P=0.023) mere associated with CMV pneumonia. Cytomegalovirus viremia was diagnosed in 11 of 18 patients with CMV pneumonia at a median of 11 days (range 1-66 days) before diagnosis of CMV pneumonia. In a multivariate analysis using a time-dependent, Cox proportional hazards model, CMV viremia (RR=8.6, 95% CI 1.8-39.7, P=0.0012), invasive fungal disease (RR=6.5, 95% CI 2.1-20.3, P=0.0001), and abdominal reoperation (RR=4.4, 95% CI 1.4-13.1, P=0.0043) were found to be independent predictors of CMV pneumonia. The attributable mortality associated with CMV pneumonia within the first year after liver transplantation for the patients with CR;IV pneumonia was 67.4%. Intensified measures for prevention of CMV should be considered for patients at high risk. of developing CMV pneumonia.
Impact of Proportionality of Secondary Mitral Regurgitation on Outcome After Transcatheter Mitral Valve Repair; OBJECTIVES The purpose of this paper was to evaluate the impact of proportionality of secondary mitral regurgitation (SMR) in a large real-world registry of transcatheter edge-to-edge mitral valve repair (TMVr)
Predictors of Polychlorinated Biphenyl Concentrations in Adipose Tissue in a General Danish Population; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitously present in the environment and suspected of carcinogenic, neurological, and immunological effects. Our purpose was to identify predictors of adipose tissue levels of mono-, di-, and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs experienced by a general population and to establish whether predictors vary according to substitution group. In this study of 245 randomly selected persons from a prospective Danish cohort of 57 053 persons, we examined geographical area, age, lactation, BMI, and intake of eight major dietary groups as potential determinants of adipose concentrations of mono-, di-, and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs by linear regression analyses. Lactation, BMI, and intake of fruit, vegetables, and dairy products showed negative associations with PCB concentrations in adipose tissue in all models, and living in Copenhagen city, age, and consumption of fish (particularly fatty fish) were positively associated. The associations between several of the predictors and mono-ortho-substituted PCBs tended to differ from the associations found for di- and tri-ortho-substituted PCBs. In conclusion, geography, age, lactation, BMI, and consumption of fatty fish consistently predicted the concentration of PCBs in adipose tissue. Our results indicate that predictors of PCBs varied according to substitution group, suggesting that ortho-substituted groups should be analyzed separately.
Effect of different doses of progestin on uterine leiomyomas in postmenopausal women; Objective(s): To evaluate the effects of two doses of medroxyprogesterone acetate (MPA) on uterine leiomyoma sizes and on uterine bleeding pattern in postmenopausal women treated with oral hormone replacement therapy (HRT), Study design: Thirty natural postmenopausal women affected by uterine leiomyomas were enrolled and treated with oral micronized estradiol (E-2) at dose of 2 mg per day, and randomized to receive in association MPA at dose of 2.5 mg daily (group A) or of 5 mg daily (group B). At the beginning of the study and after I year of treatment, uterine leiomyomata dimensions were measured using transvaginal ultrasonography (TV-USG). The subjects were instructed to note on a daily dairy the number and severity of abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) episodes. Results: After I year of therapy, a significant changes in mean uterine leiomyomas size was observed in the group treated with higher dose of MPA. No significant differences in uterine bleeding were detected between the two groups. Conclusion(s): In postmenopausal women with uterine leiomyomas, it is necessary to use the minimal efficacious dose of progestin during HRT because of a higher risk to increase the tumors dimensions. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Quality of life and diet intervention in individuals at risk for recurrence of colorectal adenomas; The effect of participation in a diet intervention study on self-reported quality of life (QOL) with subjects at risk of recurrence of colorectal adenomas was explored in 77 men and women, aged 18-80 years, with a history of adenomatous polyps. Participants were randomly assigned to intervention and control groups and followed for 1 year. Dietary goals for the intervention group included reduced intake of fat and increased intakes of fiber, calcium, and vegetables and fruit. Diet counseling was provided by telephone. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and dietary intakes were assessed at baseline and 6 and 12 months. The quality of life factors questionnaire (QF), designed to explore the absolute effects of the diet intervention on participants' perceived QOL, was administered at baseline and study end. Based on repeated 24-h dietary recalls, the intervention group reported significantly higher consumption of vegetables, fruit, low-fat dairy products, fiber, and calcium at 12 months. There were no significant differences in total QF scores for the two groups at study end, and no significant changes within groups between baseline and study end. Findings suggest that even though the intervention participants made significant modifications in their eating behavior, these changes did not impact their perceived QOL negatively. Copyright (C) 2004 John Wiley Sons, Ltd.
Foods, nutrients and prostate cancer; Objective: To examine the risk of prostate cancer associated with foods and nutrients, including individual fatty acids and carotenoids.
Frequency of the prolificacy gene in flocks of Indonesian thin tail sheep: a review; Indonesian thin tail (ITT) sheep have a major prolificacy gene (FecJ(F)), the frequency of which is higher in the new born lambs, than in the remainder of the flock when mating is random, because carrier ewes produce more progeny than do non carriers. The frequency of the gene may vary between Becks, but remains relatively stable in flocks with established husbandry procedures. The countermanding selection pressures maintaining the equilibrium value for the frequency of FecJ(F) are mainly those deriving from higher mortality rates of lambs in larger litters. Embryo survival is not significantly different across the range of ovulation rates in ITT ewes, in contrast to observations in other prolific breeds. Generation intervals and the incidences of metabolic and infectious diseases in ewes carrying larger litters can also affect the frequency of FecJ(F) in flocks. In turn, each of the factors affecting the frequency of FecJ(F) is modulated by the level of nutrition and management in each flock. The distribution of prolificacy genotypes in the ewes of a standard flock is calculated as FecJ(F)FecJ(F)/12; FecJ(F)FecJ(+)/44; FrcJ(+)FecJ(+)/44 giving a frequency of 0.34 for FecJ(F) The frequency of FecJF is then 0.43 in the lambs at birth, when their numbers have been amplified in the carrier ewes. There are heavier metabolic demands on ewes carrying larger litters and the foetuses constitute a higher proportion of weight gain during pregnancy. Consequently, mon of the lambs of carrier ewes are smaller and weaker at birth, and the reserves of the ewes for colostrum and milk production are depleted. When low lamb survival rates in larger litters are considered, the frequency of FecJF falls to 0.35 in the lambs at weaning in lean years and 0.38 in middling years. At a high level of husbandry, ewe weight gains during pregnancy and lamb survival rates improve substantially, and after 3 years, the frequency of FecJ(F) in the lambs at birth is estimated to have risen to 0.49; and 0.47 at weaning. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Sources of phytoestrogen exposure among non-Asian women in California, USA; Objective: We recently described the development of a comprehensive database for assessing phytoestrogen exposure in epidemiologic studies [1]. This paper describes the first application of this database and the primary sources of phytoestrogen consumption in non-Asian women.
Early cessation of breastfeeding amongst women in South Africa: an area needing urgent attention to improve child health; Background: Breastfeeding is a critical component of interventions to reduce child mortality. Exclusive breastfeeding practice is extremely low in South Africa and there has been no improvement in this over the past ten years largely due to fears of HIV transmission. Early cessation of breastfeeding has been found to have negative effects on child morbidity and survival in several studies in Africa. This paper reports on determinants of early breastfeeding cessation among women in South Africa.
Phytoestrogens/insoluble fibers and colonic estrogen receptor β: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; AIM: To assess the safety and effect of the supplementation of a patented blend of dietary phytoestrogens and insoluble fibers on estrogen receptor (ER)-beta and biological parameters in sporadic colonic adenomas.
Compliance with required pesticide-specific protective equipment use; Background Th is study measured compliance with pesticide-specific protective gear use requirements practiced by farmers applying pesticides to field crops.
The Effect of Probiotics and Synbiotics on Risk Factors Associated with Cardiometabolic Diseases in Healthy People-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Meta-Regression of Randomized Controlled Trials; We aimed to systematically review the effectiveness of probiotic/synbiotic formulations to counteract cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in healthy people not receiving adjunctive medication. The systematic search (PubMed/MEDLINE/Embase) until 1 August 2019 was performed for randomized controlled trials in >20 adult patients. Random-effect meta-analysis subgroup and meta-regression analysis of co-primary (haemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), glucose, insulin, body weight, waist circumference (WC), body mass index (BMI), cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), triglycerides, and blood pressure) and secondary outcomes (uric acid, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1-PAI-1, fibrinogen, and any variable related to inflammation/endothelial dysfunction). We included 61 trials (5422 persons). The mean time of probiotic administration was 67.01 +/- 38.72 days. Most of probiotic strains were ofLactobacillusandBifidobacteriumgenera. The other strains wereStreptococci,Enterococci, andPediococci. The daily probiotic dose varied between 10(6)and 10(10)colony-forming units (CFU)/gram. Probiotics/synbiotics counteracted CMR factors (endpoint data on BMI: standardized mean difference (SMD) = -0.156,p= 0.006 and difference in means (DM) = -0.45,p= 0.00 and on WC: SMD = -0.147,p= 0.05 and DM = -1.21,p= 0.02; change scores on WC: SMD = -0.166,p= 0.04 and DM = -1.35,p= 0.03) in healthy persons. Overweight/obese healthy people might additionally benefit from reducing total cholesterol concentration (change scores on WC in overweight/obese: SMD: -0.178,p= 0.049). Poor quality of probiotic-related trials make systematic reviews and meta-analyses difficult to conduct and draw definite conclusions. "Gold standard" methodology in probiotic studies awaits further development.
A nationwide survey on the management of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome: insights from the MUNICH survey in 394 Chinese hospitals; Background At present, preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in China present higher mortality and morbidity rates than those in high-income countries. The aim of this nationwide survey was to assess the clinical management of RDS in China. Methods A nationwide cross-sectional survey to assess adherence to RDS management recommendations was performed. One neonatologist per hospital was randomly selected. The primary outcome was the key care of RDS management. Results Among the 394 participating hospitals, 88<middle dot>3% were birthing centres. The number of doctors and nurses per bed were 0<middle dot>27 and 0<middle dot>72, respectively. Antenatal corticosteroids (any dose) were administered to 90% of the women at risk of preterm birth at < 34 weeks of gestation (90<middle dot>0% inborn vs. 50<middle dot>0% outborn, p < 0<middle dot>001). The median fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO2) for initial resuscitation was 0<middle dot>30 for babies born at <= 32 weeks of gestation and 0<middle dot>25 for those born at > 32 weeks. T-piece resuscitators were available in 77<middle dot>8% of delivery rooms (DRs) (tertiary hospitals: 82<middle dot>5% vs. secondary hospitals: 63<middle dot>0%, p < 0<middle dot>001). Surfactant was used in 51<middle dot>6% of the DRs. Less invasive surfactant administration (LISA) was used in 49<middle dot>7% of the hospitals (tertiary hospitals: 55<middle dot>3% vs. secondary hospitals: 31<middle dot>5%, p < 0<middle dot>001). Primary non-invasive ventilation was initiated in approximately 80<middle dot>0% of the patients. High-frequency oscillation ventilation was primarily reserved for rescue after conventional mechanical ventilation (MV) failure. Caffeine was routinely used during MV in 59<middle dot>1% of the hospitals. Bedside lung ultrasonography was performed in 54<middle dot>3% of the health facilities (tertiary hospitals: 61<middle dot>6% vs. secondary hospitals: 30<middle dot>4%, p < 0<middle dot>001). Qualified breast milk banks and Family Integrated Care (FICare) were present in 30<middle dot>2% and 63<middle dot>7% of the hospitals, respectively. Conclusions Significant disparities in resource availability and guidelines adherence were evident across hospitals. Future strategies should address DR facilities and medication access, technical training, staff allocation, and ancillary facility development for a better management of RDS patients in China.
Topical methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy for treatment of facial acne vulgaris:: results of a randomized, controlled study; Background: There is a need for alternative treatments for moderate to severe acne vulgaris. Preliminary experience suggests that topical methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) may have potential.
The use of inflammatory markers as a prognostic aid for traumatic reticuloperitonitis in water buffalo (<i>Bubalus bubalis</i>); The present study was conducted to evaluate the prognostic significance of selected inflammatory markers for prediction of clinical outcomes of traumatic reticuloperitonitis (TRP) in water buffalo (Bubalus bubalis). Acute local TRP was initially diagnosed in 32 buffalo by clinical examination and confirmed by ultrasonography (USG), laparo-rumenotomy and/or necropsy findings in non-surviving cases. Ten clinically healthy buffalo were randomly selected and served as controls. Blood was drawn from all examined buffalo to measure the respective levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10 interferon gamma (INF)-gamma, serum amyloid A (SAA), haptoglobin (Hp), fibrinogen (Fb), C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum sialic acid (SSA). Clinically, the heart rates, but neither respiratory rate nor rectal temperature, were significantly higher in non-survivors compared with survivors (P < 0.05). In addition, the non-surviving buffalo were more likely to have anorexia and weakness compared with survivors. However, rumen stasis, recurrent ruminal tympany, lacrimation, lordosis, bruxism, and decreased milk production were commonly observed in all diseased animals. Biochemically, TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-10, SAA, Hp, Fb, CRP, and SSA levels were significantly higher in diseased buffalo compared with controls, and were higher in non-survivors than survivors (P < 0.05). The data herein indicate an ongoing cascade of systemic inflammatory responses in buffalo with TRP with concomitant compensatory anti-inflammatory reactions and the overall degree of cytokine network disruption may be an important prognostic indicator. Medical strategies to modulate inflammation must take into account the complex of cytokine biology in buffalo with TRP.
Immunomodulatory effects of a probiotic drink containing <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota in healthy older volunteers; There is growing evidence that probiotics confer health benefits to the host by modulating immune function, especially in older people, where immunosenescence is a feature even of healthy ageing. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a probiotic drink containing Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) on immune function in a healthy non-immunocompromised older population.
Pharmacology of silymarin; The flavonoid silymarin and one of its structural components, silibinin, are substances with documented hepatoprotective properties. Their mechanisms of action are still poorly understood. However, the data in the literature indicate that silymarin and silibinin act in four different ways: (i) as antioxidants, scavengers and regulators of the intracellular content of glutathione; (ii) as cell membrane stabilisers and permeability regulators that prevent hepatotoxic agents from entering hepatocytes; (iii) as promoters of ribosomal RNA synthesis, stimulating liver regeneration; and (iv) as inhibitors of the transformation of stellate hepatocytes into myofibroblasts, the process responsible for the deposition of collagen fibres leading to cirrhosis. The key mechanism that ensures hepatoprotection appears to be free radical scavenging. Anti-inflammatory and anticarcinogenic properties have also been documented.
The Effects of Silymarin on Acetaminophen-Induced Acute Hepatic and Renal Toxicities in Domestic Pigeons (<i>Columba livia</i>); This study evaluated the effects of silymarin on acetaminophen-induced acute liver and kidney toxicities in domestic pigeons (Columba livia). Standard colorimetric methods with commercial kits were used to measure the serum activities or levels of biomarkers associated with liver and kidney damage, such as aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, alkaline phosphatase, urea, uric acid, total protein, albumin, and total cholesterol, in 21 pigeons randomly assigned into 3 groups (A, B, and C). Groups A and B were administered acetaminophen 3000 mg/kg PO q24h at the beginning of the experiment (hour 0). Group B pigeons were further treated with silymarin 35 mg/kg, starting at 12 hours after acetaminophen exposure (post-AA), with the silymarin treatment continuing q12h for 3 days. Group C pigeons served as the control group and were given tap water as the placebo. Blood was collected from the pigeons at hours 0, 12, 24, 48, and 72 of the experiment for serum biochemistry analyses. The results showed that treatment of group B pigeons with silymarin decreased the serum levels of aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, urea, and uric acid compared with the untreated control (group A). It also prevented decreases in serum alkaline phosphatase, total protein, albumin, and cholesterol seen in Group A. Mortality, which was 86% in the untreated control (group A), was completely prevented in group B. It was concluded that silymarin remediated the effects of acetaminophen-induced acute toxic liver and kidney injuries, which may result in pigeon mortality.
Public Health Risk of Arsenic Contamination in Food at Old Kahna, Lahore, Pakistan; Poisoning from arsenic in drinking water is a very serious problem in Pakistan stressing the need for analysis of water, soil, food and other environmental samples to gauge the extent of risk posed to the health of general public and for remedial measures. Kahna (old) is a small locality of Lahore which was selected as a test site and drinking water samples and diverse food samples were collected randomly and analyzed for arsenic contents by arsenic testing kit and atomic absorption spectroscopy (graphite furnace). The arsenic amount in samples of drinking water (from sunken tube-wells instal led in houses), milk, locally grown vegetables, mutton, beef, rice is 71 ppb, 13.50 ppb, 1.5, 1.6, 0.8, 3.7 and 0.3 mg/kg, respectively. Food values are under permissible levels but arsenic in water is much higher than standard thus exposing the population of Old Kahna at high cancer risk and other diseases.
Relationship between the testis size in male pigs and reproductive traits in their progeny; Selection for female farrowing performance is challenging to the swine industry due to the low heritability. Previous studies have suggested testis size as an indicator of reproductive performance. Thus, to determine the effectiveness of measuring testis size to identify sires of reproductive superior sows, 161 Yorkshire and Landrace boars were measured for width (TW) and area (TA). Farrowing performance was collected for 384 sows, daughters of 13 of the 161 boars. For heritability estimates (h(2)), the fixed effects of age (boar traits only), breed, contemporary group (CG), and parity (sow traits only), and the random effects of animal and permanent environment (sow traits only) were included in the model. Poisson phenotypic regression of the reproductive traits of daughters on the testis size of sires was performed including the fixed effects of parity, breeds of sow and sire, and TW or TA, and the random effects of sow and CG. For testis size, h(2) were 0.69 and 0.66 for TA and TW, respectively. For reproductive traits, h(2) ranged from 0.01 to 0.18. There were quadratic and linear relationships (P < 0.05) between reproductive traits in sows with TA and TW, respectively. Optimal performance for survival traits was obtained when TA of sires was within 17.2-18.5 cm(2), which did not overlap with the range that resulted in greater mortality (15.8-16.3 cm(2)). With regards to TW, there was a linear increase of survival traits (P < 0.05) as TW increased, but not mortality (P >= 0.11). Phenotypic assessment of testis size of sires may be a useful tool to cull animals for breeding, improving female performance.
A Low-Cost, Intradialytic, Protein-Rich Meal Improves the Nutritional Status in Chinese Hemodialysis Patients; Objective: Short-term administration of oral nutritional supplements can improve the nutritional status of hemodialysis patients. However, such treatment is associated with high cost. The aim of the present trial was to evaluate the benefits of the short-term administration of a low-cost, intradialytic, protein-rich meal on selected parameters of the nutritional status in Chinese patients undergoing hemodialysis.
Dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies; Use of dietary supplements is rising in countries where colorectal cancer is prevalent. We conducted a systematic literature review and meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies on dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer risk. We identified relevant studies in Medline, Embase and Cochrane up to January 2013. Original and peer-reviewed papers on dietary supplement use and colorectal cancer, colon cancer, or rectal cancer incidence were included. Use-no use(U-NU), highest-lowest(H-L) and dose-response(DR) meta-analyses were performed. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary estimates. In total, 24 papers were included in the meta-analyses. We observed inverse associations for colorectal cancer risk and multivitamin (U-NU: RR=0.92; 95% CI: 0.87,0.97) and calcium supplements (U-NU: RR=0.86; 95% CI: 0.79,0.95; H-L: RR=0.80; 95% CI: 0.70,0.92; DR: for an increase of 100 mg/day, RR=0.96; 95% CI: 0.94,0.99). Inconsistent associations were found for colon cancer risk and supplemental vitamin A and vitamin C, and for colorectal cancer risk and supplemental vitamin D, vitamin E, garlic and folic acid. Meta-analyses of observational studies suggest a beneficial role for multivitamins and calcium supplements on colorectal cancer risk, while the association with other supplements and colorectal cancer risk is inconsistent. Residual confounding of lifestyle factors might be present. Before recommendations can be made, an extensive assessment of dietary supplement use and a better understanding of underlying mechanisms is needed.
The effect of standardized feeding protocol on early outcome following gastroschisis repair: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Improved post-operative outcomes following gastroschisis repair are attributed to advancement in perioperative and post-operative care and early enteral feeding. This study evaluates the role of standardized postoperative feeding protocols in gastroschisis. Study design: A systematic review and meta-analysis of studies published from January 20 0 0 to April 2019 in MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library databases and Google Scholar was conducted. Primary outcomes were duration to full enteral feeding and cessation of parenteral nutrition. Secondary outcomes included days to first enteral feeding, length of stay, compliance, complication and mortality rates. Meta analysis was done using the RevMan Analysis Statistical Package in Review Manager (Version 5.3) using a random effects model and reported as pooled Risk Ratio and Mean Difference. p value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Eight observational cohort studies were identified and their data analyzed. Significant heterogeneity was noted for some outcomes. Standardized feeding protocols resulted in fewer days to first enteral feeding by 3.19 days (95% CI:-4.73,-1.66, p < 0.0 0 01) than non-protocolized feeding, less complication rates, reduced mortality and better compliance to care. The duration of parenteral nutrition and time to full enteral feeding were not significantly affected. Conclusion: Protocolized feeding post-gastroschisis repair is associated with early initiation of enteral feeding. There is a likelihood of reduced rates of sepsis; shorter duration of parenteral nutrition, length of hospital stay and time to full enteral feeding. However, the latter trends are not statistically significant and will require further studies best accomplished with a prospective randomized trial or more cohort studies. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Identifying patients with a history of ovarian cancer for referral for genetic counselling: non-randomised comparison of two case-finding strategies in primary care; Background
Determination of the effects of lactoferrin in a preclinical mouse model of experimental colitis; The aim of this study was to determine the therapeutic efficacy of lactoferrin (Lf) on dextran sulphate sodium (DSS) -induced experimental colitis in BALB/c mice. Eighty BALB/c mice were randomly divided into 4 groups; the normal, model, apo-Lf and holo-Lf groups. Fecal character, fecal occult blood, hematochezia and disease activity index (DAI) were recorded daily. The length of the colon was measured and histological scores were evaluated 28 days post-treatment. Myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity was also determined and the expression of interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were measured by quantitative (q)PCR. Lf relieved the inflammatory condition of DSS-induced experimental colitis in mice. The DAI and histological scores of Lf-treated mice were lower compared with those of mice in the control group. The length of the colon of Lf-treated mice was longer compared with that of mice in the control group. Treatment with Lf decreased MPO activity and the expression levels of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha. In addition, Lf was found to promote beneficial effects in a mouse model of experimental colitis. Treatment with apo-Lf was superior to that of holo-Lf in the mouse model of DSS-induced experimental colitis. Supplemental therapy with apo-Lf may provide an important new tool in the clinical management of ulcerative colitis.
Efficacy and safety of celecoxib on the incidence of recurrent colorectal adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Celecoxib has previously been shown to be effective in reducing recurrent colorectal adenomas, but its long-term effects are unknown. In addition, safety issues are of major concern. Therefore, we examined the efficacy and safety of celecoxib as a chemopreventive agent along with its posttreatment effect.
A Rand wmined Trial on the Efficacy of Topical Anesthesia for Pain Reduction during Frame Placement for Gamma Knife Radiosurgery; Background/Aims: Frame application for gamma knife radiosurgery (GKR) may be perceived as painful by patients. This study was designed to assess the efficacy of EMLA (2.5% lidocaine/2.5% prilocaine) in pain reduction. Methods: This was a prospective, randomized, and controlled trial approved by our institutional review board. Fifty-four patients undergoing outpatient GKR were divided into EMLA and placebo groups. Prior to frame placement, EMLA/placebo was applied to the patient's forehead. A visual analog scale (VAS) was used to measure pain during 4 intervals: frontal injections, occipital injections, frontal screw insertion, and overall discomfort. This study was designed to observe a difference of 1.0 on the VAS at a power of 95%. Results: VAS for EMLA versus placebo for frontal injections (5.2 +/- 2.7 vs. 5.7 +/- 2.0, respectively; p < 0.45), back injections, (6.5 +/- 2.2 vs. 5.9 +/- 2.3, respectively; p < 0.30), frontal pins (4.6 +/- 2.7 vs. 4.6 +/- 2.2, respectively; p < 0.99), and overall discomfort (p < 0.29) were not significantly different. A comparison between back and frontal injections for EMLA (6.54 vs. 5.19, respectively; p < 0.16) and placebo (5.89 vs. 5.68, respectively; p < 0.69) showed no significant difference between group and location (p < 0.21). Conclusion: Application of EMLA did not significantly reduce pain when used preoperatively for frame fixation. EMLA is no longer used as part of our routine for patients undergoing GKR. (C) 2016 S. Karger AG, Basel
Effects of virginiamycin and monensin administered alone or together with <i>Megasphaera elsdenii</i> strain NCIMB 41125 on <i>in vitro</i> production of lactate and VFA and the effects of monensin and <i>M</i>. <i>elsdenii</i> strain NCIMB 41125 on health and performance of feedlot steers; Virginiamycin (VIR) and monensin (MON) are included in high concentrate diets to mitigate digestive disturbances and to increase performance of ruminants in intensive systems. Megasphaera elsdenii strain NCIMB 41125 (Me) rapidly utilises lactate in the rumen, thereby controlling ruminal pH and digestive disturbances. Me promotes butyrate and valerate production whereas VIR and MON promote propionate that is gluconeogenic and perceived to be more favourable to performance. The objective of the present study was to determine whether the ratio between VFA proportions is more favourable when VIR or MON is administered together with Me and whether their respective effects on health and performance are additive. Two studies of factorial design were conducted, one in vitro fermentation trial where VIR or MON was incubated in the absence of Me (Me-) or in the presence of Me (Me+), and one in vivo trial with steers where MON or Me was administered alone or together. In the in vitro trial VIR and MON were administered to the fermentation vessels in two concentrations, a low dose (0.125 mu g/mL) and a high dose (0375 mg/mL). Me was administered at 100 mu L/40 mL, supplying 2.5 x 10(5) cfu/mL. In the in vivo trial 224 Bonsmara steers were allocated to a finishing diet with 80 kg/ton roughage and 224 were allocated to a finishing diet with 20 kg/ton roughage. Within each diet 112 steers received MON (MONY) and 112 not (MONN) and 112 steers within each diet were dosed with Me (MeY) and 112 not (MeN). In the in vitro trial VIRMe- and MONMe- decreased gas production, whereas VIRMe+ and MONMe+ increased fermentation. VIRMe- and to a lesser extent MONMe- increased total bacterial counts, a result which was apparently due to stimulation of M. elsdenii numbers as determined by 16R DNA sequencing, although other lactate utilising bacteria could have contributed. Me+ reduced lactate and the reduction was more in VIRMe+ and MONMe+. Fermentation end products in Me+ favoured butyrate and valerate and VIRMe- and especially MONMe-, propionate. VIRMe+ and MONMe+ displayed the median. In the steer trial MONY decreased intake and improved feed conversion efficiency. MONY increased carcass gain and dressing percentage on the 80 kg/ton roughage diet but not the 20 kg/ton roughage diet. Rumen score on both diets was improved by MONY and liver score by MONYMeY on the 20 kg/ton roughage diet. Carcass weight was improved by MONNMeY on the 20 kg/ton roughage diet. Morbidity and mortality were not affected by MONY but were improved in the presence of Me (MeY). In general, the results suggest synergy between MON and Me. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Endometrial safety of low-dose vaginal estrogens in menopausal women: a systematic evidence review; Objective: The aim of the study was to systematically review studies that evaluated endometrial hyperplasia or cancer incidence with unopposed vaginal estrogens.
Plant foods, antioxidants, and prostate cancer risk: Findings from case-control studies in Canada; Epidemiological data on most cancer sites suggest that consumption of plant foods, which contain high levels of antioxidants, might slow or prevent the appearance of cancer. We used data from three case-control studies to test this hypothesis. The total study population consisted of 617 incident cases of prostate cancer and 636 population controls from Ontario, Quebec, and British Columbia. Dietary information was collected by an in-person interview with a detailed quantitative dietary history. Unconditional logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (Cls). A decreasing, statistically significant association was found with increasing intakes of green vegetables (OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.40-0.71 for 4th quartile), tomatoes (OR = 0.64, 95% CI = 0.45-091), beans/lentils/nuts (OR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.53-0.91), and cruciferous vegetables (OR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.52-091 for 3rd quartile). Higher intakes of fruit were associated with higher ORs (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.14-2.01 for 4th quartile), an effect that was seen for total fruit and citrus fruit, as well as for all other noncitrus fruits. Among the grains, refined-grain bread intake was associated with a decrease in risk (OR = 0.65 for 4th quartile), whereas whole-grain breakfast cereals were associated with a higher risk for prostate cancer. Of all the antioxidant nutrients studied the ORs were higher with higher intakes of cryptoxanthin (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.09-1.89 for 4th quartile). Exposure to certain dietary components of plant origin, which are potentially modifiable, indicates the theoretical scope for reducing the risk from prostate cancer Future experimental studies or trials are warranted for further understanding.
The Volume of Nipple Aspirate Fluid Is Not Affected by 6 Months of Treatment with Soy Foods in Premenopausal Women; Rased on the hypothesis that soy food consumption may influence breast tissue act vity, we examined its effect on the production of nipple aspirate fluid (NAF), a poss ble ndicator of breast cancer risk. Of 310 premenopausal women screened, 112 (36%) produced at least 10 mu of NAF, tie minimum for study participat on In a crossover des gn, we randomized 96 women to 2 groups who, in reverse order, consumed a high-soy diet with 2 soy servings/d (1 serving = 177 nil. soy milk, 260 tofu, or 230 soy nuts) and a low-soy diet with <3 servings/wk of soy for 6 mo each separated by a 1-mo washout: period During each diet period, 3 NAF samples were obtained (baseline and 3 and 6 mo) using a FirstCyte Asp rator and 4 urine samples (baseline and 1, 3, and 6 mo) were analyzed for isoflavono ds by liquid chromatography tandem MS. Adherence to the study protocol according to 24-h dietary recalls and urinary isoflavonoid excretion was high. The drop-out rate was 15% in = 141; 82 women completed the intervention. The 2 groups produced similar mean NAP volumes at baseline (P = 0.95) but differed in age ana previous soy intake and in their response to the intervention (P = 0.03). In both groups, NAF volume decreased during the first 3 mo of the high-soy diet period and returned to baseline at 6 mo, but there was no effect of the high-soy diet on NAF volume (P = 0.50 for deit; P-interaction = 0.21 or diet with time). Contrary to an earlier report, soy foods in amounts consumed by Asians did not increase breast tissue activity as assessed by NAF volume. J. Nutr. 141: 626-630, 2011.
Diet composition and serum levels of selenium species: A cross-sectional study; Selenium is a trace element of both nutritional and toxicological interest, depending on its dose and chemical form. Diet is the primary source of exposure for most individuals. We sought to investigate the influence of food intake on serum levels of selenium species.
An artificial neural network prediction model of congenital heart disease based on risk factors A hospital-based case-control study; An artificial neural network (ANN) model was developed to predict the risks of congenital heart disease (CHD) in pregnant women.
Lifestyle and specific dietary habits in the Italian population: focus on sugar intake and association with anthropometric parameters-the LIZ (Liquidi e Zuccheri nella popolazione Italiana) study; In order to collect information on food intake, lifestyle and health status of the Italian population, a random cohort of about 2000 adults was selected in collaboration with the Italian society of general practitioners' network (SIMG).
Doxorubicin, paclitaxel, and cisplatin based chemotherapy for the treatment of angiosarcoma: Two case reports; INTRODUCTION: Angiosarcoma is a rare soft tissue malignancy of endothelial cells, generally associated with a poor prognosis. Due to its rarity, randomized trials are difficult to conduct and a consensus on the treatment of angiosarcoma has not been reached. The role, efficacy, and timing of chemotherapy in AS treatment remain uncertain, and as stated, no large-scale trials have been able to establish definitive recommendations.
<i>Trans</i> fatty acids and blood lipids; Intake of trans-unsaturated fatty acids (TFA) has been consistently shown in multiple and rigorous randomized trials to have adverse effects on blood lipids, most notably on the LDL:HDL cholesterol ratio, which is a strong marker of cardiovascular risk. When a mixture of TFA isomers obtained by partial hydrogenation of vegetable oils is used to replace oleic acid, there is a dose-dependent increase in the LDL:HDL ratio. The relationship between amount of TFA as % of energy and the increase in the LDL:HDL ratio appears to be approximately linear, with no evidence of a threshold at low levels of intake, and with slope twice as steep as that observed by replacing oleic with saturated fats. The average impact of TFA induced changes in the LDL:HDL ratio correspond to tens of thousands premature deaths in the US alone. Although dramatic, this effect is substantially smaller than the increase in cardiovascular mortality associated with TFA intake in epidemiological studies, suggesting that other mechanisms are likely to contribute to the toxicity of TFA. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The colostrum composition of sheep fed with high-energy diets supplemented with chromium; The ewe's colostrum is an essential food for newborns because it helps them to improve their immune system in addition to providing nutrients for a few days after birth. It also increases the survival of the newborn in the first weeks of life, given that the ovine has a higher mortality rate in the initial 15 days of life. The rate of mortality can be reduced by providing sufficient good-quality colostrum at the right time. This study aimed to evaluate whether energy nutrition and chromium supplementation, during pregnancy and lactation, can alter sheep health parameters, colostrum quality parameters, birth and weaning weights, and mortality rate until lamb weaning time. Blood metabolites were analyzed to evaluate the influence of dietary energy on sheep health. The quality parameters of colostrum studied were immunoglobulin and antioxidants. The experiment was performed with 32 sheep, at the end of gestation (last 50 days) and lactation (60 days), in a completely randomized block design and distributed in three treatments: a diet with 2.24 Mcal of metabolizable energy (ME)/kg DM with corn starch (CTL), a diet with 2.46 Mcal of ME/kg DM with corn starch (ST), or a diet with 2.46 Mcal of ME/ kg DM with corn starch and chromium propionate (ST + Cr). Samples of blood and colostrum were collected before the parturition. There were no differences (P > 0.05) in dry matter intake (DMI), and blood levels of calcium, phosphorus, non-esterified fatty acids, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and insulin. A difference was found for the blood glucose in which the CTL group had a lower (P < 0.05) level than ST and ST + Cr diets. There were no differences (P > 0.05) in the blood concentrations of total protein, immunoglobulin G and M, lysozyme, lactoperoxidase, ceruloplasmin, superoxide dismutase (SOD), ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP), oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), latent iron-binding capacity (LIBC), total iron-binding capacity (TIBC), iron, lactotransferrin, and the lactotransferrin saturation index. The ST + CR diet provided the highest level of glutathione peroxidase (P < 0.05). We concluded that the 10% increase in energy in kg/DM of the diet did not significantly alter the content of immunoglobulins and antioxidants of colostrum, but improved the availability of energy to the ewe during the prepartum period by increasing the blood glucose level (P = 0.0235). The inclusion of chromium improved the quality of colostrum by increasing the concentration of glutathione peroxidase (P = 0.0280).
Dietary calcium intake, vitamin D levels, and breast cancer risk: a dose-response analysis of observational studies; Results from the recent meta-analysis suggested a favorable effect of dietary calcium and vitamin D levels on breast cancer risk. However, the relationship of dietary calcium and vitamin D levels with breast cancer risk is unclear. Thus, the dose-response relationship was assessed by restricted cubic spline model and multivariate random-effect meta-regression. Results suggested that women might suffer from the lowest risk of breast cancer with dietary calcium intake of about 600 mg/day, dietary vitamin D intake of about 400 IU/day, and serum vitamin D levels of about 30 ng/ml.
Randomized double-blind study of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy; Goals. Our goal was to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of the Reliefband as an adjunct to standard antiemetics in patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy. Patients and methods. Forty-nine adult cancer patients receiving moderately-high or highly emetogenic chemotherapy were randomized to receive either the active Reliefband (n=26) or an inactive device (n=23). Patients continued to receive all scheduled and as needed antiemetic agents as prescribed. The device was worn the day of chemotherapy administration for 5 days (days 1-5). Patients maintained a daily dairy of nausea severity, vomiting and retching episodes, and antiemetic medications taken. Each patient completed a Functional Living Index Emesis (FLIE) and a tolerability survey at the conclusion of the study. A Wilcoxon rank sum test was used to compare the number of vomiting episodes, severity of nausea and FLIE scores between the two groups. Main results. Patients wearing the active Relifband experienced less vomiting (Reliefband 1.9 versus inactive device 4.6 mean episodes; p=0.05), retching (1.4 versus 3.6 mean episodes; p=0.05), and nausea severity (0.91 versus 1.65 mean cm/day; p=0.01) over the 5-day period compared to patients wearing the inactive device. Vomiting was statistically significantly reduced during the delayed period (0.42 versus 1; p=0.032), whereas nausea was significantly reduced during the acute (0.71 versus 2.3; p=0.028) and delayed (1.8 versus 3.3; p=0.020) periods. FLIE scores did not differ between the two treatment groups (91 versus 80; p=0.088). Conclusions. This study suggests that patients receiving moderately-high to highly emetogenic chemotherapy who experience nausea and vomiting despite scheduled antiemetics may benefit from the use of the Reliefband as an adjunct to antiemetics. Limitations of this study include differences in risk factors for emesis, chemotherapy, and antiemetic regimens. A larger, better, controlled randomized study is needed to better define optimal use of this device.
Should dietary salt restriction be a basic component of antihypertensive therapy?; The general intake of salt (sodium chloride) is much higher than the recommended allowances, in part because of added salt in food industry processed food. However, population studies have not been able to show an association between salt intake and unfavorable health outcome.
Calcium supplements for the prevention of colorectal adenomas; Background and Methods Laboratory, clinical, and epidemiologic evidence suggests that calcium may help prevent colorectal adenomas. We conducted a randomized, double-blind trial of the effect of supplementation with calcium carbonate on the recurrence of colorectal adenomas. We randomly assigned 930 subjects (mean age, 61 years; 72 percent men) with a recent history of colorectal adenomas to receive either calcium carbonate (3 g [1200 mg of elemental calcium] dairy) or placebo, with follow-up colonoscopies one and four years after the qualifying examination. The primary end point was the proportion of subjects in whom at least one adenoma was detected after the first follow-up endoscopy but up to (and including) the second follow-up examination. Risk ratios for the recurrence of adenomas were adjusted for age, sex, lifetime number of adenomas before the study, clinical center, and length of the surveillance period.
No. 349-Substance Use in Pregnancy; Objectives: To improve awareness and knowledge of problematic substance use in pregnancy and to provide evidence-based recommendations for the management of this challenging clinical issue for all health care providers.
A randomised phase II trial and feasibility study of palliative chemotherapy in frail or elderly patients with advanced gastroesophageal cancer (321GO); Background: Elderly patients are commonly under-represented in cancer clinical trials. The 321GO was undertaken in preparation for a definitive phase three trial assessing different chemotherapy regimens in a frail and/or elderly population with advanced gastroesophageal (GO) cancer.
Early brain magnetic resonance imaging can predict short and long-term outcomes after organophosphate poisoning in a rat model; Introduction: Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is a sensitive modality for demonstrating in vivo alterations in brain structure and function after acute organophosphate (OP) poisoning. The goals of this study were to explore early imaging findings in organophosphate-poisoned animals, to assess the efficacy of centrally acting antidotes and to find whether early MR findings can predict post-poisoning cognitive dysfunction.
Development and evaluation of vaccine against <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> recovered from naturally occurring mastitis in she-camels; The predominant Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus), an etiological agent of camel mastitis is becoming drug resistant that invites prevention and control strategies. Vaccine production would have a valuable impact on public health. Therefore, in present study, inactivated vaccine with different adjuvants was prepared and evaluated against S. aureus. The vaccinal isolate recovered from camel subclinical mastitis was coagulase positive (PCR based), having expressed pseudocapsule, holding alpha-beta hemolysin characteristics, and multiple drug resistant. Inactivated alum precipitated S. aureus vaccine (APSV) and oil adjuvant S. aureus vaccine (OASV) were prepared after confirming its antigenicity in rabbits. Three groups of rabbits were randomly inoculated with APSV, OASV, and placebo (Unvaccinated, UV). Each group was further divided into two groups based on single and booster dose inoculation. Booster dose of vaccines in rabbits at day 15th of primary inoculation was given. Serum samples were taken on 15, 30, 45 and 60 days of primary inoculation from all rabbits. Analysis of variance was applied to compare geometric mean titer (GMT) of three groups, while t-test was applied to estimate the difference between single and booster dose response. The study found 10(10) CFU/mL S. aureus as standard bacterial load for vaccines with higher and sustained antigenicity. The vaccines were safe from morbidity and mortality, and proved effective and stable for 7 and 4 months at 25 degrees C and 37 degrees C, respectively. The OASV produced significantly (p < 0.05) higher immune response followed by APSV throughout trial. The highest GMT by APSV and OASV vaccines with single dose inoculation was 37.92 and 69.92 at day 45th post primary inoculation, respectively. Similarly, 59.20 and 142.40 GMTs were noted with booster dose in case of APSV and OASV, respectively. The booster dose presented significantly (p < 0.05) higher GMT than that of single dose inoculation of vaccines. The study concluded APSV and OASV safe, effective, and stable with significant immunogenic results in experimental rabbits.
Overall treatment success after treatment of primary superficial basal cell carcinoma: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized and nonrandomized trials; Background Several noninvasive treatment modalities are available for superficial basal cell carcinoma (sBCC).
Effects of nutritional status on acetaminophen measurement and exposure; Introduction: Fasting, as well as a high-fat diet, might increase the risk on acetaminophen-induced toxicity after an acute overdose. Therefore, it has been suggested to lower the threshold for acetylcysteine treatment to prevent liver injury in case of fasting. This study aims to investigate the effects of 36 hours of fasting and three days of a hypercaloric high-fat diet on acetaminophen measurement and exposure. Methods: Nine healthy male subjects were enrolled in a randomized crossover intervention study. Subjects received 1000mg oral acetaminophen after an overnight fast following: (1) regular diet,(2) 36h of fasting and (3) three days of a hypercaloric high-fat diet consisting of 500ml of cream (1715 kcal) supplemented to their regular diet. Pharmacokinetic parameters were determined by non-compartmental analysis. Samples were analyzed by an enzymatic colorimetric method used in routine practice and by LC-MS/MS being the gold standard. Agreement between these methods was assessed by the Bland-Altman method. Results: Short-term fasting increased acetaminophen exposure by 20% (Delta AUC0-8 hours, p = .04) in comparison with the control diet. Three days of hypercaloric high-fat diet did not affect acetaminophen exposure (Delta AUC(0-8) hours= 9%, p = .67). The intraclass correlation coefficient between the enzymatic assay and LC-MS/MS methods of the fasting samples was 0.46 (0.28-0.61), compared to 0.87 (0.81-0.92) and 0.87 (0.79-0.91) in the control and high-fat samples respectively. Conclusions: Short-term fasting increases acetaminophen exposure in healthy subjects, whereas no effect is observed after a high-fat diet. Furthermore, short-term fasting decreases the accuracy of the enzymatic colorimetric method when measuring relatively low acetaminophen concentrations. This suggests considering nutritional status when assessing the risk of acetaminophen-induced toxicity, although further research at toxic doses is needed.
Typical breakfast food consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in a large sample of Italian adults; Background and aims: The overall consumption of foods most frequently consumed in a typical Italian breakfast might be associated with a better cardiovascular risk profile in Italian adults.
Nutritional treatment with an immune-modulating enteral formula alleviates 5-fluorouracil-induced adverse effects in rats; Cancer chemotherapy is frequently accompanied by adverse effects, such as diarrhoea and leukopenia, which lead to malnutrition and a decrease in the patients' quality of life. We previously demonstrated that an immune-modulating formula (IMF)-an enteral formula enriched with immunonutrients, whey-hydrolysed peptides, and fermented milk-had anti-inflammatory effects and protective effects on intestinal disorders in some experimental models. Here, we investigated whether nutritional treatment with the IMF could prevent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-induced adverse effects in rats. Rats were randomised into CTR and IMF groups, which received a control formula or the IMD supplemented formula ad libitum. Two weeks after starting the formula, rats were intraperitoneally injected with 5-FU (300 mg/kg) on day 0. The treatment with 5-FU decreased their body weights, food intake, and leukocyte counts, and worsened the diarrhoea score. However, the body weights, food intake, and leukocyte counts were significantly higher in the IMF rats than in the CTR rats on day 1. The IMF also delayed the incidence of diarrhoea and significantly preserved the villus heights in the jejunum on day 2. In conclusion, nutritional treatment with the IMF alleviated the adverse effects induced by 5-FU injection in rats.
Short incubation with methyl aminolevulinate for photodynamic therapy of actinic keratoses; Photodynamic therapy (PDT) using methyl aminolevulinate (MAL) is an effective first-line treatment for actinic keratoses. A reduced incubation period may have practical advantages.
Mastectomy in cattle: Comparison of four surgical techniques; Bovine gangrenous mastitis is an acute or peracute condition involving 1 or more quarters of the cows udder. It occurs infrequently, but mortality is high. It has been claimed that the ligation of the mammary vessels retards systemic absorption of toxins produced in the gangrenous tissue mass, and it greatly hastens sloughing of affected tissues and therefore total healing time is subsequently reduced. This study was arranged to compare the ligation method with other methods of mastectomy. 18 cows were randomly divided into four groups, and using local anaesthesia method, four surgical techniques were performed and compared as follows: In the group 1, the external pudendal artery and vein on either side were ligated and transected. The external pudendal artery and vein, perineal artery and vein and the milk vein were ligated and transected, in group 2. Complete mastectomy was performed with the cows in dorsal recumbency in group 3. In the group 4 the external pudendal artery and vein were ligated similarly to the first group and complete mastectomy was performed 8 +/- 2 days later similarly to the third group. Following the operation the animals were under close observation and daily clinical assessment. The results indicated that: the mammary tissue did not slough in any cases of the group 1 except sloughing of a piece of skin (25x10 cm) on the right lateral aspect of mammary gland in one cow. In the group 2 with ligation of all mammary vessels, only in one case the mammary skin on either side of the gland was sloughed which was regenerated later. Two cows from group 3 died 15 days following the operation due to uncontrollable infection of the surgical site. Group 4 which had ligation of vessels first and mastectomy later; due to development of collateral circulation from the rectus abdominis muscle and enlargement of perineal arteries showed severe haemorrhage during operation and had longer operative time compared to the simple mastectomy group. Due to prolonged operative time, one cow from this group developed permanent left radial nerve paralysis and downer cow syndrome and one cow died a day later due to severe blood loss. Therefore it was concluded that ligation of vessels of the mammary gland is not helpful either for sloughing of mammary tissue or reduction of mammary circulation. Complete mastectomy is recommended in exceptional circumstances following conservative therapy with the animals in good physical conditions.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and occupational history - A pilot case-control study; Objective: To assess the association of a number of occupational and industrial exposures with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
Use of some nutritional supplements in drinking water of growing turkeys during 1st month of age and their effect on performance, meat quality, blood profile and antioxidant status; The management practices implemented by the poultry sector as using some nutritional additives in the early stage of a bird's life can potentially detect other challenges to production development in the poultry farms. Many potential supplements can be included in the early feeding as which are added to drinking water. In this study, 180 1-day-old chicks were randomly distributed into six groups to investigate the use of some nutritional supplements in drinking water of growing turkeys during 1st month of age and their effect on growth performance, carcass traits, meat quality, leg problems, blood profile and oxidative status. Birds that were supplied with tap water were considered the control group (C), whereas the birds that received the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th treatments (T1, T2, T3, T4 and T5, respectively) were supplied with drinking water containing 10% sugar syrup, molasses, lemon juice, skim milk and fresh egg albumin respectively. The different water additives significantly (p < 0.05) affected the body weight (BW) and body weight gain (BWG) at all studied ages except for the BW at 4 weeks old and BWG at 0-4 weeks old and 8-12 weeks old. Significant effects of the treatments on the feed consumption (FC) and feed conversion ratio (FCR) were not observed during the experiment, and the treatments did not cause significant differences (p < 0.05) in the carcass cut-up traits, bone measurements, body temperature, plumage conditions, mortality rates and blood parameters except for IgA (p = 0.043). The activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) was improved in the treatment groups with 10% molasses and lemon juice respectively. The total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) and catalase (CAT) activities were enhanced in the treatments compared with the control group. The plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) levels were decreased with the sugar syrup, molasses and lemon juice treatments compared with those in the control and other groups. Supplementation of molasses or lemon juice to drinking water of turkeys during the 1st month of age resulted in a higher profit margin in comparison with the control group. The results showed that birds supplied with water containing 10% molasses or lemon juice during the growing period presented an improved growth performance, immune response, antioxidant status and economic efficiency.
The Efficacy and Safety of Jaungo, a Traditional Medicinal Ointment, in Preventing Radiation Dermatitis in Patients with Breast Cancer: A Prospective, Single-Blinded, Randomized Pilot Study; Purpose. This study was performed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Jaungo in preventing radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer. Methods. Thirty patients were prospectively enrolled and randomly assigned to receive Jaungo or general supportive skin care. Radiation dermatitis and pain were examined at daily intervals from the start of radiotherapy until 4 weeks after its completion. The primary endpoint of this study was the incidence of radiation dermatitis. The secondary endpoints were time to onset of radiation dermatitis, duration of radiation dermatitis, and maximum pain score. Results. Jaungo reduced the incidence of grade >= 2 (46.7% versus 78.6%) and grade 3 radiation dermatitis (20.0% versus 50.0%) in comparison with general supportive skin care. Jaungo also delayed the onset of grade 2 dermatitis (35 days versus 30 days). In terms of time to onset of grade 3 dermatitis, duration of dermatitis, and maximumpain score, Jaungo showed results comparable to those achieved with general supportive skin care. No patients experienced adverse effects caused by Jaungo administration. Conclusions. Jaungo minimized radiation dermatitis in patients with breast cancer without causing adverse effects. Further randomized studies with a larger sample size are required to assess clinical use of Jaungo.
Effects of Nitrogen fertilisation and regrowth period on fatty acid concentrations in perennial ryegrass (<i>Lolium perenne</i> L.); Information on lipids in forages is scarce, and effects of nitrogen (N) application level and regrowth period on the fatty acid (FA) concentration and composition of perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L.) were studied. N was applied at 0, 45 and 100 kg ha(-1), and swards were Cut after various regrowth periods, resulting in six treatments designed as randomised blocks with three replicates. The stages of development ranged from vegetative to elongating swards, with herbage yield levels from 1.9 to 4.2 t dry matter (DM) ha(-1). Concentrations of individual FA were determined by gas chromatography, and canopy characteristics and herbage quality were assessed. The treatments resulted in canopies With contrasting DM yields and protein concentrations. Five FAs, representing 98% of total FAs, were Studied in detail. On an average, the concentration of these major FAs in fresh grass was 15.1 g kg(-1) DM, and 69% of the major FAs consisted of C18:3. Regrowth period affected (P < 0.05) the total FA concentration, and significantly (P < 0.01) lower concentrations of C 18:3 and C 16:1 were found after a longer period of regrowth. N application resulted in higher (P < 0.001) concentrations of all FAs. The FA composition was not affected by N application, but a longer regrowth period significantly (P < 0.001) decreased the proportion of C18:3 and increased those of C18:2 and C16:0. A strong, positive overall linear relation was found between the concentrations of total FAs and C18:3 with the crude protein concentration in the herbage. These studies demonstrate opportunities to affect the FA concentration and composition of FA in herbage through management strategies, which Could affect milk FA composition.
A Conservative Combined Laser Cryoimmunotherapy Treatment vs. Surgical Excision for Basal Cell Carcinoma; Surgical excision is the standard treatment for basal cell carcinoma (BCC), but it can be challenging in elderly patients and patients with comorbidities. The non-surgical guidelines procedures are usually regarded as monotherapy options. This quasi-experimental, non-randomized, comparative effectiveness study aims to evaluate the efficacy of a combined, conservative, non-surgical BCC treatment, and compare it to standard surgical excision. Patients with primary, non-ulcerated, histopathologically confirmed BCCs were divided into a conservative treatment (129 patients) and a standard surgery subgroup (50 patients). The conservative treatment consisted of ablative CO2 laser, cryosurgery, topical occlusive 5-fluorouracil, and imiquimod. The follow-up examinations were performed 3 months after remission, then every 3 to 6 months, and were extended with telephone follow-ups. Cosmetic-self assessment was recorded during a telephone follow-up. Subjects from the conservative subgroup presented a clearance rate of 99.11%, and a recurrence rate of 0.98%. No recurrences were recorded in the surgical group, nor during the telephone follow-up. There were no differences regarding adverse events (p > 0.05). A superior self-assessment cosmetic outcome was obtained using the conservative method (p < 0.001). This conservative treatment is suitable for elders and patients with comorbidities, is not inferior to surgery in terms of clearance, relapses, or local adverse events, and displays superior cosmetic outcomes.
STING agonists enable antiviral cross-talk between human cells and confer protection against genital herpes in mice; In recent years, there has been an increasing interest in immunomodulatory therapy as a means to treat various conditions, including infectious diseases. For instance, Toll-like receptor (TLR) agonists have been evaluated for treatment of genital herpes. However, although the TLR7 agonist imiquimod was shown to have antiviral activity in individual patients, no significant effects were observed in clinical trials, and the compound also exhibited significant side effects, including local inflammation. Cytosolic DNA is detected by the enzyme cyclic GMP-AMP (2'3'-cGAMP) synthase (cGAS) to stimulate antiviral pathways, mainly through induction of type I interferon (IFN)s. cGAS is activated upon DNA binding to produce the cyclic dinucleotide (CDN) 2'3'-cGAMP, which in turn binds and activates the adaptor protein Stimulator of interferon genes (STING), thus triggering type I IFN expression. In contrast to TLRs, STING is expressed broadly, including in epithelial cells. Here we report that natural and non-natural STING agonists strongly induce type I IFNs in human cells and in mice in vivo, without stimulating significant inflammatory gene expression. Systemic treatment with 2'3'-cGAMP reduced genital herpes simplex virus (HSV) 2 replication and improved the clinical outcome of infection. More importantly, local application of CDNs at the genital epithelial surface gave rise to local IFN activity, but only limited systemic responses, and this treatment conferred total protection against disease in both immunocompetent and immunocompromised mice. In direct comparison between CDNs and TLR agonists, only CDNs acted directly on epithelial cells, hence allowing a more rapid and IFN-focused immune response in the vaginal epithelium. Thus, specific activation of the STING pathway in the vagina evokes induction of the IFN system but limited inflammatory responses to allow control of HSV2 infections in vivo.
Food sources of fructose-containing sugars and glycaemic control: systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled intervention studies; OBJECTIVE
Efficacy and safety of probiotics as adjuvant agents for <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> infection: A meta-analysis; The aim of the present study was to determine whether probiotics could help to improve the eradication rates and reduce the side effects associated with anti-Helicobacter pylori treatment, and to investigate the optimal time and duration of probiotic administration during the treatment, thus providing clinical practice guidelines for eradication success worldwide. By searching Pubmed, Embase, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and the Science Citation Index, all the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing probiotics as adjuvant agents of anti-H.pylori standard triple-therapy regimens with placebo or no treatment were selected. Statistical analysis was performed with the Comprehensive Meta Analysis Software. Subgroup, meta-regression and sensitivity analyses were also carried out. Twenty-one RCTs involving a total of 3,814 participants met the inclusion criteria. The pooled eradication rates of the probiotic group were 80.3% (1,709/2,128) by intention-to-treat (ITT) and 83.8% (1,709/2,039) by pro-protocol analyses; the pooled relative risk (RR) by ITT for probiotic supplementation versus treatment without probiotics was 1.12 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.06-1.19]. A reduced risk of overall H. pylori therapy-related adverse effects was also found with probiotic supplementation (RR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.40-0.91). The subgroup analyses showed that probiotic supplementation prior and subsequent to the treatment regimen both improved eradication rates for H. pylori infection. Furthermore, probiotic treatment lasting >2 weeks and including Lactobacillus or multiple probiotic strains significantly enhanced the efficacy. In conclusion, supplementation with probiotics for H. pylori eradication may be effective in increasing eradication rates and decreasing therapy-related side effects. Probiotic administration prior or subsequent to therapy and for a duration of >2 weeks may increase the eradication efficacy.
IN-VITRO KARYOTYPE EVOLUTION AND CYTOGENETIC INSTABILITY IN THE NONTUMORIGENIC HUMAN BREAST EPITHELIAL-CELL LINE HMT-3522; The ''spontaneously'' immortalized cell line HMT-3522, derived from a fibrocystic breast lesion, is used as a model for premalignant breast epithelium. During 205 passages the cytogenetic evolution was followed. The results were compared with our earlier results on oncogene expression and growth factor requirements. During in vitro growth, gain and loss of markers, loss of normal chromosomes, and duplication of the chromosome complement could be demonstrated. The variability increased during in vitro growth. This variability, probably created randomly, leads to cells with different growth capacities, from which sidelines may be selected and become stemlines. The karyotypic evolution (including polyploidization) demonstrated here may be a result of genetic instability and heterogeneity. Although tumorigenicity was not achieved, either due to lack of cancer-specific gene alterations or to lack of proper selection pressure, the results suggest an ongoing process towards malignancy.
Vitamin D, calcium supplementation, and colorectal adenomas: Results of a randomized trial; Background: Calcium and vitamin D both appear to have antineoplastic effects in the large bowel. Although these nutrients are inter-related metabolically in bone and in the normal intestine, their potential interactions in large-bowel carcinogenesis are not well understood. Methods: We assessed independent and joint effects of calcium supplementation and vitamin D status on adenoma recurrence in 803 subjects in a multi-center, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial of calcium supplementation for the prevention of colorectal adenoma recurrence. Serum levels of 25-hydroxy [25-(OH)] vitamin D and 1,25-dihydroxy [1,25(OH)(2)] vitamin D levels were determined, and the Taq I and Fok I polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction. Risk ratios (RRs) for any adenoma recurrence were computed for calcium supplementation within groups defined by serum vitamin D levels and for serum vitamin D levels within treatment groups. Associations of VDR polymorphisms with recurrence risk were also evaluated. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Among subjects with baseline 25-(OH) vitamin D levels at or below the median (29.1 ng/mL), calcium supplementation was not associated with adenoma recurrence, whereas among those with levels above the median, calcium supplementation was associated with a reduced risk (RR = 0.71, 95 % confidence interval [CI] = 0.57 to 0.89, P for interaction = .012). Conversely, serum 25-(OH) vitamin D levels were associated with a reduced risk only among subjects receiving calcium supplements (RR per 12 ng/mL increase of vitamin D = 0.88, 95% CI = 0.77 to 0.99, P for interaction = .006). VDR polymorphisms were not related to adenoma recurrence and did not modify the associations with vitamin D or calcium. Conclusions: Calcium supplementation and vitamin D status appear to act largely together, not separately, to reduce the risk of colorectal adenoma recurrence. VDR genotype does not appear to be associated with risk.
EFFECT OF ORALLY-ADMINISTERED PILOCARPINE ON SERUM ENZYMES, ORGAN WEIGHTS AND HISTOPATHOLOGY IN MEADOW VOLES; Fifteen mature meadow voles (Microtus pennsylvanicus) were assigned to each of four diets: 1) basal; 2) basal + .001% pilocarpine (PLCN); 3) basal + .01% PLCN; 4) basal + .10% PLCN in a completely randomized design to measure the effect of PLCN on liver, kidney and parotid gland histopathology and feed intake. Meadow voles were fed each treatment for 14 d prior to euthanasia. Serum glutamic oxaloacetate transaminase, glutamic pyruvate transaminase and alkaline phosphatase levels were  unaffected by dietary PLCN. Liver fresh weight tended to decrease with PLCN treatment, but kidney weight was not consistently affected. Parotid gland fresh weight decreased by 31% as the dietary level of PLCN increased from 0 to .10%. One of 15 voles on the control treatment died. Twelve of the remaining 14 voles showed no histopathological changes in the organs studied, but one showed segmental cystic dilation of some convoluted tubules and one showed chronic cortical interstitial nephritis. One vole of the 15 on the .001% PLCN treatment died. Eleven of the 14 remaining voles showed no histopathological changes in the organs studied, while two voles showed segmental cystic dilation of some convoluted tubules and one showed slight hydropic degeneration of hepatocytes. There was no mortality among voles fed .01% PLCN. Nine of the 15 voles showed no histopathological changes in the organs, while four showed slight hydropic degeneration of hepatocytes and one showed segmental cystic  dilation of some convoluted tubules. Three of 15 voles died while fed .10% PLCN. The remaining 12 voles showed no histopathological changes in the above-mentioned organs, although three voles showed slight hydropic degeneration of hepatocytes.
RETRACTED: A meta-analysis of treatment effects of imiquimod for basal cell carcinoma (Retracted Article); Objective We conducted this meta-analysis to assess the efficacy and safety of imiquimod in comparison with other treatments in patients with BCC. Methods A comprehensive literature search was performed in the database of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science. Outcomes of interest included histological/composite clearance rate, success rate, complete response rate, tumor free survival, and adverse events. Pooled risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using a fixed-effects or random-effects model were determined for each outcome. Results A total of 13 studies involving 4256 patients were identified. Imiquimod was associated with significantly higher histological clearance rate (RR = 9.28, 95%CI: 5.56, 15.49; P < .001) and composite clearance rate (RR = 34.24, 95%CI: 21.29, 55.06; P = .001). Moreover, imiquimod also significantly increased complete response rate (RR = 3.15, 95%CI: 1.55, 6.38; P = .001) but had no effect in the success rate (RR = 0.98, 95%CI: 0.89, 1.08; P = .727) and probability of tumor-free survival (RR = 1.15, 95%CI: 0.98, 1.35; P = .088), as compared with other treatments. There were more patients in imiquimod group who developed adverse events than in other treatment group (RR = 2.00, 95%CI: 1.39, 2.88; P < .001). Conclusion This study indicated the effects of imiquimod in improving the histological/composite clearance rates as compared with other treatments. However, its treatment-related adverse events also should be noticed. Our findings supported that, imiquimod could be used as the first-choice treatment for BCC.
Current issues surrounding the definition of <i>trans</i>-fatty acids: implications for health, industry and food labels; The definition of trans-fatty acids (TFA) was established by the Codex Alimentarius to guide nutritional and legislative regulations to reduce TFA consumption. Currently, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is excluded from the TFA definition based on evidence (primarily preclinical studies) implying health benefits on weight management and cancer prevention. While the efficacy of CLA supplements remains inconsistent in randomised clinical trials, evidence has emerged to associate supplemental CLA with negative health outcomes, including increased subclinical inflammation and oxidative stress (particularly at high doses). This has resulted in concerns regarding the correctness of excluding CLA from the TFA definition. Here we review recent clinical and preclinical literature on health implications of CLA and ruminant TFA, and highlight several issues surrounding the current Codex definition of TFA and how it may influence interpretation for public health. We find that CLA derived from ruminant foods differ from commercial CLA supplements in their isomer composition/distribution, consumption level and bioactivity. We conclude that health concerns associated with the use of supplemental CLA do not repudiate the exclusion of all forms of CLA from the Codex TFA definition, particularly when using the definition for food-related purposes. Given the emerging differential bioactivity of TFA from industrial v. ruminant sources, we advocate that regional nutrition guidelines/policies should focus on eliminating industrial forms of trans-fat from processed foods as opposed to all TFA per se.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of <i>Listeria monocytogenes</i> isolated from human and non-human sources: the antibiotic susceptibility aspect; Listeria monocytogenes causes listeriosis with a high mortality rate. This study systematically reviewed the antibiotic susceptibility of L. monocytogenes in the world. A literature search was done and the data of 33 studies that matched with the inclusion criteria, were used for meta-analysis. The random-effect model meta-analysis was applied to determine the frequency of overall L. monocytogenes and its antibiotic non -sensitive isolates. The frequency of L. monocytogenes contamination in non-human sources was 10.3%. The most frequent serotypes were 4b and 4ab in human and non-human isolates, respectively. The resistance of L. monocytogenes isolates to the first-line antibiotics namely penicillin, ampicillin/amoxicillin, gentamicin, and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole has been increased in recent years. Altogether, the results indicated a concern for the antibiotic resistance in L. monocytogenes isolates over time. The implement of the registry and surveillance systems is required to improve the insight of L. monocytogenes antibiotic susceptibility and its treatment choices. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factors in older coloured South Africans; A cross-sectional analytical study was undertaken to investigate the macronutrient intake and cardiovascular risk factor profile of community-dwelling older coloured (mixed descent) South Africans, A sample of 200 subjects aged 65 years and above in Cape Town was randomly drawn using a two-stage cluster design, Trained fieldworkers interviewed subjects to obtain demographic, dietary and life-style data, to draw fasting blood samples for the analysis of plasma lipids, and to take anthropometric measurements. Nutrient intake was assessed using a validated quantified food frequency questionnaire, Blood pressure was measured according to the guidelines of the American Heart Association, The mean daily energy intake was 7 984 (3 245) kJ and 6 979 (2219) kJ for men and women, respectively, Twenty-nine per cent of the subjects had energy intakes less than two-thirds of the RDA, Dietary fat intake comprised 32.4% of total energy intake, which is in line with the prudent dietary guidelines, The inadequate fibre intake (mean = 17(8) g/day) was attributed to the low consumption of fruit and vegetables, Anthropometric assessment indicated that the women tended towards overnutrition, while the men appeared to be undernourished, Lipid profiles fell within the lower end of the moderate risk band for cardiovascular disease and a high prevalence of hypertension (71.7%) was identified, The survey findings indicate a need for health promotion activities to encourage increased physical activity levels and an increased consumption of vegetables, fruit, wholegrain cereals and low fat dairy products in this population.
Pro-vegetarian food patterns and cardiometabolic risk in the PREDIMED-Plus study: a cross-sectional baseline analysis; Purpose We explored the cross-sectional association between the adherence to three different provegetarian (PVG) food patterns defined as general (gPVG), healthful (hPVG) and unhealthful (uPVG), and the cardiometabolic risk in adults with metabolic syndrome (MetS) of the PREDIMED-Plus randomized intervention study. Methods We performed a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from 6439 participants of the PREDIMED-Plus randomized intervention study. The gPVG food pattern was built by positively scoring plant foods (vegetables/fruits/legumes/grains/potatoes/nuts/olive oil) and negatively scoring, animal foods (meat and meat products/animal fats/eggs/fish and seafood/dairy products). The hPVG and uPVG were generated from the gPVG by adding four new food groups (tea and coffee/fruit juices/sugar-sweetened beverages/sweets and desserts), splitting grains and potatoes and scoring them differently. Multivariable-adjusted robust linear regression using MM-type estimator was used to assess the association between PVG food patterns and the standardized Metabolic Syndrome score (MetS z-score), a composed index that has been previously used to ascertain the cardiometabolic risk, adjusting for potential confounders. Results A higher adherence to the gPVG and hPVG was associated with lower cardiometabolic risk in multivariable models. The regression coefficients for 5th vs. 1st quintile were - 0.16 (95% CI: - 0.33 to 0.01) for gPVG (p trend: 0.015), and - 0.23 (95% CI: - 0.41 to - 0.05) for hPVG (p trend: 0.016). In contrast, a higher adherence to the uPVG was associated with higher cardiometabolic risk, 0.21 (95% CI: 0.04 to 0.38) (p trend: 0.019). Conclusion Higher adherence to gPVG and hPVG food patterns was generally associated with lower cardiovascular risk, whereas higher adherence to uPVG was associated to higher cardiovascular risk.
CONCLUSION ON PESTICIDE PEER REVIEW Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance 2-phenylphenol (Question No EFSA-Q-2008-392) Issued on 19 December 2008; 2-Phenylphenol is one of the 295 substances of the fourth stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 2229/2004,(2) as amended by Regulation (EC) No 1095/2007.(3) This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise upon request of the EU-Commission a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acids on immune, health and growth variables in veal calves; Under the present intensive rearing conditions, calves face a series of stressors and multiple pathogens often necessitating antimicrobial use. Multiple feed additives are currently explored for their ability to prevent disease and limit the use of antimicrobials. Supplementation of the polyunsaturated long chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docohexaenoic (DHA) from marine origin has been proposed as a strategy to improve immune function and prevent excessive inflammation reactions.
The whey fermentation product malleable protein matrix decreases TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised placebo-controlled trial; Animal and human studies suggest that a malleable protein matrix (MPM) from whey decreases plasma lipid concentrations and may positively influence other components of the metabolic syndrome such as glucose metabolism and blood pressure (BP). The primary objective of this double-blind, multi-centre trial was to investigate the effects of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM on fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome. A total of 197 patients were randomised to receive MPM or a matching placebo yoghurt identical in protein content (15 g/d). Patients were treated during 3 months with two daily servings of 150 g yoghurt each to compare changes from baseline in efficacy variables. MPM treatment resulted in a significantly larger reduction of TAG concentrations in comparison to placebo (relative change -16%, P=0.004). The difference was even more pronounced in subjects with elevated fasting TAG (>200 mg/dl) at baseline (-18%, P=0.005). The relative treatment difference in fasting plasma glucose was -7.1 mg/dl (P=0.089). This effect was also more pronounced in subjects with impaired fasting glucose at baseline (-11 mg/dl, P=0.03). In patients with hypertension, the relative treatment difference in systolic BP reached -5.9 mmHg (P=0.054). The relative treatment difference in body weight was -1.7 kg (P=0.015). The most common adverse events were gastrointestinal in nature. Conclusions from the present study are that consumption of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with whey MPM twice a day over 3 months significantly reduces fasting TAG concentrations in patients with the metabolic syndrome and improves multiple other cardiovascular risk factors.
Associations of circulating and dietary vitamin D with prostate cancer risk: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis; Objective We systematically reviewed and meta-analyzed literature examining associations of vitamin D (dietary intake, circulating 25-hydroxy-vitamin-D (25(OH) D), and 1,25-dihydroxy-vitamin-D (1,25(OH)(2)D) concentrations) with prostate cancer.
Topical corticosteroid therapy for the prevention of acute radiation dermatitis: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Acute radiation dermatitis (ARD) is a common side effect of radiation therapy and is characterized by erythema, dry desquamation or moist desquamation. This wet desquamation is a very painful condition for the patient and often leads to interruption of radiotherapy. The objective of this article is to assess the efficacy of topical corticosteroids in the prevention of ARD compared with placebo, other topical medication or no treatment. The prophylactic application of topical corticosteroid among patients undergoing radiotherapy appears to significantly reduce the incidence of ARD, specifically moist desquamation, compared with other treatments. Future trials with a more standardized measure of radiation dermatitis grading are recommended. Further research may also be conducted to determine if a mildly potent, midpotent or super potent topical steroid will be more effective in preventing ARD.
Supplementation with Brazil nuts and green tea extract regulates targeted biomarkers related to colorectal cancer risk in humans; Se and green tea have been shown in epidemiological, observational and preclinical studies to be inversely related to the risk of developing colorectal cancer (CRC). However, there are limited studies to evaluate their regulatory effects on genes/proteins that relate to CRC oncogenesis in human subjects, such as selenoproteins, WNT signalling pathway, inflammation and methylation. This study examined the effects of supplementation of Se using Brazil nuts and green tea extract (GTE) capsules, alone and in combination, on targeted biomarkers. In total, thirty-two volunteers (>50 years of age) with plasma Se <= 1.36 mu mol/l were randomised to one of three treatment groups: nine to Se (approximately 48 mu g/d) as six Brazil nuts, eleven to four GTE capsules (800mg (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate) and twelve to a combination of Brazil nuts and GTE. Blood and rectal biopsies were obtained before and after each intervention. Plasma Se levels, rectal selenoprotein P (SePP) and beta-catenin mRNA increased significantly in subjects consuming Brazil nuts alone or in combination, whereas rectal DNA methyltransferase (DNMT1) and NF-kappa B mRNA were reduced significantly in subjects consuming GTE alone or in combination. None of the interventions significantly affected rectal acetylated histone H3 or Ki-67 expression at the protein level or plasma C-reactive protein. Effects of the combination of Brazil nuts and GTE did not differ from what would be expected from either agent alone. In conclusion, supplementation of Brazil nuts and/or GTE regulates targeted biomarkers related to CRC oncogenesis, specifically genes associated with selenoproteins (SePP), WNT signalling (beta-catenin), inflammation (NF-kappa B) and methylation (DNMT1). Their combination does not appear to provide additional effects compared with either agent alone.
Comparative efficacy of tulathromycin and tildipirosin for the treatment of experimental <i>Mycoplasma bovis</i> infection in calves; The objective of this negative controlled, blinded, randomised, parallel group study was to compare the efficacy of two injectable macrolide antimicrobials, tulathromycin and tildipirosin, administered by single subcutaneous injection at dose rates of 2.5 and 4.0 mg kg(-1) bodyweight, respectively, in the treatment of an experimentally induced Mycoplasma bovis infection in calves. A total of 238 M. bovis-negative calves were challenged on three consecutive days with M. bovis by endobronchial deposition. Post-challenge, a total of 126 animals fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were randomly allocated to three treatment groups: tulathromycin, tildipirosin and saline. Clinical observations for signs of respiratory disease and injection site assessments were conducted daily for 14 days post-treatment. The animals were then killed, the lungs were examined for evidence of lesions, and samples collected for bacterial isolation. Calves treated with tulathromycin had a lower percentage of lung with lesions (P = 0.0079), lower mortality (P = 0.0477), fewer days with depressed demeanour (P = 0.0486) and higher body weight (P = 0.0112) than calves administered tildipirosin.
ANTIGENIC SUBSETS OF HUMAN-BREAST EPITHELIAL-CELLS DISTINGUISHED BY MONOCLONAL-ANTIBODIES; Three monoclonal antibodies raised to the human milk fat globule membrane bind, within the normal breast, to the surface of the luminal epithelial cells but not to the surrounding myoepithelial, connective tissue, or blood vessel cells. These antibodies distinguish 3 subsets of the epithelial cells that are not distinguishable by conventional histology. To show the arrangement of the cells in 2 dimensions over the sheet of epithelium, ducts were dissected out of normal breast tissue, opened up  and laid flat as sheets of epithelium. The apical faces of the cells were stained, unfixed, using 2-color immunofluorescence to contrast the subsets of cells stained by the different antibodies. The epithelium was then seen to be a mosaic of cells that express different surface antigens. The grouping and appearance of the cells stained by the different antibodies was characteristic. This may be just a random heterogeneity of antigen expression but alternatively the different cells may be in  different physiological states. Regardless of its biological significance, the observation has practical consequences for the use of such antibodies in identifying cells and the study of antigenic heterogeneity in tumors.
Assessing the impact of compound feed on Livestock: Saudi Arabian Livestock breeders perspective; This study analyzes livestock breeders' attitudes and experiences with compound feed in Saudi Arabia. A total of 108.901 livestock breeders were selected from the Ministry of Environment, Water and Agriculture roll, by using random sampling. Over 442 breeders participated, mostly male approximately 58.9% with an average age of 39 and around 9 years of education. The main occupation was livestock were (83.0 %). Sheep and goats were common (82% and 63%), in the Badia system (59.5 %). The main purpose of raising was commercial uses (62.4 %). but traditional feeding (Roughages and barley) and pasture systems dominated (59%). Only 27% used compound feed with barley and Roughages, and 34% never used it, citing concerns about cost, availability, and animal health. Those who used compound feed for over 7 years were the highest group (16.7%), suggesting slow adoption. Though 63% didn't observe health problems, others reported issues like 73% of the livestock breeder's changes in meat color, tumors, diarrhea, and reduced milk production. Further research is needed to understand these health concerns and improve compound feed usage in Saudi Arabia.
Manipulation of neonatal ruminal populations at birth results in sustained effects on microbial populations and measures of health and production in merino and suffolk lambs; The efficiency of the microbial-driven fermentation process in the rumen is closely related to the efficiency of the ruminant host. This experiment examined the effect of manipulating the neonatal microbiota on postnatal development, immune function and productivity (liveweight gain and wool growth parameters). The trial examined the differences between naturally inoculated lambs (maternal control, n = 21) and those given ruminal fluid, which had been collected from ruminally-cannulated ewes, fed either a roughage diet (roughage, n = 14), or a grain-based diet (high grain, n = 14). At lambing, newborn lambs were tagged and weighed. Inoculation lambs received 10 ml of rumen fluid per inoculation, daily, for a total of 7 inoculations. Live weight, body condition scores, wool growth (greasy and clean wool weights), wool length, mean fibre diameter, and differential blood cell counts, and IgG and IgA in both blood and saliva) were quantified from birth until week 18 (slaughter). Total feed intake was recorded from weaning. Ruminal fluid was collected by stomach tube from 12 lambs from each treatment group and their dams (n = 7-8 per treatment, with the lower number of ewes coming about through ewes that had twins) at time of weaning (week 10). The pH of the ruminal fluid, the density of ciliated protozoa in ruminal fluid, and the composition of the ruminal bacterial populations were analysed. At slaughter (week 18), ileal samples were taken from the same focal lambs as were used for microbial analysis. The artificial inoculations resulted in significant differences in ruminal bacterial genera to those of naturally inoculated lambs at time of weaning (some 3 months post-lambing). Significant differences were also apparent in ileal bacterial communities at slaughter, between lambs which had received the inoculum from roughage-fed ewes and naturally inoculated lambs. Both the efficiency (growth, condition, feed conversion efficiency, carcass weight) and indices of health (mortalities, red blood cell count, blood haemoglobin concentration, haematocrit, and eosinophil counts) of the inoculated animals, were affected negatively by the inoculations ( < 0.05). There was a significant interaction between inoculum source and breed in terms of effects on all parameters measured. The effects of the high grain inoculation were significantly affected by breed, with high grain merinos found to have reduced mean fibre diameter (P < 0.05) and increased wool growth relative to the maternal control (P = 0.035). This effect was not noted in the suffolks. In summary, we have demonstrated that long-term effects on ruminal and intestinal microbiota can be generated by intervention in the normal process of ruminal inoculation in neonatal lambs. Moreover, there appeared to be genetic differences in response to artificial inoculation. Whilst the effects of artificial inoculation in this trial were negative in terms of indices of health and production, further studies of maternal diet and its effects on the natural establishment of the neonatal microbiota are warranted given the persistence of the effects and the interaction with breed.
Long-term outcomes following foscan®-PDT of basal cell carcinomas; Background and Objective In a previous publication we showed that mTHPC-PDT (Foscan (R)-PDT) is an effective treatment of basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) in difficult to treat locations and presented optimized treatment parameters to reduce costs and side effects. Now we present long-term results of the same study population. Study Design/Materials and Methods Following PDT of a total of 460 BCCs in 117 subjects, the patients/lesions were followed-up for a mean duration of 42 (range: 272) months. Two patients dropped out of follow-up; 13 patients died of unrelated causes. Recurrences were treated either by repeated PDT or other established methods. Results The sustained clearance rate was 93.7% and the overall treatment success rate was 90.7%. KaplanMeier analysis revealed an estimated recurrence free fraction of patients at 5 years of 95.1%, 92.4%, 85.1%, and 74.0% for the four different photosensitizer dose groups (0.060.15, 0.05, 0.04, and 0.03?mg/kg). High-risk lesions (recurrences, thickness >3?mm) recurred more often than low-risk ones, and recurrences mostly (>50%) occurred during the first year of follow-up. Conclusion Long-term outcomes of high-dose (0.060.15?mg/kg) and reduced-dose (0.05?mg/kg) Foscan (R)-PDT in difficult to treat BCCs compare favorably with other methods, even in high-risk lesions (recurrent and/or thick lesions). A recommended combination of treatment parameters for low-dose therapy seems to be: 0.05?mg/kg Foscan (R), 24?hours druglight interval (DLI), fluence =40?J/cm2. Prospective randomized studies are needed to look into low-dose mTHPC-PDT of BCCs in more detail and to directly compare it with other treatments. Lasers Surg. Med. 44: 533540, 2012. (c) Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The growth and survival characteristics of Holstein female calves weaned at various ages; This study was carried out at Kirklereli - Karacadag Farm of Tikvesli Agricultural Company. It was aimed to investigate the growth and survival characteristics and the most cost-effective weaning age of Holstein female calves weaned at various ages. In the study, 100 female calves born single from Holstein heifers were used and they were divided randomly into five groups each having 20 calves. The calves were weaned at 28 (Group 28), 35 (Group 35), 42 (Group 42), 56 (Group 52) and 70 (Group 70) days of age.
Interventions for basal, cell carcinoma of the skin; Background
Insulin-like growth factor I, binding proteins-1 and-3, risk of type 2 diabetes and macronutrient intakes in men; The insulin-like growth factor (IGF) axis may be involved in the development of type 2 diabetes. We examined the associations of IGF-I and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP)-1 and -3 with diabetes risk and evaluated macronutrient intakes related to the observed associations. In a nested case-control study of the Alpha-Tocopherol, Beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study of Finnish male smokers aged 50-69 years, the IGF variables were measured from baseline serum samples for a random sample of 310 men with diabetes diagnosed during a 12-year follow-up and for 310 controls matched by age, recruitment day and intervention group. Diet at baseline was assessed using a validated FFQ. The associations of IGF proteins with diabetes risk were estimated using conditional logistic regression and the associations with macronutrient intakes using linear regression. IGF-I and IGFBP-3 were not associated with the incidence of diabetes. Higher IGFBP-1 was associated with lower diabetes risk in an unadjusted crude model (OR 0.25; 95% CI 0.15, 0.42 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest), but not after adjustment for BMI (corresponding OR 0.76; 95% CI 0.41, 1.40). Intakes of carbohydrates, plant protein and milk protein associated positively and intake of meat protein and fat negatively with IGFBP-1 (P < 0.005). IGFBP-1 was inversely associated with diabetes risk, but the association was substantially dependent on BMI. The associations between macronutrient intakes and IGFBP-1 may reflect influences of nutrients or foods on insulin concentrations.
Prevalence of respiratory disorders in veal calves and potential risk factors; The study aimed to assess the in vivo and postmortem prevalence of respiratory disorders in veal calves and investigate risk factors associated with them. A cross-sectional study was carried out in 174 farms in the 3 major veal meat producing countries in Europe (50 in France, 100 in the Netherlands, and 24 in Italy). Trained veterinarians visually evaluated individual calves of 1 batch per farm at 3 and 13 wk after arrival and at 2 wk before slaughter to assess the prevalence of hampered respiration, nasal discharge, and coughing. A random sample of lungs belonging to calves of the same batch was monitored at the slaughterhouse for mild to moderate or severe signs of pneumonia, and presence of pleuritis. Data regarding veal calf housing, feeding, and management and specific characteristics of the batch were collected through an interview with the stockperson, and the potential of these as respiratory disease risk factors was assessed. Regardless of the stage of fattening, the prevalence of in vivo signs of respiratory disorders in calves was always <7%. This low prevalence was likely the outcome of the general implementation by veal producers of standardized practices such as prophylaxis, all-in/all-out, and individual daily checks of the calves, which are recognized tools for effective disease prevention and management. However, at postmortem inspection, 13.9% and 7.7% of lungs showed mild to moderate and severe signs of pneumonia, respectively, and 21.4% of the inspected lungs had pleuritis. Thus, even mild clinical signs of respiratory disorder in calves at specific time points during the fattening period may be associated with high prevalence of lungs with lesions at slaughter. Alternatively, clinical symptoms recorded during routine visual inspections of veal calves on-farm may be poor predictors of the true prevalence of respiratory disease in calves. Among all potential risk factors considered, those concerning the characteristics of the batch were predominant but factors related to housing, management and feeding equipment were also relevant. Different risk factors were involved at different stages of the fattening period. Therefore, to overcome respiratory disorders in veal calves, different solutions may apply to different stages of the fattening period.
Potential role of bioactive peptides in prevention and treatment of chronic diseases: a narrative review; In the past few years, increasing interest has been directed to bioactive peptides of animal and plant origin: in particular, researchers have focused their attention on their mechanisms of action and potential role in the prevention and treatment of cancer, cardiovascular and infective diseases. We have developed a search strategy to identify these studies in PubMed (January 1980 to May 2016); particularly those papers presenting comprehensive reviews or meta-analyses, plus in vitro and in vivo studies and clinical trials on those bioactive peptides that affect cardiovascular diseases, immunity or cancer, or have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial effects. In this review we have mostly focused on evidence-based healthy properties of bioactive peptides from different sources. Bioactive peptides derived from fish, milk, meat and plants have demonstrated significant antihypertensive and lipid-lowering activity in clinical trials. Many bioactive peptides show selective cytotoxic activity against a wide range of cancer cell lines in vitro and in vivo, whereas others have immunomodulatory and antimicrobial effects. Furthermore, some peptides exert anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity, which could aid in the prevention of chronic diseases. However, clinical evidence is at an early stage, and there is a need for solid pharmacokinetic data and for standardized extraction procedures. Further studies on animals and randomized clinical trials are required to confirm these effects, and enable these peptides to be used as preventive or therapeutic treatments.
Depigmented genital extramammary Paget's disease: A possible histogenetic link to Toker's clear cells and clear cell papulosis; Background: The histogenesis of extramammary Paget's disease (EMPD) is still controversial. Benign pagetoid cells of the nipple first described by Toker and the similar clear cells found in white maculo-papules of clear cell papulosis (CCP) have been proposed to he potential precursor cells giving rise to EMPD and primary intraepidermal Paget's disease in the nipple. The observation of a rare case of depigmented EMPD provided us with a chance to examine further the interesting Toker's clear cell/CCP hypothesis.
Treatment of actinic keratoses with a novel betulin-based oleogel. A prospective, randomized, comparative pilot study; Background: Actinic keratoses (AK) are squamous cell carcinomas in situ and require treatment. Betulin-based oleogel prepared from a standardized triterpene dry extract from birch bark represents a new topical agent with anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor potential.
Differences in dietary intake during chemotherapy in breast cancer patients compared to women without cancer; Purpose Breast cancer patients receiving chemotherapy often experience symptoms such as nausea, vomiting and loss of appetite that potentially affect dietary habits. This study assessed the intake of energy, macronutrients and food groups before and during chemotherapy in breast cancer patients compared with women without cancer, and determined the association between symptoms and energy and macronutrient intake.
EFFECT OF DIFFERENT FAT SOURCES AND ENERGY LEVELS ON GROWTH PERFORMANCE, NUTRIENT DIGESTIBILITY AND MEAT QUALITY IN BROILER CHICKS; This experiment was conducted to evaluate different oil sources and energy density in broiler. Two vegetable oil sources (canola and palm oil), two animal oil sources (fish oil and refined poultry oil) and two levels of energy were: recommended energy (RE); 3000 and 3200 kcal/kg according to manual of Ross 308 and low energy (LE); 2850 and 3050 kcal/kg used in starter and finisher phases, respectively. Four hundred and sixteen (416) day-old broiler birds were distributed in eight treatments (four replicates containing 13 birds in each) in 2 x 4 factorial arrangement. Feed intake, body weight and mortality were recorded. At the end of experiment, two birds from each replicate were slaughtered for carcass characteristics and meat quality parameters. Nutrient digestibility was determined using Celite 0 as marker. Data were subjected to statistical analysis using analysis of variance technique by completely randomized design under factorial arrangement using Minitab 17 and treatment means were compared using Tukey 's Test. Results revealed that weight gain, protein efficiency ratio (PER), European production efficiency factor (EPEF), Feed efficiency (FE) and FCR were improved (P <= 0.05) in birds given recommended energy diet than those fed low energy diet. Feed intake was lower (P <= 0.05), whereas weight gain, PER, EPEF, FE and FCR were improved in birds given canola and poultry oil than those received fish and palm oil. Dressing percentage was higher (P <= 0.05) in birds fed RE and poultry oil and it was lower (P <= 0.05) in birds fed LE and fish oil. Water holding capacity of broiler breast meat was higher (P <= 0.05) in birds fed RE diet. Different energy levels had no effect (P > 0.05) on dry matter (DM), ether extract (EE) and crude protein (CP) digestibility (%) at 21st day. Birds fed diet having poultry and canola oil had greater (P <= 0.05) DM, CP and EE digestibility on 35 th day than those fed diet having palm and fish oil. Production cost per kg live weight was lower (P <= 0.05) in birds receiving recommended energy and poultry oil based diets. In conclusion, refined poultry oil in recommended energy had improved growth performance, meat quality and economics efficiency in broilers.
REPRODUCTIVE PERFORMANCE OF FOUR VARIETIES OF INDIGENOUS ASEEL CHICKEN UNDER DIFFERENT REARING SYSTEM; A study was undertaken to investigate the effect of three rearing systems (free range, semi-intensive and confinement) on reproductive performance in four varieties of indigenous Aseel chicken (Lakha, Mushki, Peshawari and Sindhi). A total of 192 adult birds (168 females and 24 males), 48 from each variety, were subjected to 3 rearing systems under Randomized Complete Block Design (RCBD) in a factorial experiment. Data regarding reproductive performance [settable eggs (%), fertility (%), hatch of fertile (%), hatchability (%), embryonic mortality (%) and A-grade chicks (%)] were recorded from 31 to 46 weeks of age. The collected data were analyzed by using ANOVA technique. The results demonstrated improved settable eggs, fertility and hatchability in hens reared under confinement and semi-intensive rearing systems. Among different varieties, Sindhi and Peshawari hens depicted higher settable eggs (95.41 +/- 0.54) and A-grade chicks (59.36 +/- 2.57), respectively. Interaction of rearing systems and varieties clearly indicated maximum settable eggs in both Sindhi and Peshawari hens reared under confinement rearing system. Fertility and hatchability were greater (P<0.05) in Sindhi hens under semi-intensive rearing system. The highest (P <= 0.05) A-grade chicks (63.59 +/- 4.68) were found in Peshawari hens under semi-intensive rearing system. From the findings, it can be concluded that confinement and semi-intensive rearing systems remained comparatively better with respect to settable eggs, fertility and hatchability. Both Sindhi and Lakha varieties of Aseel hens can be raised in semi-intensive rearing system as they demonstrated better performance with respect to settable eggs and A-grade chicks.
Effects of Calcisorb on fecal bile acids and fatty acids in human volunteers; The intake of calcium (Ca) is negatively associated with colorectal cancer (crc) risk. The aim of this study was to investigate in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, the effects of the Ca-binder Calcisorb, which is given to kidney stone patients with hypercalciuria type I, on risk factors for crc risk, bile acids (BA), and long-chain fatty acids (LCFA) in fecal water, Results show that the concentration of BA and LCFA in fecal water did not change, although the urinary excretion of Ca and magnesium (Mg) and the concentration of Ca and magnesium in fecal water decreased. The daily excretion of BA and LCFA acids decreased significantly (p < 0.05) during the Calcisorb period. In conclusion, binding dietary Ca and Mg with Calcisorb from a diet with a relatively low amount of fat does not enhance the solubility of BA and LCFA in fecal water.
The effects of long-term daily folic acid and vitamin B<sub>12</sub> supplementation on genome-wide DNA methylation in elderly subjects; Background: Folate and its synthetic form folic acid function as donor of one-carbon units and have been, together with other B-vitamins, implicated in programming of epigenetic processes such as DNA methylation during early development. To what extent regulation of DNA methylation can be altered via B-vitamins later in life, and how this relates to health and disease, is not exactly known. The aim of this study was to identify effects of long-term supplementation with folic acid and vitamin B-12 on genome-wide DNA methylation in elderly subjects. This project was part of a randomized, placebo-controlled trial on effects of supplemental intake of folic acid and vitamin B-12 on bone fracture incidence (B-vitamins for the PRevention Of Osteoporotic Fractures (B-PROOF) study). Participants with mildly elevated homocysteine levels, aged 65-75 years, were randomly assigned to take 400 mu g folic acid and 500 mu g vitamin B-12 per day or a placebo during an intervention period of 2 years. DNA was isolated from buffy coats, collected before and after intervention, and genome-wide DNA methylation was determined in 87 participants (n = 44 folic acid/vitamin B12, n = 43 placebo) using the Infinium HumanMethylation450 BeadChip.
Dietary Intake of Vitamin D Pattern and its Sociodemographic Determinants in the Southwest of Iran, Khuzestan: An Application of Marginalised Two-Part Model; Background: Dietary intake of Vitamin D is an effective public health strategy to improve the current low Vitamin D status of populations. This research aimed to identify subpopulations at greater risk for Vitamin D deficiency. We studied the sociodemographic factors that are potentially associated with dietary intake of Vitamin D in the Iranian population. To do so, we used a marginalised two-part (MTP) model to control for the substantial proportion of zero Vitamin D intake. Methods: Data from 180 cross-sectional random samples were recorded. Dietary intake of Vitamin D was assessed using a 168-item validated food frequency questionnaire. Sociodemographic factors associated with intake of Vitamin D were explored using MTP-Weibull. Results: Mean (standard deviation) daily dietary Vitamin D intake was 0.54 (0.70) mu g/day which was below the standard recommended level for all participants. The 'fish, milk and eggs' food group contributed 50% of total dietary intake of Vitamin D. Higher intake was associated with higher levels of education (P = 0.003). Furthermore, the odds of Vitamin D intake was associated with smoking status (odds ratio = 0.613, confidence interval: 0.407-0.914); where smoking decreases the chance of having a non-zero Vitamin D intake by 38.7%. Conclusion: Dietary intake of Vitamin D is below the recommended levels in our study in Iran, a developing country. We identified that education level and smoking status are associated with low intake. This result could lead to the straightforward recommendation for smokers and less-educated individuals to increase their intake of Vitamin D-rich foods.
Circulating phosphorus concentration and risk of prostate cancer: a Mendelian randomization study; Background Recent observational studies have suggested that circulating phosphorus concentrations are positively associated with the risk of prostate cancer. However, little is known about the causal direction of the association. Objectives To explore the potential causal relation between circulating phosphorus and risk of prostate cancer, we conducted a Mendelian randomization (MR) study. Methods Summary statistics of prostate cancer were obtained from a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies (GWASs) consisting of 79,148 cases and 61,106 controls. Single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with serum phosphorus concentration were selected from a GWAS of 291,408 individuals from the UK Biobank. MR analysis was performed using the inverse variance weighted (IVW) method, supplemented with simple median method, weighted median method, maximum likelihood-based method, MR-Egger regression, and the MR pleiotropy residual sum and outlier test. We also performed a meta-analysis of observational studies to assess the associations of dietary phosphorus intake and serum phosphorus concentration with risk of prostate cancer. Results In the MR analysis, a total of 125 independent SNPs associated with serum phosphorus concentrations were used as instrumental variables. Genetically predicted serum phosphorus concentrations were associated with a 19% increased risk of prostate cancer (95% CI: 9%, 31%) per 1-SD increment of serum phosphorus by IVW (P = 1.82 x 10(-4)). Sensitivity analyses using alternative MR methods produced similar positive associations, and no evidence of pleiotropy was detected by MR-Egger regression (P = 0.422). For meta-analysis, 8 studies for dietary phosphorus intake and 4 for serum phosphorus concentrations were included involving a total of 669,080 participants. Consistently, high dietary phosphorus intake and serum phosphorus concentrations were associated with an 8% (95% CI: 4%, 12%) and 7% (95% CI: 1%, 14%) increase in prostate cancer risk, respectively. Conclusions Our study suggested a potential causal relation between circulating phosphorus and risk of prostate cancer. Further studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanism of phosphorus in the development of prostate cancer.
Red and processed meat intake and risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis of prospective studies; Epidemiological studies regarding the association between red and processed meat intake and the risk of breast cancer have yielded inconsistent results. Therefore, we conducted an updated and comprehensive meta-analysis which included 14 prospective studies to evaluate the association of red and processed meat intake with breast cancer risk. Relevant prospective cohort studies were identified by searching PubMed through October 31, 2014, and by reviewing the reference lists of retrieved articles. Study-specific relative risk (RR) estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Fourteen prospective studies on red meat (involving 31,552 cases) and 12 prospective studies on processed meat were included in the meta-analysis. The summary RRs (95 % CI) of breast cancer for the highest versus the lowest categories were 1.10 (1.02, 1.19) for red meat, and 1.08 (1.01, 1.15) for processed meat. The estimated summary RRs (95 % CI) were 1.11 (1.05, 1.16) for an increase of 120 g/day of red meat, and 1.09 (1.03, 1.16) for an increase of 50 g/day of processed meat. Our findings indicate that increased intake of red and processed meat is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer. Further research with well-designed cohort or interventional studies is needed to confirm the association.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular diseases: where do we stand in 2012?; Evidence is accumulating that vitamin D may play a role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases. Vitamin D receptors (VDR) and enzymes of vitamin D metabolism are expressed in the vascular system and in the heart. VDR knockout mice suffer from cardiovascular disease (CVD) and selective inactivation of the VDR causes myocardial hypertrophy in cardiac myocytes. Many, but not all, observational studies have shown that vitamin D deficiency is associated with CVD and its risk factors. A low concentration of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25 [OH] D) is an independent risk factor for CVD, stroke and sudden cardiac death. There are very few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular endpoints, and conclusions can hardly be drawn as in some trials calcium has also been supplemented, which may increase the risk for CVD. Studies in which only vitamin D was given have indicated positive effects on cardiovascular risk factors, such as arterial hypertension. A number of larger studies of the effects of vitamin D supplementation on cardiovascular events and mortality have been undertaken. The design of these studies, however, may be problematic because, for example, individuals with high 25 (OH) D concentration also qualify for inclusion. The current body of evidence is not sufficient to recommend vitamin D supplementation for the prevention and treatment of CVD in general. Prevention and treatment of vitamin D deficiency, however, are both justified by the effects of vitamin D on the musculoskeletal system.
Dietary fiber intake and reduced risk of ovarian cancer: a meta-analysis; BackgroundEpidemiological studies regarding the association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk are still inconsistent. We aimed to review the available evidence and conduct a dose-response meta-analysis to investigate the relationship between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk.MethodsRelevant studies were identified by searching PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library databases before August 2017. Studies that reported relative risk (RR) estimates with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association between dietary fiber intake and risk of ovarian cancer were included. Random-effects models were used to combine the estimated effects extracted from individual study.ResultsThirteen studies, with a total of 5777 ovarian cancer cases and 142,189 participants, met the inclusion criteria. The pooled multivariable RRs of ovarian cancer for the highest vs. the lowest category of dietary fiber intake was 0.78 (95% CI: 0.70, 0.88) with no evidence of heterogeneity (I-2=4.20%, P=0.40). Our dose-response analysis also showed a significant inverse association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk (an increment of 10g/day; combined RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.82, 0.93). There was no evidence for a nonlinear association (P for nonlinearity=0.83).ConclusionsThis meta-analysis suggests a significant inverse dose-response association between dietary fiber intake and ovarian cancer risk. Further studies with prospective design that take account of more potential confounders are warranted to confirm this association.
GENETIC-ANALYSIS OF FERTILITY TRAITS IN ISRAELI HOLSTEINS BY LINEAR AND THRESHOLD MODELS; Conception rates of Israeli Holstein cows and heifers were analyzed separately by linear and threshold models. Fixed effects for both data files were insemination number, AI institute, geographical region, and calendar month. Analysis of cows also included the fixed effects of parity, calving status, and DIM at insemination. Random effects included in the models were herd-year-season, insemination technician, sire of cow, and service sire. Fixed effect solutions for heifers and cows were not similar. For cows, insemination month had the greatest effect on conception rate. Heritability of conception rate ranged from 2 to 3.5% for heifers and from 1 to 2% for cows. Correlations between corresponding threshold and linear model random effect solutions were all >.99. Correlations between heifer and cow analyses for sire and service sire solutions were <.4. Analysis with an incorrect herd-year-season variance component affected only the technician solutions.
The Efficiency and Safety of Intrarectal Topical Anesthesia for Transrectal Ultrasound-Guided Prostate Biopsy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective: The study aims to review the current evidence to determine the efficiency and safety of intrarectal topical anesthesia (ITA) for transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy. Materials and Methods: A comprehensive search of the literature was performed using Medline, Embase and Cochrane central register of controlled trials. All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy and safety of periprostatic nerve block (PNB), ITA, and PNB combined with ITA were included. The mean pain scores after the biopsy procedure, the mean pain scores after the probe insertion and adverse events were evaluated. Results: Thirty-2 RCTs were identified in the meta-analysis. ITA could significantly reduce pain during probe insertion compared to control and placebo. The PNB group had less pain after the prostate biopsy than the ITA group. PNB combined with ITA could significantly reduce pain during the biopsy procedure compared to ITA alone. No significant differences were found in adverse events in ITA versus control, ITA versus placebo, and ITA versus PNB. Conclusions: ITA could reduce pain after probe insertion and pain after biopsy although it was inferior to PNB in reducing pain during prostate biopsy. ITA combined with PNB was more effective than ITA alone. In addition, it was safe to perform ITA for prostate biopsy. (C) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
Large-scale international study enhances understanding of an emerging acne population: adult females; BackgroundAcne vulgaris is increasingly recognized in adult women; however, few studies have formally evaluated the clinical presentation and factors associated with acne in this population.
The effects of foliar spray application of silicon on plant damage levels and components of larval biology of the pest butterfly <i>Chlosyne lacinia saundersii</i> (Nymphalidae); We investigated sunflower leaf palatability to Chlosyne lacinia saundersii Doubleday & Hewitson (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae) in plants treated with silicon (Si) and subjected to mechanical injury. We also examined the effects of those treatments on plant development. The experimental study was carried out as a completely randomized design, consisting of the six treatments (10 replicates each): (1) control, (2) plants mechanically injured, (3) Si applied around the plant stem (Si drench), (4) Si drench + injured, (5) Si drench + foliar spray, and (6) Si drench + foliar spray + injured. Si drench + injured significantly reduced the percentage of caterpillar-injured leaves (CIL), leaf area consumed (LAC), and caterpillar weight (CW), leading to increased caterpillar mortality. The only intrinsic plant characteristic affected by the treatments was Si content (SiC), which was higher in plants treated with either Si drench + foliar spray or Si drench + foliar spray + injured. Negative correlations were observed between SiC and the variables CIL, LAC and CW, whereas positive correlations were observed between CIL and LAC, CIL and CW, and LAC and CW. The treatment strategy of Si combined with artificial mechanical injury affects leaf palatability and development of C. lacinia saundersii, conferring resistance to sunflower plants as a function of Si accumulation, although it did not increase crop vegetative variables.
Racing performance after surgical repair of medial condylar fracture of the third metacarpal/metatarsal bone in thoroughbred racehorses; Objective To report the performance of thoroughbred racehorses after surgical repair of a medial condylar fracture of the third metacarpal/metatarsal bone.
Effect of topical tretinoin under occlusion on atypical naevi; Atypical naevi are potential precursors of melanoma and markers of increased melanoma risk. To examine the possibility of chemoprevention of melanoma by retinoids, we studied the effect of topical tretinoin 0.1% (all-trans-retinoic acid; vitamin A acid) and tretinoin 0.1% with hydrocortisone on atypical naevi. Thirty patients with atypical naevi were enrolled in a prospective randomized double blind study. For each patient three comparable naevi were selected and randomized to receive tretinoin 0.1% (T), tretinoin 0.1% with hydrocortisone 1% (C) or a placebo cream (P) once a week under Actiderm occlusion for 4 months. Baseline views of the naevi, taken with a videomicroscope (magnification 20 x), were assessed for morphological changes compared with views taken 2 months after the beginning of treatment, 1 week after completion of treatment and 6 months later, After completion of the study all naevi in the T and C groups and six naevi in the P group were removed and evaluated histologically for the presence of atypia. The number of naevi that had changed in colour or size was significantly higher in the T and C groups compared with the placebo group. A size reduction took place in 42.9% (T) and 40.0% (C) of the naevi and the colour changed in 75.0% (T) and 66.7% (C). The effect of treatment, in general subtle, did not differ significantly between groups T and C, but naevi treated with C became significantly less irritated. Histologically, 75.0% of the naevi treated with T and 69.6% of the naevi treated with C were atypical, Therefore, no major change was seen in the clinical aspect of atypical naevi after treatment with tretinoin 0.1% or tretinoin with hydrocortisone 1%, and most of the treated naevi still met the histological criteria for atypia after the treatment period. The current management of follow-up of atypical naevi and excision when change to melanoma is suspected is therefore still recommended. Nevertheless, some response was seen, which may justify a further exploration of tretinoin and hydrocortisone 1% therapy for a longer treatment period in combination with research to clarify its mechanism. (C) 1998 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Causal assessment of dietary acid load and bone disease: a systematic review & meta-analysis applying Hill's epidemiologic criteria for causality; Background: Modern diets have been suggested to increase systemic acid load and net acid excretion. In response, alkaline diets and products are marketed to avoid or counteract this acid, help the body regulate its pH to prevent and cure disease. The objective of this systematic review was to evaluate causal relationships between dietary acid load and osteoporosis using Hill's criteria.
Universal DNA methylation age across mammalian tissues; Aging, often considered a result of random cellular damage, can be accurately estimated using DNA methylation profiles, the foundation of pan-tissue epigenetic clocks. Here, we demonstrate the development of universal pan-mammalian clocks, using 11,754 methylation arrays from our Mammalian Methylation Consortium, which encompass 59 tissue types across 185 mammalian species. These predictive models estimate mammalian tissue age with high accuracy (r > 0.96). Age deviations correlate with human mortality risk, mouse somatotropic axis mutations and caloric restriction. We identified specific cytosines with methylation levels that change with age across numerous species. These sites, highly enriched in polycomb repressive complex 2-binding locations, are near genes implicated in mammalian development, cancer, obesity and longevity. Our findings offer new evidence suggesting that aging is evolutionarily conserved and intertwined with developmental processes across all mammals.
Vitamin and multiple-vitamin supplement intake and incidence of colorectal cancer: a meta-analysis of cohort studies; This paper systematically evaluated the association of intake of different vitamins and multiple-vitamin supplements and the incidence of colorectal cancer. Relevant studies were identified in MEDLINE via PubMed (published up to April 2014). We extracted data from articles on vitamins A, C, D, E, B9 (folate), B2, B3, B6, and B12 and multiple-vitamin supplements. We used multivariable-adjusted relative risks (RRs) and a random-effects model for analysis and random effects. With heterogeneity, we looked for the source of heterogeneity or performed sensitivity and stratified analyses. We found 47 articles meeting the inclusion criteria. The multivariable-adjusted RR for pooled studies for the association between the highest versus lowest vitamin B9 (folate) intake and colorectal cancer was 0.88 [95 % confidence interval (95 % CI) 0.81-0.95]. Vitamin D was 0.87 (95 % CI 0.77-0.99); vitamin B6, 0.88 (95 % CI 0.79-0.99); vitamin B2, 0.86 (95 % CI, 0.76-0.97); vitamin A, 0.87 (95 % CI, 0.75-1.03); vitamin C, 0.92 (95 % CI, 0.80-1.06); vitamin E, 0.94 (95 % CI, 0.82-1.07); vitamin B12, 1.10 (95 % CI, 0.92-1.32); vitamin B3, 1.18 (95 % CI, 0.76-1.84). Vitamin B9 (folate), D, B6, and B2 intake was inversely associated with risk of colorectal cancer, but further study is needed. Our study featured unacceptable heterogeneity for studies of multiple-vitamin supplements, so findings were inconclusive.
Associations between transition to retirement and changes in dietary intakes in French adults (NutriNet-Sante cohort study); Background: Few studies have focused on the influence of retirement on dietary behaviors. Our study aimed at assessing the associations between transition to retirement and changes in dietary intake in French adults, particularly according to spousal retirement and baseline income.
Toenail selenium as an indicator of environmental exposure: A cross-sectional study; The relation between toxicity and essentiality of selenium (Se) is of growing interest in human health, as the effects may widely differ depending of its different chemical species and the exposure levels. Toenail Se has been proposed as a reliable biomarker of long-term Se exposure, but few studies investigated the correlation between its toenail content and environmental determinants (i.e., dietary food intake). We aimed to determine the relation of toenail Se levels with serum Se species as well as food items. We recruited a random sample of Modena (Northern Italy) municipal residents, from whom we collected detailed personal information, dietary habits, toenail specimen for Se determination and a blood sample for serum Se speciation analysis. Toenail Se mean value was 0.96 mu g/g (range, 0.47-1.60), with slightly higher levels in females, in non-obese subjects and in Se supplements users, while it was lower in current smokers. Toenail Se positively correlated with organic Se forms, mainly selenoprotein P and selenocysteine, and inversely with the inorganic forms (selenite and selenate). Toenail Se was not associated with meat, cereals and dairy products consumption, positively correlated with fruit and slightly with vegetable intake, and negatively with fish and seafood consumption. Finally, no clear association emerged with estimated air Se exposure.
Prevalence and associated factors of anemia among postpartum mothers in public health facilities in Ethiopia, 2024: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Postpartum anemia, characterized by hematocrit or hemoglobin levels below the defined cutoff point (< 11gm/dl or hematocrit < 33%), is a prevalent global issue. It serves as an indirect contributor to maternal mortality and morbidity. Mothers in the postpartum period experience diminished quality of life, impaired cognitive function, emotional instability, and an increased risk of postpartum depression due to anemia. Additionally, infants of affected mothers may face challenges such as insufficient breast milk supply and a lack of proper care. Examining the combined prevalence and factors associated with postpartum anemia is crucial for addressing maternal health risks and complications during the postnatal phase attributed to anemia. Objective The study aimed to synthesize the existing literature on the prevalence and associated factors of postpartum anemia in public health facilities of Ethiopia, in 2024. Methods The study was conducted by searching through the Google Scholar, PubMed, and Cochrane Library search engines. The search utilized keywords and MeSH terms such as anemia, low hemoglobin, postpartum, postnatal women, and Ethiopia. The collected data underwent analysis and comparison with the WHO criteria to determine if it met the threshold for declaring a public health concern. Heterogeneity was evaluated through the Cochran Q test and I2 statistics. Prevalence and odds ratio estimations were performed using a random-effects model with a 95% confidence interval. Result Four studies were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The overall pooled prevalence of anemia among postpartum women in Ethiopia was 69% (95% CI: 60- 77%).Lack of formal education(OR = 3.5;CI:2.639,4.408),Low Pre-delivery hemoglobin (OR = 4.2;CI: 1.768-6.668), Postpartum women < 4 ANC visit (OR = 2.72; 95% CI:2.14,3.3 ),history of post partum hemorrhage (OR = 2.49; CI: 1.075-3.978),history of Forceps/vacuum delivery(OR = 3.96; CI:2.986-4.947), Poor iron and folic acid adherence (OR = 2.8;95% CI:2.311,3.297), C/S (OR = 4.04; 95% CI: 3.426,4.671),lower dietary diversity (OR = 4.295% CI:1.768,6.668) were significantly associated postpartum anemia. Conclusion Postpartum women in Ethiopia continue to face a considerable public health challenge in the form of anemia. Consequently, there is a pressing need for the government to formulate comprehensive, multi-sectorial policies and strategies. These initiatives should be designed to address the substantial regional disparities influenced by interconnected factors, with the aim of reducing the prevalence of anemia among postpartum women in Ethiopia.
Effect of black tea drinking on blood lipids, blood pressure and aspects of bowel habit; Thirty-one men (47 (SD 14) years) and thirty-four women (35 (SD 13) years) took part in a 4-week randomized cross-over trial to compare the effect of six mugs of black tea daily v. placebo (water, caffeine, milk and sugar) on blood lipids, bowel habit and blood pressure, measured during a run-in period and at the end of weeks 2, 3 and 4 of the test periods. Compliance was established by adding a known amount of g-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) to selected tea bags, and then measuring its excretion in urine, Mean serum cholesterol values during run-in, placebo and on tea drinking were 5.67 (SD 1.05), 5.76 (SD 1.11) and 5.69 (SD 1.09) mmol/l (P = 0.16). There mere also no significant changes in diet, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, and blood-pressure in the tea intervention period compared with placebo, Compared with placebo, stool consistency was softened with tea (P = 0.04), and no other differences were found in bowel habit, Results were-unchanged when fifteen 'non-compliers', whose PABA excretion indicated that fewer than six tea bags had been used, were excluded from the analysis, and when differences between run-in and tea periods were considered separately for those who were given tea first or second.
Economic effects of echinococcosis; Cystic echinococcosis (CE) has a number of important economic effects. The most tangible of these is the cost of expensive medical treatment for human cases. Each confirmed case of CE can cost the health services or individual several thousand dollars. In addition to these costs, the additional cost of loss of edible offal from agricultural animals is well known. This may result in the entire loss of an infected organ or at least the trimming and downgrading of that organ, depending on local legislature. However, these losses may only be a relatively small percentage of the economic losses attributed to CE. Recent evidence suggests, through quality of life surveys, that patients treated for CE never fully recover and have a significant and permanent decreased quality of life. This has yet to be translated into monetary terms, but it almost certainly will result in the loss of income, possibly through a lower paid job, and/or the additional expense of increased ill health. Furthermore, in most reports, between 1 and 2% of CE cases are fatal. The death of these individuals results in the loss of the potential lifetime's economic output of these individuals. With alveolar echinococcosis the mortality rate is much higher and such consequences more severe. There is also a considerable amount of Soviet literature, and small amounts published elsewhere which suggests that CE also significantly affects animal productivity. Thus, infected sheep tend to give birth to fewer lambs, have lower levels of food conversion, produce less milk and have poorer quality fleeces then non-infected sheep. The total cost of the disease is the sum of the various costs to the health services, costs of morbidity and losses in animal productivity. Due to the uncertainty of many of these costs, it is appropriate to model these losses using techniques that can give a range of cost estimates. By using analytical techniques such as Monte-Carlo analysis, on parameters that are difficult to determine accurately, all such variables can be randomly varied simultaneously along likely frequency distributions. The results of this give a useful sensitivity analysis of economic costs. In addition, the purchasing power of money in the local economy must also be taken into account. One US $ buys much more in a developing country than in an industrialized economy. Consequently, each lost $ will be more acutely felt in poor countries. Estimates of the financial burden of disease are beneficial in deciding priorities for control. They are also potentially useful tools to lobby donors or non-governmental organizations to fund control programs in poor countries. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Nutritional management in newborn babies receiving therapeutic hypothermia: two retrospective observational studies using propensity score matching; Background: Therapeutic hypothermia is standard of care for babies with moderate to severe hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. There is limited evidence to inform provision of nutrition during hypothermia.
Nonlinear association between magnesium intake and the risk of colorectal cancer; Objectives The association between dietary magnesium intake and the risk of colorectal cancer has been examined by many prospective studies, but remains controversial because of inconsistent results. We aimed to carry out a meta-analysis to investigate this.
Interventions for actinic keratoses; Background
The "Yogurt" Technique for Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty Graft Preparation: A Novel Quick and Safe Method for Both Inexperienced and Senior Surgeons; Purpose: To describe and evaluate the efficacy and safety of a novel technique to prepare Descemet membrane endothelial keratoplasty (DMEK) donor grafts using a newly designed partial-thickness hinge punch. Methods: The novel punch has a circular guarded blade missing 1 clock hour, creating an uncut hinge on the donor cornea. In addition, 2 straight cuts are made by the punch perpendicular to the edge of trephination toward the trabecular meshwork in the hinge area. After the donor corneoscleral rim is positioned endothelial side up, a partial-thickness trephination is performed avoiding any rotational movements. Descemet membrane is lifted from Schwalbe line in the hinge area, and DMEK graft is peeled after desired marking without further preparation. Results: Three surgeons of different experience levels on DMEK (senior/independent/fellow) initially applied the new technique in 18 research corneas, divided into equal groups. Two failures in graft preparation were noted, defined as radial tears extending >= 0.5 mm. The mean preparation time was 6.21 +/- 1.45 minutes. No statistically significant differences were noted in success rate, duration, and endothelial cell loss (ECL) between surgeons (P> 0.05). ECL was evaluated as an average of 5 readings on randomly selected graft areas, not including graft periphery. Fifteen additional research corneas were stripped by 1 single user in an eye bank setting. No tissue loss was recorded, whereas ECL and mortality rate remained unaffected after preparation (P= 0.64 andP= 0.72, respectively). Conclusions: This new DMEK graft preparation technique, simulating the opening of a yogurt cup, seems to be a safe and an efficient method, providing shorter preparation time and low failure rates independent of surgeon's experience level.
Study on the Anti-tumor Activity and Structural Changes of Bovine Lactoferrin-Oleic Acid and Linoleic Acid Complex; Bovine lactoferrin (LF) was used to prepare complexes with oleic acid (OA) and linoleic acid (LnA), the anti-tumor activity of the lactoferrin-oleic acid complex (LF-OA) and lactoferrin-linoleic acid complex (LF-LnA) was measured on liver cancer, colon cancer and breast cancer cells using the methylene blue method. The structure changes of LF induced by binding of OA and LnA, including hydrophobic amino acids, hydrophobic regions, tertiary structure, secondary structure, was studied by intrinsic fluorescence, ANS-binding intrinsic fluorescence and circular dichroism spectrum, respectively. Both of LF-OA and LF-LnA exhibited profound anti-tumor activity on the three types of tumor cells. A significant red-shift of LF occurred after binding of OA and LnA, respectively. Meanwhile, the ANS-binding spectra of LF exhibited a blue-shift with an increasing fluorescence intensity. It can be indicated from the fluorescence spectra results that binding of OA and LA lead to the exposure of hydrophobic amino acids and hydrophobic regions. Furthermore, circular dichroism spectra suggested a partial loss of the tertiary structure, a decrease in the content of alpha-helix and beta-turn with the increase of beta-sheet and random coil structure. Here in this study, we successfully prepared the two antitumor LF-OA and LF-LnA complexes, which exhibited a profound prospect of cancer therapy.
Diffusion and dissemination of evidence-based dietary srategies for the prevention of cancer; Objective: The purpose was to determine what strategies have been evaluated to disseminate cancer control interventions that promote the uptake of adult healthy diet?
Probiotic supplementation reduces a biomarker for increased risk of liver cancer in young men from Southern China; Background: In vitro and in vivo studies suggest that selected strains of probiotic bacteria can form tight complexes with aflatoxin B, and other carcinogens.
Effects of bovine colostrum on performance, survival, and immunoglobulin status of suckling piglets during the first days of life; Supplementation of bovine colostrum (BC) has shown to improve growth performance, intestinal development, and immune response in early-weaned pigs. Little is known about whether BC may have similar effects in neonatal piglets. In the present study, the effect of BC supplementation on mortality, growth performance, and blood parameters (plasma proteins and white blood count) of suckling piglets in the first 10 days of life was investigated under practical conditions with special emphasis on low birth weight piglets. In total, 258 newborn piglets from 30 multiparous sows in a commercial breeding unit were randomly assigned to two different treatment groups. Piglets received either 1 ml of BC orally on days 1-3 of life (group BC, n = 128) or 1 ml of saline (0.9%) (control (CON) group; n = 130). Body weight was measured on days 1, 4, and 10 of life. Blood was collected on days 1 and 4 from 60 piglets per group. No differences in mortality, body weight, and average daily weight gain were observed between treatment groups in days 1-10. However, compared to CON, particularly in low birth weight piglets the administration of BC supported (P < 0.01) their survival. Group BC exhibited lower plasma total protein (P = 0.03) and beta-globulin (P = 0.02) concentrations compared to group CON. In conclusion, BC improved low and normal birth weight piglets' survival during their first 10 days of life. Further research is needed to clarify whether the survival rate is related to earlier gut closure indicated by lower plasma protein levels, which might be beneficial due to a lower uptake of potential antigenic substances.
Associations between intake of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus and risk of pancreatic cancer: a population-based, case-control study in Minnesota; Experimental studies suggest that abnormal levels of Ca, Mg and phosphorus are implicated in pancreatic carcinogenesis. We investigated the associations between intakes of these minerals and the risk of pancreatic cancer in a case-control study conducted in 1994-1998. Cases of pancreatic cancer (n 150) were recruited from all hospitals in the metropolitan area of the Twin Cities and Mayo Clinic, Minnesota. Controls (n 459) were randomly selected from the general population and frequency matched to cases by age, sex and race. All dietary variables were adjusted for energy intake using the residual method prior to data analysis. Logistic regression was performed to evaluate the associations between intake of three nutrients examined and the risk of pancreatic cancer. Total intake of Ca (936 v. 1026 mg/d) and dietary intake of Mg (315 v. 331 mg/d) and phosphorus (1350 v. 1402 mg/d) were significantly lower in cases than in controls. After adjustment for confounders, there were not significant associations of total and dietary intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus with the risk of pancreatic cancer. In addition, no significant interactions exist between intakes of these minerals and total fat on pancreatic cancer risk. In conclusion, the present study does not suggest that intakes of Ca, Mg and phosphorus were significantly associated with the risk of pancreatic cancer.
Therapeutic administration of Luteolin protects against Escherichia coli-derived Lipopolysaccharide-triggered inflammatory response and oxidative injury; Endometritis reduces reproductive effectiveness and leads to significant financial losses in the dairy sector. Luteolin is a natural phyto-flavonoid compound with many biological activities. However, the therapeutic effect of Luteolin against lipopolysaccharides (LPS)-induced endometritis has not yet been explored. A total of eighty female Kunming mice were randomly assigned into four treatment groups (n = 20). Following a successful initiation of the endometritis model by LPS, Luteolin was intraperitoneally administered three times, at six-hour intervals between each injection in the Luteolin groups. The histopathological findings revealed that Luteolin significantly alleviated uterine injury induced by LPS. Moreover, Luteolin suppressed the synthesis of proinflammatory mediators [interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha] while promoting the synthesis of an anti-inflammatory mediator (IL-10) altered by LPS. Furthermore, Luteolin significantly mitigated the LPS-induced oxidative stress by scavenging malondialdehyde (MDA) and reactive oxygen species (ROS), accumulation and boosting the capacity of antioxidant enzyme activities such as superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase 1 (Gpx1) in the uterine tissue of mice. Additionally, injection of Luteolin markedly increased the expression of Toll-like receptors (TLR) 4 both at mRNA and protein levels under LPS stimulation. Western blotting and ELISA findings demonstrated that Luteolin suppressed the activation of the NF-kappa B pathway in response to LPS exposure in the uterine tissue of mice. Notably, Luteolin enhanced the antioxidant defense system by activating the Nrf2 signaling pathway under LPS exposure in the uterine tissue of mice. Conclusively, our findings demonstrated that Luteolin effectively alleviated LPS-induced endometritis via modulation of TLR4-associated Nrf2 and NF-kappa B signaling pathways.
Effects of Phytosterol Supplementation on Serum Levels of Lipid Profiles, Liver Enzymes, Inflammatory Markers, Adiponectin, and Leptin in Patients Affected by Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective: Considering the high prevalence of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and based on the evidence about the role of dietary cholesterol in liver inflammation, and also with regard to the effect of phytosterols on the metabolism of cholesterol, we aimed at exploring the therapeutic potential of phytosterol supplementation against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Method: Thirty-eight patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease were randomly divided into two groups: The phytosterol group (n = 19) received a 1.6-g phytosterol supplement daily and the control group (n = 19) received 1.6 g starch daily as placebo for an 8-week period. Blood samples of all patients were taken at baseline (week 0) and at the end of the study (week 8) for measurement of lipid profiles, liver enzymes, inflammatory markers, adiponectin, and leptin. Results: Phytosterol supplementation significantly improved the levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha compared to the placebo group. On the other hand, there were no significant differences between the two groups in total cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, ratios of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, gamma-glutamyl transferase, interleukin 6, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, adiponectin, and leptin. Conclusions: The present study suggested that daily consumption of 1.6 g phytosterols efficiently lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
The impact of dietary counselling during pregnancy on vitamin intake and status of women and their children; We aimed here to assess the impact of dietary counselling during pregnancy on dietary intake of vitamins and the vitamin status of women and their children. At the first trimester of pregnancy, 89 women from allergic families were randomized to a control group (n = 45) or to receive individual dietary counselling (n = 44). Women's vitamin intakes and serum concentrations were analyzed during and after pregnancy. Further, vitamin concentrations were measured from breast milk and infant serum at one month of age. The study is registered as clinical study (NCT00167000; section 3, http://www.clinicaltrials.gov). Dietary counselling resulted in a higher intake of beta-carotene and vitamin E compared to controls. Further, in women lower serum beta-carotene and higher colostrum vitamin A concentrations were found in the intervention group compared to controls. Dietary counselling during pregnancy improves women's vitamin intakes but does not provide unambiguous effects on vitamin status of women or children.
Meta-analysis of soy food and risk of prostate cancer in men; There has been considerable interest in recent years in the role of soy in cancer etiology. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to evaluate epidemiologic studies available to date that related soy consumption to the risk of prostate cancer in men. We conducted a thorough Medline search for English-language publications, supplemented with hand-searching of articles' bibliographies and nonindexed medical and professional journals, on epidemiologic studies of soy and prostate cancer. We identified 2 cohort and 6 case-control studies that met the following criteria for meta-analysis: a study must have assessed soy as a food and provided a risk estimate (relative risk or odds ratio) and its 95% confidence interval. Data from the same study population appearing in different journals were only used once with the most recent publication chosen for the analysis. Studies on fermented soy food were not included. We conducted the meta-analysis using a random-effects model. An analysis of these studies yielded an overall risk estimate of 0.70 (95% CI = 0.59-0.83; p < 0.001). No publication bias was detected. In summary, results of the analysis showed that consumption of soy food was associated with a lower risk of prostate cancer in men. (c) 2005 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Effects of meloxicam on the welfare of Holstein calves from 6 weeks to 6 months old undergoing amputation dehorning; Amputation dehorning (AD) is a common practice performed on calves, causing harmful effects such as pain, distress, anxiety, and fear. These effects extend to behavioral, physiological, and hematological responses, prompting serious ethical concerns regarding animal welfare, even when performed with local anesthesia. Meloxicam, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug, has been widely used to mitigate the side effects of dehorning and disbudding in calves. However, there is a notable gap in research regarding the effects of meloxicam on calves aged 6 wk to 6 mo undergoing AD procedures. This study was designed to assess the effectiveness of co-administering meloxicam with lidocaine, a cornual nerve anesthetic, in alleviating the adverse effects caused by the AD procedure in calves within this age range, compared with the use of lidocaine alone. Thirty Holstein calves were enrolled and randomly divided into 2 groups. The first group received a subcutaneous injection of 5 mL of lidocaine in the horn area and a subcutaneous injection of 0.9% saline at a dose of 0.025 mL/kg in the neck, administered 10 min before the AD procedure. The second group received a combination of lidocaine and meloxicam: a subcutaneous injection of 5 mL of lidocaine in the horn area and a subcutaneous injection of 20 mg/mL meloxicam at a dose of 0.025 mL/kg in the neck, also administered 10 min before the AD procedure. To avoid subjective bias, the researchers were blinded to the treatment groups. Pain-related behaviors, including tail flicking, head shaking, ear flicking, head rubbing, head crossing bar, and kicking, were observed, and physiological parameters, including heart rate, rectal temperature, respiration rate, mechanical nociceptive threshold (MNT), daily active steps, and food intake were monitored. Hematological conditions were determined using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and routine blood tests. The data were processed using a generalized linear mixed model. The outcomes demonstrated that the AD procedure increased the frequencies of ear flicking and resulted in rises in the respiration rate, heart rate, rectal temperature, and daily active steps. It also led to decreases in total food intake, forage intake, hay intake, MNT, and increased concentrations of prostaglandin E2 (PgE2), IL-1(3, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), nitric oxide (NO), and malondialdehyde, as well as glutathione peroxidase activity. However, calves that received meloxicam treatment showed significant improvements in response to the AD procedure, including lower respiration rates, heart rates, and rectal temperatures; higher MNT; and lower intermediate cell ratio. They also had higher red blood counts, hemoglobin levels, hematocrit values; larger mean platelet volumes; and lower concentrations of PgE2, IL-1(3, TNF-alpha, and NO. These results suggest that co-administration of lidocaine and meloxicam may aid in mitigating the adverse effects induced by the AD procedure on these calves, thereby supporting the use of meloxicam in conjunction with a local anesthetic in AD procedures for calves aged 6 wk to 6 mo.
Feeding a Mixture of Choline Forms to Lactating Dams Improves the Development of the Immune System in Sprague-Dawley Rat Offspring; Dietary choline is essential during lactation, but few studies have examined the implications of feeding a mixture of choline forms on immune function. This study investigates the impact of feeding lactating dams different mixtures of choline forms, similar to those in human diets, on the development and later immune function of suckled offspring. Sprague-Dawley lactating dams (n = 6/diet) were randomized to consume one of three diets, containing 1 g/kg choline: Control (100% free choline (FC)), Mixed Choline (MC: 50% phosphatidylcholine (PC), 25% FC, 25% glycerophosphocholine (GPC)), or High GPC (HGPC: 75% GPC, 12.5% PC, 12.5% FC). At weaning, female pups (n = 2/dam) were fed the Control diet until 10 weeks. At 3 weeks, MC and HGPC pups were heavier and their splenocytes had a higher proportion of helper T cells expressing CD25 and CD28 and produced less interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) and tumor-necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) after Concanavalin A stimulation vs. Control pups (p < 0.05). At 10 weeks, MC and HGPC offspring had a lower proportion of macrophages and dendritic cells and produced less interleukin (IL)-1 beta but more IL-10 after lipopolysaccharide stimulation vs. Control pups (p < 0.05). In summary, feeding mixed choline diets during lactation improved T cell phenotype/function at the end of suckling and programmed a less inflammatory response later in life.
L233P mutation of the Tax protein strongly correlated with leukemogenicity of bovine leukemia virus; The bovine leukemia virus (BLV) Tax protein is believed to play a crucial role in leukemogenesis by the virus. BLV usually causes asymptomatic infections in cattle, but only one-third develop persistent lymphocytosis that rarely progress after a long incubation period to lymphoid tumors, namely enzootic bovine leucosis (EBL). In the present study, we demonstrated that the BLV tax genes could be divided into two alleles and developed multiplex PCR detecting an L233P mutation of the Tax protein. Then, in order to define the relationship between the Tax protein and leukemogenicity, we examined 360 tumor samples randomly collected from dairy or breeding cattle in Japan, of which Tax proteins were categorized, for age at the time of diagnosis of EBL. The ages of 288 animals (80.0%) associated with L233-Tax and those of 70 animals (19.4%) with P233-Tax individually followed log-normal distributions. Only the two earliest cases (0.6%) with L233-Tax disobeyed the log-normal distribution. These findings suggest that the animals affected by EBL were infected with the virus at a particular point in life, probably less than a few months after birth. Median age of those with P233-Tax was 22. months older than that with L233-Tax and geometric means exhibited a significant difference (P < 0.01). It is also quite unlikely that viruses carrying the particular Tax protein infect older cattle. Here, we conclude that BLV could be divided into two categories on the basis of amino acid at position 233 of the Tax protein, which strongly correlated with leukemogenicity. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Anti-inflammatory and nutritional improvement effects of dietary supplementation combined with fish oil in patients with epithelial cancer; The present study investigated the effects of dietary supplementation combined with fish oil containing relatively low levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on the inflammatory and nutritional status of patients with epithelial cancer. Fish oil capsules (498 mg EPA and 213 mg DHA) and dietary supplements (100 kcal and 5 g protein) were administered for 8 weeks to 20 patients with cancer and inflammation [C-reactive protein (CRP) >= 0.30 mg/dl]. Blood EPA levels increased significantly after 4 and 8 weeks, while no significant differences were observed in log-transformed (log) CRP levels, which were the major inflammatory indices in these patients. A declining trend was observed at 8 weeks after excluding 2 patients with suspected infection (P=0.06). A significant increase was observed from week 0 to week 8 for log interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels. After excluding the 2 patients with suspected infection, no significant difference was observed when comparing week 0 to week 8 for log IL-6. No deterioration in albumin or pre-albumin levels was observed. These results suggest that although suppression of acute inflammation associated with infection is difficult, intake of relatively low EPA and DHA supplements may be effective for mild chronic inflammation in patients with epithelial cancer without infection. Large-scale randomized clinical trials are required to make the final decision regarding efficacy. The study was registered in the University Hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry (UMIN-CTR; 06/07/2018, UMIN000033309).
Impact of the earthquake of September 26, 1997 in Umbria, Italy on the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population; The consequences of natural disasters on the social and health status of older people have not been deeply considered. The aim of this study was to evaluate the socioenvironmental and psychophysical conditions of an elderly population after a devastating earthquake. A randomly selected group of 332 older people (greater than or equal to 64 years) was selected among 1548 eligible subjects living in the city of Nocera Umbra four months after an earthquake of 5.6 magnitude on the Richter scale. Three geriatricians evaluated the study subjects by means of a structured interview, and standardized scales, which considered physical and mental status, mood and anxiety, and self-perception of well-being as well as the characteristics of family composition and social interactions Of the study subjects, 11.1% lived alone, and 33.4% with the spouse only. Most were self-sufficient in the basic activities of dairy life. Musculoskeletal diseases and hypertension were the most frequently observed pathologies in this geriatric population. In addition, 47.9% of the subjects lived in temporary houses; this group more frequently suffered from hypertension, and had a higher score of comorbidity as measured by Cumulative Illness Rating Scale (CIRS) compared to people who remained at home. People living in the pre-fabricated huts also showed a higher score on the Geriatric Depression Scale and the Hamilton scale for anxiety. and complained more often of their health status, evaluated as self-perception si well-being when compared to the home dwellers. Although all the studied subjects suffered from the discomforts caused by the earthquake, the precariousness of living in temporary houses, whose structural characteristics do not take the needs of elderly subjects into account, could justify the higher distress experienced by persons housed in the huts. These observations suggest that, after natural disasters, emergency programs should be more adapted to elderly people, whose needs and expectations are often different from those of young adults. (Aging Clin. Exp. Res. 12: 281-286, 2000) (C) 2000, Editrice Kurtis.
Clinical guidelines for the use of lifestyle-based mental health care in major depressive disorder: World Federation of Societies for Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) and Australasian Society of Lifestyle Medicine (ASLM) taskforce; Objectives The primary objectives of these international guidelines were to provide a global audience of clinicians with (a) a series of evidence-based recommendations for the provision of lifestyle-based mental health care in clinical practice for adults with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and (b) a series of implementation considerations that may be applicable across a range of settings. Methods Recommendations and associated evidence-based gradings were based on a series of systematic literature searches of published research as well as the clinical expertise of taskforce members. The focus of the guidelines was eight lifestyle domains: physical activity and exercise, smoking cessation, work-directed interventions, mindfulness-based and stress management therapies, diet, sleep, loneliness and social support, and green space interaction. The following electronic bibliographic databases were searched for articles published prior to June 2020: PubMed, EMBASE, The Cochrane Library (Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Cochrane Methodology Register), CINAHL, PsycINFO. Evidence grading was based on the level of evidence specific to MDD and risk of bias, in accordance with the World Federation of Societies for Biological Psychiatry criteria. Results Nine recommendations were formed. The recommendations with the highest ratings to improve MDD were the use of physical activity and exercise, relaxation techniques, work-directed interventions, sleep, and mindfulness-based therapies (Grade 2). Interventions related to diet and green space were recommended, but with a lower strength of evidence (Grade 3). Recommendations regarding smoking cessation and loneliness and social support were based on expert opinion. Key implementation considerations included the need for input from allied health professionals and support networks to implement this type of approach, the importance of partnering such recommendations with behaviour change support, and the need to deliver interventions using a biopsychosocial-cultural framework. Conclusions Lifestyle-based interventions are recommended as a foundational component of mental health care in clinical practice for adults with Major Depressive Disorder, where other evidence-based therapies can be added or used in combination. The findings and recommendations of these guidelines support the need for further research to address existing gaps in efficacy and implementation research, especially for emerging lifestyle-based approaches (e.g. green space, loneliness and social support interventions) where data are limited. Further work is also needed to develop innovative approaches for delivery and models of care, and to support the training of health professionals regarding lifestyle-based mental health care.
Positive effect of dietary soy in ESRD patients with systemic inflammation - correlation between blood levels of the soy isoflavones and the acute-phase reactants; Background. Inflammation is commonly associated with malnutrition and cardiovascular disease in end-stage renal failure patients. Anti-inflammatory properties of the isoflavones, a micronutrient component of soy, have been reported in several experimental models and disease conditions, but never in renal failure. We hypothesized that dietary soy isoflavones correct laboratory evidence of systemic inflammation in haemodialysis (HD) patients with underlying high blood levels of C-reactive protein (CRP).
Vitamin D Intake and Risk of Skin Cancer in US Women and Men; Previous studies suggested a protective effect of vitamin D against skin cancer development. However, epidemiologic studies on orally taken vitamin D and risk of skin cancer (basal cell carcinoma [BCC], squamous cell carcinoma [SCC], and melanoma) are few. We prospectively evaluated whether total, dietary and supplemental vitamin D intake were associated with skin cancer risk based on 63,760 women in the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2010) and 41,530 men in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (1986-2010). Dietary information on vitamin D intake was assessed every 2 to 4 years during the follow-up and cumulative averaged intake was used. We used Cox proportional hazard models to compute the hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Pooled HR of cohort-specific results were calculated using a random-effects model. During the follow-up, we documented 20,840 BCC, 2,329 SCC and 1,320 melanoma cases. Vitamin D consumption was not associated with the risk of SCC or melanoma but was modestly positively associated with BCC; the pooled HRs of BCC for extreme quintiles of vitamin D intake were 1.10 (95% CI = 1.05-1.15; P-trend = 0.05) for total vitamin D and 1.13 (95% CI = 1.07 to 1.20; P-trend < 0.01) for dietary vitamin D. Stratified analysis according to sun exposure related factors showed similar results. In conclusion, vitamin D intake was positively associated with risk of BCC, while null associations were found with SCC and melanoma. Our data do not support a beneficial role of orally taken vitamin D on skin cancer carcinogenesis.
Intake of total, animal and plant protein and subsequent changes in weight or waist circumference in European men and women: the Diogenes project; Background: As protein is considered to increase thermogenesis and satiety more than other macronutrients, it may have beneficial effects on prevention of weight gain and weight maintenance.
Pathological and Biochemical Methods for Detection of Uranium Pollution in the Diyala-bridge Region, Iraq; Background: The present study comprised two distinct experiments. The first experiment involved a field survey conducted in the Diyala Bridge area of Baghdad, Iraq, spanning from December 2021 to May 2022. Soil, milk, and blood samples were collected from locally grazed cattle to ascertain uranium concentrations. In the second experiment, rats were subjected to poisoning with Uranyl acetate. Upon completion of the experiment, samples of liver, kidneys, and blood were collected for histopathological and biochemical analyses. Methods: Twenty-four albino male rats were divided equally and randomly into two groups i.e., control group and intoxicated group. Uranyl acetate was given daily for 120 days by 0.05 mg/kg to the latter group. At the end of the experiment liver and kidney sample were taken for histopathological examination and stained by Masson-trichrome stain. Results: The finding of eosin and hematoxylin stain and biochemical assay for CuZn-SOD U/mg and catalase K/mg protein were showed significantly elevated while liver tissue showed necrosis atrophy atherosclerosis cirrhosis and carcinoma characterized by irregular cell mitotic figure extensive fibrous tissue, tissue kidney presented interstitial hemorrhage and multiple granuloma. Conclusion: Intoxicant by Uranyl acetate showed significant elevating for CuZn-SOD U/mg and catalase K/mg protein, in contrast liver tissue showed necrosis atrophy atherosclerosis cirrhosis and carcinoma, tissue kidney presented interstitial hemorrhage and multiple granulomas.
Heterogeneity of genetic parameters for calving difficulty in Holstein Heifers in Ireland; Calving difficulty is a trait that greatly affects animal welfare, herd profitability, and the amount of labor required by cattle farmers. It is influenced by direct and maternal genetic components. Selection and breeding strategies can optimize the accuracy of genetic evaluations and correctly emphasize calving difficulty in multipletrait indices provided there are accurate estimates of genetic parameters. In Ireland, large differences exist in the age at which heifers first give birth to calves. The objective of this study was to estimate genetic parameters for calving difficulty in first-parity Holsteins and to determine whether these differed with age of the heifer at calving. Transformed calving difficulty records for 18,798 Holstein heifers, which calved between January 2002 and May 2006, were analyzed using univariate, multitrait, and random regression linear sire- maternal grandsire models. The model that 1) fitted a secondorder random regression of dam age at first parity for the direct component, 2) treated the maternal component as a single trait regardless of dam age, and 3) fitted a single residual variance component was optimal. Heritabilities for direct (0.13) and maternal (0.04) calving difficulty were significantly different from zero. These 2 components were moderately negatively correlated (- 0.47). Estimates of direct genetic variance and heritability were heterogeneous along the dam age trajectory, decreasing initially with dam age before subsequently increasing. Heritability estimates ranged between 0.11 and 0.37 and were higher for records with younger and older dams at parturition. Genetic correlations between the direct components of calving difficulty decreased from unity to 0.5 with increasing distance between dam ages at parturition. The results of this study indicated that heterogeneity of direct genetic variance existed for calving difficulty, depending on dam age at first parturition.
Potential influences of expression levels of MFGE8 and HMGB1 on the intestinal mucosal barrier function and inflammatory response after blunt abdominal injury in rats; Purpose: To explore the influence of milk fat globule-EGF factor 8 protein (MFGE8) on blunt abdominal injury in Sprague Dawley (SD) rats through the RhoA/ROCK signaling pathway. Methods: The blunt abdominal injury model was generated in SD rats. A total of 44 rats was randomly assigned into three groups. Rat blunt abdominal injury was assessed by the abbreviated injury scale (AIS). The rats were sacrificed for observing the morphology of the abdominal cavity and intestines. Hematoxylin and eosin staining was performed to visualize the pathological changes of rat intestines. Positive expressions of MFGE8 and high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) in rat intestines were examined by immunohistochemical staining. Protein levels were determined by Western blot. Serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), IL-1 beta, IL-6 and malondialdehyde (MDA) were measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Results: Blunt abdominal injury resulted in inflammatory response of intestinal tissues, increased serum levels of TNF-alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6 and MDA, upregulation of HMGB1, RhoA and ROCK2, and downregulation of MFGE8 in rats, which were significantly alleviated by intervention of rhMFGE8. Conclusions: MFGE8 protects the intestinal mucosal barrier function after blunt abdominal injury in rats by downregulating HMGB1. Moreover, it alleviates inflammatory response and oxidative stress caused by blunt abdominal injury in rats through downregulating RhoA and ROCK.
Carotid Plaque, Intima-Media Thickness, and Incident Aortic Stenosis A Prospective Cohort Study; Objective-Aortic stenosis (AS) shares risk factors with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaque may reflect the cumulative damage from exposure to different atherosclerotic risk factors. We examined the relationship of carotid IMT and plaque with incident AS in a prospective population-based study.
Soy protein, isoflavones, and cardiovascular health - An American heart association science advisory for professionals from the nutrition committee; Soy protein and isoflavones (phytoestrogens) have gained considerable attention for their potential role in improving risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This scientific advisory assesses the more recent work published on soy protein and its component isoflavones. In the majority of 22 randomized trials, isolated soy protein with isoflavones, as compared with milk or other proteins, decreased LDL cholesterol concentrations; the average effect was approximate to 3%. This reduction is very small relative to the large amount of soy protein tested in these studies, averaging 50 g, about half the usual total daily protein intake. No significant effects on HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein(a), or blood pressure were evident. Among 19 studies of soy isoflavones, the average effect on LDL cholesterol and other lipid risk factors was nil. Soy protein and isoflavones have not been shown to lessen vasomotor symptoms of menopause, and results are mixed with regard to soy's ability to slow postmenopausal bone loss. The efficacy and safety of soy isoflavones for preventing or treating cancer of the breast, endometrium, and prostate are not established; evidence from clinical trials is meager and cautionary with regard to a possible adverse effect. For this reason, use of isoflavone supplements in food or pills is not recommended. Thus, earlier research indicating that soy protein has clinically important favorable effects as compared with other proteins has not been confirmed. In contrast, many soy products should be beneficial to cardiovascular and overall health because of their high content of polyunsaturated fats, fiber, vitamins, and minerals and low content of saturated fat.
URINARY CYCLIC-AMP ANALYZED AS A FUNCTION OF SERUM-CALCIUM AND PARATHYROID-HORMONE IN DIFFERENTIAL-DIAGNOSIS OF HYPERCALCEMIA; Urinary cyclic AMP (UcAMP) appropriate for the serum Ca concentration was determined in normal subjects during the base-line state and during alteration in their serum Ca concentrations by saline and Ca infusions. This was compared to the UcAMP in 76 patients with hypercalcemia and 5 patients with hypocalcemia. In 54 of 56 patients with primary hyperparathyroidism, the UcAMP was inappropriately high for their serum Ca concentration, the 2 exceptions having renal failure. In 4 patients with vitamin D intoxication, sarcoidosis, milk-alkali syndrome and thiazide-induced hypercalcemia and in 5 patients with hypocalcemia due to hypoparathyroidism, the UcAMP was appropriately low for their serum Ca concentration. In 16 patients with nonparathyroid neoplasms, 10 had UcAMP levels that were inappropriately high suggesting ectopic parathyroid hormone (PTH)-mediated hypercalcemia and 6 had UcAMP levels that were appropriately low, suggesting that their hypercalcemia was due to osteolytic factors other than PTH. Correlations between UcAMP, serum Ca concentration and carboxy-terminal immunoreactive PTH suggest that random UcAMP is a sensitive accurate reflection of circulating biologically active PTH. If there is adequate renal function (serum creatinine concentration less than 2.0 mg/dl), a random UcAMP expressed as .mu.mol/g creatinine and analyzed as a function of the serum Ca concentration completely separates patients with PTH and non-PTH-mediated hypercalcemia.
Iron status of middle-aged women in five counties of rural China; Objective: To determine the relationships of dietary iron sources, other dietary factors, and lifestyle to iron status among premenopausal and recently postmenopausal Chinese women with widely varying regional dietary patterns.
Total polyphenol intake estimated by a modified Folin-Ciocalteu assay of urine; Background: Plant polyphenols have been studied largely because of the possibility that they might underlie the protective effects afforded by fruit And vegetable intake against cancer and other chronic diseases. Measurement of polyphenol content excreted in urine as an indicator of potyphenol consumption may offer a routine screening method that could be used for these pathologies.
A New Light-Emitting, Fabric-Based Device for Photodynamic Therapy of Actinic Keratosis: Protocol for a Randomized, Controlled, Multicenter, Intra-Individual, Phase II Noninferiority Study (the Phosistos Study); Background: Actinic keratosis (AK) is a common early in situ skin carcinoma caused by long-term sun exposure and usually develops on sun-exposed skin areas. Left untreated, AK may progress to squamous cell carcinoma. To prevent such risk, most clinicians routinely treat AK. Therapy options for AK include cryotherapy, topical treatments, curettage, excision surgery, and photodynamic therapy (PDT).
Determination of Urinary Iodine Concentration by Inductively Coupled Plasma-mass Spectrometry in Thyroid Cancer Patients on Low-iodine Diet; Background : Thyroid cancer patients should be on low-iodine diet (LID) before radioactive iodine therapy (RAIT) to maximize the effect of RAIT. Urinary iodine excretion is the most accurate marker of very recent dietary iodine intake. We developed and evaluated the analytical performance of inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) to determine urinary iodine concentration.
Production performance, egg quality and biochemical parameters of three way crossbred chickens with reciprocal F<sub>1</sub> crossbred chickens in sub-tropical environment; A total of 225 hens (18 weeks of age) of each Rhode Island Red male x Fayoumi female (RIFI), Fayoumi male x Rhode Island Red female (FIRI) and White Leghorn male x FIRI female (RLH) were maintained on deep litter system for a period of 72 weeks of age. In floor pens, each crossbred chicken was randomly distributed between pens, with 21 to 24 birds of the same breed per pen (2.00 to 2.50 ft(2)/bird). The results revealed that the age of sexual maturity was lowest in RIFI followed by FIRI and RLH chickens. The highest egg production was obtained by three-way crossbred chickens (RLH) as compared with two-way crossbred chickens (RIFI and FIRI). The highest egg weight was observed in RLH than those of FIRI and RIFI crossbred chickens. The internal egg quality parameters included yolk weight, albumen weight, yolk + albumen weight and albumen height were same in all crossbred chickens. There was non-significant (P>0.05) difference in blood glucose, triglyceride, cholesterol, calcium, protein, uric acid and ALP values among all crossbred chickens. It may be concluded that three-way crossbred chickens (RLH) showed better egg traits than two-way crossbred chickens (RIFI and FIRI) with lower mortality. The RIFI crossbred chickens achieved sexual maturity earlier than both FIRI and RLH crossbred chickens with lower egg traits.
Socio-economic constraints on camel production in Pakistan's extensive pastoral farming; The present research is aimed to evaluate the diverse husbandry practices, ethno-veterinary practices, socio-economic status and distressing constraints of camel pastoralists inhabiting desert (Thal) areas of Pakistan, where they maintain herds of Marecha and Barela dromedaries in extensive production regimes. For this purpose, 200 pastoralists were selected at random to fill out an on-site questionnaire. According to the farmers' responses, it was perceived that their living status had improved in the last decades due to the progressive optimization of camel productivity and herdsmen responsiveness. In contrast, calf mortality rates, some traditional husbandry practices and the lack of market investments continued to be the major constraints affecting camel overall production. Ethno-veterinary medicines are widely applied as primary health care, thus influencing the general health, production potentials and relief of camels in the study region. With this scenario, concerned stakeholders and authorized institutions must re-evaluate the urgent needs of indigenous communities; their education and husbandry skills to promote economic/ financial support in low-income remote areas. In turn, traditional communities will be adapted to the changing socio-economic and cultural values with regard to camel husbandry and welfare. Current societal perceptions and demands within this livestock production industry, where camels are conceived as a sustainable food security animal, if accomplished to the highest possible extent, will increase effectiveness of the camel value chain and breeders' quality of life will be noticeably enhanced. However, this success could be multiplied if government may devise community education, veterinary cover, marketing facilitates and interest-free small loans for pastoralists.
Age-Related Dietary Habits and Blood Biochemical Parameters in Patients with and without Steatosis-MICOL Cohort; Background: Steatosis is now the most common liver disease in the world, present in approximately 25% of the global population. The aim of this study was to study the association between food intake and liver disease and evaluate the differences in blood parameters in age classes and steatosic condition. Methods: The present study included 1483 participants assessed in the fourth recall of the MICOL study. Patients were subdivided by age (</>65 years) and administered a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with 28 food groups. Results: The prevalence of steatosis was 55.92% in the adult group and 55.88% in the elderly group. Overall, the results indicated many statistically significant blood parameters and dietary habits. Analysis of food choices with a machine learning algorithm revealed that in the adult group, olive oil, grains, processed meat, and sweets were associated with steatosis, while the elderly group preferred red meat, dairy, seafood, and fruiting vegetables. Furthermore, the latter ate less as compared with the adult group. Conclusions: Many differences were found between the two age groups, both in blood parameters and food intake. The random forest also revealed different foods predicted steatosis in the two groups. Future analysis will be useful to understand the molecular basis of these differences and how different food intake causes steatosis in people of different ages.
An update on topical therapies for psoriasis; Purpose of reviewTopical therapies are a mainstay of treatment for mild psoriasis and may be a useful adjunct in treatment of moderate-to-severe psoriasis. This review summarizes recent advances in topical therapies for psoriasis and currently available treatments.Recent findingsTopical aryl hydrocarbon receptor modulators (tapinarof) and topical phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors (roflumilast) have been proven effective in randomized controlled trials for psoriasis. Although topical JAK inhibitors have also been studied, none are currently licensed for treatment of psoriasis. Topical corticosteroids and vitamin D analogues remain the most commonly used and widely available topical treatments for psoriasis. Cost may limit use of novel topical agents.SummaryAlthough the novel topical agents tapinarof and roflumilast are licensed for treatment of psoriasis by the FDA in the United States, they have not yet been licensed in Europe, and it remains to be seen whether they will be limited by cost.
β-Lactolin Reduces Age-Related Inflammation and Cognitive Decline; With the rapid increase in aging populations worldwide, there has been an increase in demand for preventive and therapeutic measures for age-related cognitive decline and dementia. Epidemiological studies show that consumption of dairy products reduces the risk for cognitive decline and dementia in the elderly. We have previously demonstrated in randomized trials that the consumption of beta-lactolin, a whey-derived Gly-Thr-Trp-Tyr lactotetrapeptide, improves cognitive function in older adults. Orally administered beta-lactolin is delivered to the brain and inhibits monoamine oxidase, resulting in alleviation of memory impairment. However, there is currently no evidence of the effects of long-term beta-lactolin intake on aging. Here, we found that the discrimination index in the novel object recognition test for object recognition memory was reduced in mice aged 20 months compared with that in young mice, indicating that age-related cognitive decline was induced in the aged mice; in aged mice fed beta-lactolin for 3 months, memory impairment was subsequently alleviated. In aged mice, impairment of light/dark activity cycles was found to be induced, which was subsequently alleviated by beta-lactolin consumption. Additionally, the number of activated microglia in the hippocampus and cortex and the production of cytokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha, macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha, and macrophage chemoattractant protein-1) were increased in aged mice compared with those in young mice but were reduced in aged mice fed beta-lactolin. The age-related hippocampal atrophy was improved in aged mice fed beta-lactolin. Cytochrome c levels in the hippocampus and cortex were increased in aged mice compared with those in young mice but were also reduced by beta-lactolin consumption. These results suggest that beta-lactolin consumption prevents neural inflammation and alleviates aging-related cognitive decline.</p>
Effect of bait and gear type on channel catfish catch and turtle bycatch in a reservoir; Hoop nets have become the preferred gear choice to sample channel catfish Ictalurus punctatus but the degree of bycatch can be high, especially due to the incidental capture of aquatic turtles. While exclusion and escapement devices have been developed and evaluated, few have examined bait choice as a method to reduce turtle bycatch. The use of ZoteTM soap has shown considerable promise to reduce bycatch of aquatic turtles when used with trotlines but its effectiveness in hoop nets has not been evaluated. We sought to determine the effectiveness of hoop nets baited with cheese bait or ZoteTM soap and trotlines baited with shad or ZoteTM soap as a way to sample channel catfish and prevent capture of aquatic turtles. We used a repeated-measures experimental design and treatment combinations were randomly assigned using a Latin-square arrangement. Eight sampling locations were systematically selected and then sampled with either hoop nets or trotlines using ZoteTM soap (both gears), waste cheese (hoop nets), or cut shad (trotlines). Catch rates did not statistically differ among the gear bait-type combinations. Size bias was evident with trotlines consistently capturing larger sized channel catfish compared to hoop nets. Results from a Monte Carlo bootstrapping procedure estimated the number of samples needed to reach predetermined levels of sampling precision to be lowest for trotlines baited with soap. Moreover, trotlines baited with soap caught no aquatic turtles, while hoop nets captured many turtles and had high mortality rates. We suggest that ZoteTM soap used in combination with multiple hook sizes on trotlines may be a viable alternative to sample channel catfish and reduce bycatch of aquatic turtles.
Plant stanol esters and blood cholesterol Scientific substantiation of a health claim related to plant stanol esters and lower/reduced blood cholesterol and reduced risk of (coronary) heart disease pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 Scientific Opinion of the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies; Following an application from McNeil Nutritionals, submitted pursuant to Article 14 of Regulation (EC) No 1924/2006 via the Competent Authority of United Kingdom, the Panel on Dietetic Products, Nutrition and Allergies was asked to deliver an opinion on the scientific substantiation of a health claim related to "Plant stanol esters and lowering/reducing blood cholesterol and reducing the risk of coronary heart disease".
Assessment of the genetic and clinical determinants of fracture risk: genome wide association and mendelian randomisation study; OBJECTIVE
Calcineurin inhibitors in oral medicine; Topically applied calcineurin inhibitors have been Suggested to be of some benefit in the treatment of immunologically mediated oral mucosal disorders, particularly oral lichen planus. This article reviews the Current evidence of the efficacy and safety of topical calcineurin inhibitor agents in the management of different oral conditions. Current evidence Suggests that topical tacrolimus and pimecrolimus may be of benefit (at least in the short term) in the treatment Of immunologically mediated oral mucosal disease, especially oral lichen planus that has not responded to topical corticosteroids. Both tacrolimus and pimecrolimus are minimally absorbed through the oral mucosa and give rise to few clinically significant local or systemic adverse side effects. There is little evidence to indicate that topical cyclosporine is more effective than topical corticosteroids for the treatment of immunologically mediated oral mucosal disease. Currently, there is no objective evidence suggesting that topical tacrolimus or pimecrolimus increase the risk of oral malignancy associated with oral lichen planus. There is a need for well-designed randomized controlled trials to establish the precise efficacy of topical calcineurin inhibitors for the treatment of immunologically mediated oral mucosal disease. (J Am Acad Dermatol 2009;61:829-40.)
Intake and adipose tissue composition of fatty acids and risk of myocardial infarction in a male Portuguese community sample; Objective To evaluate the relation between intake and adipose tissue composition of fatty acids and acute myocardial infarction in Portuguese men.
Calcium supplements to prevent colorectal adenomas; Calcium supplements have been shown to decrease the risk of colorectal adenomas. In this issue of the Journal, Shaukat et al. report the results of a systematic review and metaanalysis of randomized controlled trials of calcium supplementation. The authors statistically combined the data from the three trials that met strict eligibility criteria. The overall relative risk was 0.80 (95% CI: 0.68-0.93) and the number needed to treat was 14. The results of this metaanalysis support a preventive role for calcium supplements.
Structure and Anti-Tumor Activity of Bovine α-Lactalbumin after Binding Linoleic Acid; The structure changes of alpha-lactalbumin after binding oleic acid and linoleic acid, including hydrophobic amino acids, hydrophobic regions, tertiary structure, secondary structure, was studied by intrinsic fluorescence, ANS-binding intrinsic fluorescence and circular dichroism spectrum, respectively. The anti-tumor activity of the lactalbumin-oleic acid complex and lactalbumin-linoleic acid complex was measured using the methylene blue method. It can be seen from the fluorescence spectra that a significant red-shift from 331.07 to 337.67 nm and 337.60 nm of alpha-lactalbumin occurred after binding of oleic acid and linoleic acid, respectively. Together with the ANS-binding spectra, which exhibited a blue-shift (from 516.20 to 514.10 nm and 508.50 nm, respectively) with an increased fluorescence intensity, it can be indicated that binding of oleic acid and linoleic acid lead to the exposure of hydrophobic amino acids and hydrophobic regions. Results of circular dichroism spectra indicated the partial loss of the tertiary structure, and an decrease of beta-turn and random coil, which turn to the p-sheet structure. Furthermore, the antitumor activity of the two complexes was verified on the three types of tumor cells. This study laid a theoretical basis for the development of anti-tumor drugs.
Vaccine-Induced Control of Viral Shedding following Rhesus Cytomegalovirus Challenge in Rhesus Macaques; The use of animal models of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) infection is critical to refine HCMV vaccine candidates. Previous reports have demonstrated that immunization of rhesus monkeys against rhesus cytomegalovirus (RhCMV) can reduce both local and systemic replication of RhCMV following experimental RhCMV challenge. These studies used prime/boost combinations of DNA expression plasmids alone or DNA priming and boosting with either inactivated virion particles or modified vaccinia virus Ankara (MVA) expressing the same antigens. Viral outcomes included reduced RhCMV replication at the site of subcutaneous inoculation and RhCMV viremia following intravenous inoculation. Since shedding of cytomegalovirus from mucosal surfaces is critical for horizontal transmission of the virus, DNA priming/MVA boosting was evaluated for the ability to reduce oral shedding of RhCMV following subcutaneous challenge. Of six rhesus monkeys vaccinated exclusively against RhCMV glycoprotein B (gB), phosphoprotein 65 (pp65), and immediate-early 1 (IE1), half showed viral loads in saliva that were lower than those of control monkeys by 1 to 3 orders of magnitude. Further, there was a strong association of memory pp65 T cell responses postchallenge in animals exhibiting the greatest reduction in oral shedding. These results highlight the fact that a DNA/MVA vaccination regimen can achieve a notable reduction in a critical parameter of viral replication postchallenge. The recently completed clinical trial of a gB subunit vaccine in which the rate of HCMV infection was reduced by 50% in the individuals receiving the vaccine is consistent with the results of this study suggesting that additional immunogens are likely essential for maximum protection in an outbred human population.
Lifestyle and behavioural interventions for men on watchful waiting with uncomplicated lower urinary tract symptoms: a national multidisciplinary survey; OBJECTIVE
Calcium intake and breast cancer risk: meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Findings from observational studies have suggested a possible relation between Ca and breast cancer risk. However, the results of these studies are inconclusive, and the dose-response relationship between Ca intake and risk of breast cancer remains to be determined. A meta-analysis of prospective studies was conducted to address these issues. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies concerning the association between Ca intake and breast cancer up to March 2016. The summary relative risks (RR) with 95 % CI were calculated with a random-effects model. The final analysis included eleven prospective cohort studies involving 26 606 cases and 872 895 participants. The overall RR of breast cancer for high v. low intake of Ca was 092 (95 % CI 085, 099), with moderate heterogeneity (P=0026, I-2=442 %). In the subgroup analysis, the inverse association appeared stronger for premenopausal breast cancer (RR 075; 95 % CI 059, 096) than for postmenopausal breast cancer (RR 094; 95 % CI 087, 101). Dose-response analysis revealed that each 300 mg/d increase in Ca intake was associated with 2 % (RR 098; 95 % CI 096, 099), 8 % (RR 092; 95 % CI 087, 098) and 2 % (RR 098; 95 % CI 097, 099) reduction in the risk of total, premenopausal and postmenopausal breast cancer, respectively. Our findings suggest an inverse dose-response association between Ca intake and risk of breast cancer.
Calcium intake and risk of colon cancer in women and men; Calcium has been hypothesized to reduce the risk of colon cancer, and in a recent randomized trial, calcium supplementation was associated with reduction in the risk of recurrent colorectal adenomas. We examined the association between calcium intake and colon cancer risk in two prospective cohorts, the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (HPFS). Methods: Our study population included 87998 women in NHS and 47 344 men in HPFS who, at baseline (1980 for NHS and 1986 for HPFS), completed a food frequency questionnaire and provided information on medical history and lifestyle factors. Dietary information was updated at least every 4 years. During the follow-up period (1980 to May 31, 1996 for the NHS cohort; 1986 to January 31, 1996 for the HPFS cohort), 626 and 399 colon cancer cases were identified in women and men, respectively. Pooled logistic regression was used to estimate relative risks (RRs), and all statistical tests were two-sided. Results: In women and men considered together, we found an inverse association between higher total calcium intake (>1250 mg/day versus less than or equal to500 mg/day) and distal colon cancer (women: multivariate RR = 0.73, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.41 to 1.27; men: RR = 0.58, 95 % CI = 0.32 to 1.05; pooled RR = 0.65, 95% CI = 0.43 to 0.98). No such association was found for proximal colon cancer (women: RR = 1.28, 95 % CI = 0.75 to 2.16; men: RR 0.92, 95 % CI = 0.45 to 1.87; pooled RR = 1.14, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.81). The incremental benefit of additional calcium intake beyond approximately 700 mg/day appeared to be minimal. Conclusions: Higher calcium intake is associated with a reduced risk of distal colon cancer. The observed risk pattern was consistent with a threshold effect, suggesting that calcium intake beyond moderate levels may not be associated with a further risk reduction. Future investigations on this association should concentrate on specific cancer subsites and on the dose-response relationship.
Arazyme Suppresses Hepatic Steatosis and Steatohepatitis in Diet-Induced Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease-Like Mouse Model; Arazyme, a metalloprotease from the spider Nephila clavata, exerts hepatoprotective activity in CCL4-induced acute hepatic injury. This study investigated the hepatoprotective effects in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-like C57BL/6J mice. The mice were randomly divided into four groups (n = 10/group): the normal diet group, the HFD group, the arazyme group (HFD with 0.025% arazyme), and the milk thistle (MT) group (HFD with 0.1% MT). Dietary supplementation of arazyme for 13 weeks significantly lowered plasma triglyceride (TG) and non-esterified fatty acid levels. Suppression of HFD-induced hepatic steatosis in the arazyme group was caused by the reduced hepatic TG and total cholesterol (TC) contents. Arazyme supplementation decreased hepatic lipogenesis-related gene expression, sterol regulatory element-binding transcription protein 1 (Srebf1), fatty acid synthase (Fas), acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 (Acc1), stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (Scd1), Scd2, glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase (Gpam), diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1 (Dgat1), and Dgat2. Arazyme directly reduced palmitic acid (PA)-induced TG accumulation in HepG2 cells. Arazyme suppressed macrophage infiltration and tumor necrosis factor (Tnfa), interleukin-1 (Il1b), and chemokine-ligand-2 (Ccl2) expression in the liver, and inhibited secretion of TNF and expression of inflammatory mediators, Tnfa, Il1b, Ccl2, Ccl3, Ccl4, and Ccl5, in PA-induced RAW264.7 cells. Arazyme effectively protected hepatic steatosis and steatohepatitis by inhibiting SREBP-1-mediated lipid accumulation and macrophage-mediated inflammation.
Therapeutic strategies for actinic keratoses - a systematic review; An exponentially increasing incidence, malignant potential and economical interest have made actinic keratoses (AKs) a strategic healthcare issue. The debate whether AKs are precursor lesions or in situ cancers with a continuum towards invasive squamous cell carcinoma has faded, given the millions of affected individuals. Cumulative exposure to ultraviolet light and increasing life expectancy, together with an over-aged, therefore increasingly affected population, create responsibilities for clinicians. Guidelines in the UK (2007) and Europe (2011), meta-analyses and overviews of selected treatment options, as well as some selected combined treatment strategies, are available. No comprehensive overview providing explicit details of randomized studies, including the majority of approved and popular treatment options, and designating evidence-based criteria has been published so far, a goal desirable to avoid a biased perspective on therapeutic approaches. This review defines the state of art for destructive and topical treatment options based on randomized trials which meet criteria like > 30 patients in an intention-to-treat analysis, an easily reproducible study design with responses rated towards treatment as the major objective, measured as complete remission. Epidemiological data include grades and location of treated AKs, operational procedures, cryotherapy, laser therapy, 3% diclofenac in 2.5% hyaluronic acid, 2.5%, 3.75% and 5% imiquimod, 0.5% and 5% 5-fluorouracil, photodynamic therapy including ALA-patches. Sequential and combined approaches in daily practice and in developing study design might profit from the details of studies listed here. Divergent and treatment-specific proceedings, response rates after definite time intervals aiding physicians' further guidance and their management of patients are elucidated. Uncommon and new therapeutic options are discussed.
Eating patterns may mediate the association between marital status, body mass index, and blood cholesterol levels in apparently healthy men and women from the ATTICA study; Marital status has been recognized as a significant health-influencing factor, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The aim of the present paper was to evaluate whether eating habits mediate the relationship between marital status and levels of CVD risk factors among apparently healthy men and women from the ATTICA Study. During 2001-2002, we randomly enrolled 1514 men (18-87 years old) and 1528 women (18-89 years old) from the Attica area, Greece; the sampling was stratified by the age-gender distribution of the region. Participants underwent clinical, anthropometric and psychological assessment. Food consumption was assessed through a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Participants were classified as never married, married, divorced and widowed. Discriminant analysis revealed that vegetable consumption, followed by red meat, potatoes, poultry, and soft drinks were the factors with the higher discriminating ability among the food groups studied. In particular, dietary patterns of never married participants were characterized by the consumption of potatoes and red meat, those of married participants by nuts, legumes and fish, those of divorced participants by fruits, cereals and soft drinks, whereas those of widowed participants by dairy, vegetables, sweets and poultry. In addition, never married and divorced participants reported eating fast-foods more frequently and drink less alcohol compared to married or widowed participants. After controlling for potential confounders (i.e., age, gender, physical activity, anxiety score and smoking habits), the reported marital status of the participants was associated only with body mass index and total serum cholesterol levels. When the analysis was repeated after taking into account the information on dietary habits by creating four "new" dietary-adjusted marital status groups, no significant association was revealed between marital status and body mass index and blood cholesterol levels. This finding implies that, in our population, eating patterns may explain the observed differences between marital status and selected CVD risk factors. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
MS-20, A Chemotherapeutical Adjuvant, Reduces Chemo-Associated Fatigue and Appetite Loss in Cancer Patients; A small pilot study of the fermented soybean extract MicrSoy-20(MS-20) demonstrated its ability to restore chemotherapy-induced immunosuppression and improve quality of life (QoL). This randomized, cross-over, comparative trial was conducted to confirm the effects of MS-20 on QoL and to understand its underlying mechanism when used in conjunction with chemotherapy. One hundred forty-three patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Group 1 was administered MS-20 for 1 wk followed by 3 wk of concomitant MS-20 plus chemotherapy. Group 2 was administered chemotherapy for 3 wk. QoL was assessed by the EORTC/QLQ-C30 questionnaire and visual analogue scales (VAS). Changes in immunological parameters and antioxidant profiles were also examined. Significant increases were observed in EORTC/QLQ-C30 scores for physical (4.45, P = 0.023) and social (3.99, P = 0.023) functioning in Group 1 patients compared to Group 2 patients. VAS scores for fatigue and appetite loss significantly improved with MS-20 treatment (P < 0.001). Group 1 patients exhibited smaller decreases in peripheral blood mononuclear cells compared to Group 2 patients (P = 0.026). Other immunological parameters, antioxidant, and safety profiles were not significantly different between treatment groups. Addition of MS-20 as an adjuvant to chemotherapy can be effective in improving QoL for cancer patients.
Statistical models for estimating the genetic basis of repeated measures and other function-valued traits; The genetic analysis of characters that are best considered as functions of some independent and continuous variable, such as age, can be a complicated matter, and a simple and efficient procedure is desirable. Three methods are common in the literature: random regression, orthogonal polynomial approximation, and character process models. The goals of this article are (i) to clarify the relationships between these methods; (ii) to develop a general extension of the character process model that relaxes correlation stationarity, its most stringent assumption; and (iii) to compare and contrast the techniques and evaluate their performance across a range of actual and simulated data. We find that the character process model, as described in 1999 by Fletcher and Geyer, is the most successful method of analysis for the range of data examined in this study. It provides a reasonable description of a wide range of different covariance structures, and it results in the best models for actual data. Our analysis suggests genetic variance for Drosophila mortality declines with age, while genetic variance is constant at all ages for reproductive output. For growth in beef cattle, however, genetic variance increases linearly from birth, and genetic correlations are high across all observed ages.
Potential for a localized immune response by the ruminal epithelium in nonpregnant heifers following a short-term subacute ruminal acidosis challenge; The aim of this study was to investigate whether the ruminal epithelium activates a local inflammatory response following a short-term subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) challenge. Seven ruminally cannulated, nonpregnant, nonlactating beef heifers, fed a baseline total mixed ration (TMR) with 50:50 forage-to-concentrate ratio, were used in a crossover design with 2 periods and 2 treatments: SARA and control (CON). Induction of SARA included feed restriction (25% of dry matter intake [DMI] for 24 h) followed by a grain overload (30% of baseline DMI) and provision of the full TMR; whereas, the CON group received the TMR ad libitum. Ruminal pH was recorded using indwelling probes, and ruminal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) concentration was measured daily following the challenge until d 6. Biopsies of ruminal papillae from the ventral sac were collected on d 2 and 6 after the grain overload. Transcript abundance of genes associated with acute inflammation was measured by quantitative real-time PCR, normalized to the geometric mean of 3 stable housekeeping genes. Target genes included toll-like receptor-2 (TLR2), TLR4, TLR9, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFA), prostaglandin endoperoxide synthase-1 (PTGS1), PTGS2 transforming growth factor beta-1 (TGFB1), and 4 intermediate enzymes of leukotriene synthesis (ALOX5, ALOX5AP, LTA4H, and LTC4S). Protein localization and expression of TLR4 were quantified by image analysis of fluorescence intensity. Statistical analysis was performed using as a crossover design with fixed effects of treatment, day, and the treatment x day interaction with the random effect of day within period. Ruminal pH was below 5.6 for 4.5 h/d and below 5.8 for 6.9 h/d in the SARA group compared with 22 and 72 min/d, respectively, for CON. Ruminal LPS concentration peaked on d 2 in SARA heifers at 51,481 endotoxin units (EU)/mL compared with 13,331 EU/mL in CON. Following grain overload, small but statistically significant decreases in the transcriptional abundance of TLR2, TLR4, TNF, PTGS2, ALOX5, and ALOX5AP were seen in SARA versus CON heifers. A functionally relevant decrease in TLR4 expression in SARA heifers compared with CON was confirmed by a decrease in fluorescence intensity of the corresponding protein following immunohistofluorescent staining of papillae. The study results indicate a suppression of the inflammatory response in the ruminal epithelium and suggest that the response is tightly regulated, allowing for tissue recovery and return to homeostasis following SARA.
Assessment of the buffering and adaptive mechanisms underlying the economic resilience of sheep-meat farms; The sustainability of livestock systems can be assessed through their productive and environmental performance, the ecosystem services they provide or their resilience to hazards. We used a modelling approach to assess how key economic performance indicators respond to technical and market hazards in five different meat-sheep farms, across France and Ireland. Hazards were related to seven technical or economic variables: ewe fertility, prolificacy, lamb mortality, prices of light and heavy lambs, concentrate use and energy use. We used a mechanistic model to simulate farm functioning and assess farm performance over 3000 iterations, based on simultaneous random draws with hazards to the previously mentioned seven variables. We quantified this way (i) the compensatory effects of different types of technical and economic mechanisms that lead to more stable economic performance and (ii) the probability of economic collapse of meat-sheep farms through a diachronic analysis. We showed that variations in technical variables have larger effects on income variability than variations in economic variables. We also showed that the most resilient systems, i.e. those with the lowest coefficient of variation of net income, are those that combine a low level of inputs with at least two lambing periods per year. Short duration of pregnancy in ewes makes multiperiod lambing possible, which can buffer the variability of technical variables and enhance the adaptive capability of the system by offering the possibility to move empty ewes to a new batch for re-mating. We thus analysed for the first time farm economic resilience to combined technical and economic hazards, and highlighted the buffer and adaptive mechanisms of resilience, with a mechanistic model.
A randomized double-blind trial on perioperative administration of probiotics in colorectal cancer patients; AIM: To investigate whether probiotic bacteria, given perioperatively, might adhere to the colonic mucosa, reduce concentration of pathogens in stools, and modulate the local immune function.
Daylight Photodynamic Therapy for Actinic Keratoses; Topical photodynamic therapy (PDT) using daylight is effective in the treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs), offering the potential for treatment of large fields such as full face and balding scalp, but with minimal therapy-associated pain. Comparison with conventional PDT indicates similar efficacy for thin and moderate-thickness AKs, but with significantly less discomfort/pain, driving a patient preference for daylight-mediated PDT (DL-PDT) compared with conventional PDT using high-intensity office/hospital-based light sources. Treatment protocol involves the application of a photosensitizing agent without occlusion and subsequent exposure to ambient daylight within 30min, with patients exposed to daylight for 1.5-2.0h. Pivotal randomized controlled trials in Europe and Australia have confirmed the efficacy of methyl aminolevulinic acid (MAL) DL-PDT in comparison with conventional MAL-PDT for mild and moderate-thickness lesions on the face and scalp. Initial clearance rates of 70-89% are reported. DL-PDT using a nanoemulsion aminolevulinic acid (ALA) has recently been shown to be at least as effective as MAL DL-PDT in treating mild and moderate-thickness AKs. DL-PDT may offer a better-tolerated method for treating patients with extensive AK disease. There is emerging literature on the potential for field PDT to reduce the number of new AKs developing, potentially preventing/slowing skin cancer development. Conventional PDT remains established as a therapy for Bowen's disease (squamous cell carcinoma in situ), superficial and certain thin basal cell carcinomas (BCCs), and AKs. The evidence for the use of DL-PDT beyond AK is limited, although has been reported in actinic cheilitis, superficial BCC, and acne and cutaneous leishmaniasis. There is emerging interest in combination therapy for AK, using one or more field therapies such as DL-PDT as an option to complement with localized treatment for residual lesions. We review current recommendations and consider the appropriate place for DL-PDT in our treatment armamentarium.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus reuteri</i> NCIMB 30242 reduces cholesterol and heart disease risk factors; Cardiovascular disease remains the world's main cause of mortality and is linked to high blood cholesterol and chronic low grade inflammation. The use of probiotics for cholesterol lowering has been extensively studied and is considered a prospective option to prevent cardiovascular disease. We review the clinical safety and efficacy in cholesterol lowering with BSH-active probiotic Lactobacillus reuteri NCIMB 30242, including two randomized clinical studies showing significant reductions of LDL-C of 8.92% (P=0.016) in yogurt and 11.64% (P=0.001) in capsules. Other lipids and markers of inflammation were also significantly reduced. Further, we also provide mechanistic insights as well as clinically demonstrated enzymatic activity of the selected microorganism. Finally, we describe the potential of BSH-active probiotics in other applications
Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern among the population of the Balearic Islands; The aim of the present study was to assess the prevalence of the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) in the population of the Balearic Islands and socio-demographic and lifestyle factors that might determine adherence to the MDP. A cross-sectional nutritional survey was carried out in the Balearic Islands between 1999 and 2000. A random sample(n 1200) of the adult population (16-65 years) was interviewed. Dietary questionnaires incorporating questions related to socio-economic status, education level, lifestyle factors and health status were utilised. Dietary habits were assessed by means of two 24 It recalls, and a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Adherence to the MDP was defined according to a score constructed considering the consumption of nine MDP characteristic components: high MUFA:saturated fatty acids ratio. moderate ethanol consumption, high legumes, cereals and roots, fruits, vegetables, and fish consumption, and low consumption of meat and milk. Then, socio-demographic, lifestyle and health status variables that could determine a higher or lower adherence were assessed. Adherence to the MDP among the population of the Balearic Islands was found to be 43.1 (SD 5.8)%, and was similar in all socio-demographic and lifestyle groups, with some differences according to age, sex and physical status. There was an increase in the percentage of adherence with age, which was greater in males than in females. A more physically active lifestyle was associated with a higher adherence to the MDP. The promotion of the Mediterranean lifestyle, including the MDP and greater physical activity, should be reinforced in the population of the Balearic Islands and especially in the younger generations.
Why do women doctors in the UK take hormone replacement therapy?; Study objectives-To ascertain the determinants and experiences of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) use by menopausal women doctors.
EATING BEHAVIOURS OF ITALIAN ADULTS: RESULTS OF THE OSSERVATORIO EPIDEMIOLOGICO CARDIOVASCOLARE/HEALTH EXAMINATION SURVEY; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008-2012.
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Diseases in Asia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; With emerging Asian-derived diet quality indices and data-driven dietary patterns available, we aimed to synthesize the various dietary patterns and quantify its association with cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among Asian populations. We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science for observational studies in South, Southeast, and East Asia. Dietary patterns were grouped " high- quality, " which included high intakes of three or more of the following food groups: 1 ) fruits and vegetables, 2 ) whole grains, 3 ) healthy protein sources (legumes and nuts, fi sh and seafood, low-fat dairy, and lean meat and poultry), and 4 ) liquid plant oils. High-quality patterns were further subcategorized based on their derivation methods: non-Asian indices, Asian indices, data-driven patterns, and plant-based indices. Dietary patterns were grouped " low-quality, " which included high intakes of two or more of the following: 5 ) ultraprocessed food, 6 ) beverages and foods with added sugars, 7 ) foods high in salt, and 8 ) alcoholic beverages. Data-driven dietary patterns characterized by animal food sources were labeled " animal-based, " and studies using dietary diversity scores were labeled " diet diversity indices. " Dietary patterns that could not be meaningfully categorized were summarized narratively. Study-speci fi c effect estimates were pooled using a random-effects model. Forty-one studies were included in this review. Higher adherence to high-quality dietary patterns in the top compared with bottom tertile de fi ned by non-Asian indices (RR: 0.78; 95% CI: 0.69, 0.88; GRADE: moderate), Asian indices (RR: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.90; GRADE: low), and data-driven patterns (RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.74, 0.89; GRADE: moderate) were associated with lower CVD risk. Plant-based, low-quality, animal-based, and diet diversity indices dietary patterns were not associated with CVD. Associations of Asian diet quality indices and CVD risk were weaker than those with non-Asian indices, highlighting the need for current Asian diet quality criteria to be updated to better capture the impact of diet on CVD.
Contrasting genes conferring short- and long- term biofilm adaptation in <i>Listeria</i>; Listeria monocytogenes is an opportunistic food -borne bacterium that is capable of infecting humans with high rates of hospitalization and mortality. Natural populations are genotypically and phenotypically variable, with some lineages being responsible for most human infections. The success of L. monocytogenes is linked to its capacity to persist on food and in the environment. Biofilms are an important feature that allow these bacteria to persist and infect humans, so understanding the genetic basis of biofilm formation is key to understanding transmission. We sought to investigate the biofilm-forming ability of L. monocytogenes by identifying genetic variation that underlies biofilm formation in natural populations using genome- wide association studies (GWAS). Changes in gene expression of specific strains during biofilm formation were then investigated using RNA sequencing (RNA- seq). Genetic variation associated with enhanced biofilm formation was identified in 273 genes by GWAS and differential expression in 220 genes by RNA- seq. Statistical analyses show that the number of overlapping genes flagged by either type of experiment is less than expected by random sampling. This novel finding is consistent with an evolutionary scenario where rapid adaptation is driven by variation in gene expression of pioneer genes, and this is followed by slower adaptation driven by nucleotide changes within the core genome.
Nut Consumption and Risk of Cancer: A Meta-analysis of Prospective Studies; Background: Epidemiologic studies have investigated the association between nut intake and risk for multiple cancers. However, current findings are inconsistent and no definite conclusion has been drawn from prospective studies. We therefore conducted this meta-analysis to evaluate the relationship between nut consumption and risk of cancer.
Newborns with Bloody Stools-At the Crossroad between Efficient Management of Necrotizing Enterocolitis and Antibiotic Stewardship; The onset of bloody stools in neonates often results in antibiotic treatment for suspected necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Food protein-induced allergic proctocolitis (FPIAP) is an often-neglected differential diagnosis. We performed a retrospective analysis of antibiotic exposure at our tertiary center from 2011 to 2020 that included three time periods of differing antimicrobial stewardship goals. We compared these data with the conventional treatment guidelines (modified Bell's criteria). In our cohort of 102 neonates with bloody stools, the length of antibiotic exposure was significantly reduced from a median of 4 to 2 days. The proportion of treated neonates decreased from 100% to 55% without an increase in negative outcomes. There were 434 antibiotic days. Following a management strategy according to modified Bell's criteria would have led to at least 780 antibiotic days. The delayed initiation of antibiotic treatment was observed in 7 of 102 cases (6.9%). No proven NEC case was missed. Mortality was 3.9%. In conclusion, with FPIAP as a differential diagnosis of NEC, an observational management strategy in neonates with bloody stools that present in a good clinical condition seems to be justified. This may lead to a significant reduction of antibiotic exposure. Further prospective, randomized trials are needed to prove the safety of this observational approach.
The association between food patterns and the metabolic syndrome using principal components analysis: The ATTICA study; Background Dietary habits have been associated with the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome.
Methicillin-Resistant <i>Staphylococcus aureus</i> Carriage among Neonate Mothers, Healthcare Workers, and Environmental Samples in Neonatal Intensive Care Units: A Systematic Review; Background. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates admitted to neonatal intensive care units (NICUs). The MRSA colonization of neonates, attributed to various sources, including mothers, healthcare workers, and environmental surfaces, can lead to severe infection, prolonged hospital stays, and even death, imposing substantial economic burdens. Given the pressing need to mitigate MRSA spread in these vulnerable environments, further examination of the subject is warranted. This systematic review is aimed at synthesizing available evidence on MRSA carriage proportions among mothers of newborns, healthcare workers, and environmental surfaces in NICUs. Methodology. We included observational studies published in English or French from database inception to March 21, 2023. These studies focused on MRSA in nonoutbreak NICU settings, encompassing healthy neonate mothers and healthcare workers, and environmental surfaces. Literature search involved systematic scanning of databases, including Medline, Embase, Web of Science, Global Health, and Global Index Medicus. The quality of the selected studies was assessed using the Hoy et al. critical appraisal scale. The extracted data were summarized to calculate the pooled proportion of MRSA positives, with a 95% confidence interval (CI) based on the DerSimonian and Laird random-effects model. Results. A total of 1891 articles were retrieved from which 16 studies were selected for inclusion. Most of the studies were from high-income countries. The pooled proportion of MRSA carriage among 821 neonate mothers across four countries was found to be 2.1% (95% CI: 0.3-5.1; I-2=76.6%, 95% CI: 36.1-91.5). The proportion of MRSA carriage among 909 HCWs in eight countries was determined to be 9.5% (95% CI: 3.1-18.4; I-2=91.7%, 95% CI: 87.1-94.6). The proportion of MRSA carriage among HCWs was highest in the Western Pacific Region, at 50.00% (95% CI: 23.71-76.29). In environmental specimens from five countries, a pooled proportion of 16.6% (95% CI: 3.5-36.0; I-2=97.7%, 95% CI: 96.6-98.4) was found to be MRSA-positive. Conclusion. With a significant heterogeneity, our systematic review found high MRSA carriage rates in neonate mothers, healthcare workers, and across various environmental surfaces in NICUs, posing a potential risk of nosocomial infections. Urgent interventions, including regular screening and decolonization of MRSA carriers, reinforcing infection control measures, and enhancing cleaning and disinfection procedures within NICUs, are crucial. This trial is registered with CRD42023407114.
PRODUCTION AND HEALTH PARAMETERS IN CATTLE HERDS: A SURVEY FROM EASTERN TURKEY; In terms of its cattle population Erzurum constitutes a model for cattle management in eastern Turkey. The study was aimed at the assessment of the structure and health conditions of the cattle herds bred in Erzurum province from the perspective of alignment with the relevant European Union acquis. Randomly selected 379 cattle herds and data collected by means of a questionnaire, constituted the material of the study. It was determined that, the mean age of the cattle breeders operating in the province was 44 years old and that the breeders were generally of a low educational profile. The mean number of cattle per herd was 18. In the majority of the herds, no vaccination programme was applied, and it was observed that early postnatal calf mortality reached a level of 16%. Despite the presence of vast pasture areas in Erzurum province, poor pasture quality and low level of roughage production are of major concern. Furthermore, the lack of necessary precautions to protect the health of cattle herds, reduces the production level.
The effect of copper-amended fertiliser and copper oxide wire particles on the copper status of farmed red deer (<i>Cervus elaphus</i>) and their progeny; AIM: To determine changes in serum and liver copper concentrations in postnatal, weaner, yearling, and mature deer after grazing pasture topdressed with copper (Cu) at two rates of application of copper sulphate (CuSO4.5H(2)O), and following oral administration of copper oxide (CuO) wire particles to some of the deer.
To evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of topical 5% imiquimod in cases of oral leukoplakia: A pilot study; Background: Oral leukoplakia is a condition commonly associated with tobacco use. The literature also has documentation pertaining to likely cancerous transformation of leukoplakia. It is always a challenge to discover a therapeutic modality to prevent this transformation. Imiquimod is an immune response modifier possessing antiviral and anti-tumor activity which is being explored as an off label use in many cancerous conditions. Aim: To show any regression in oral leukoplakia and to test its safety and tolerability. Setting and Design: This is a randomized, open-label, single-centered clinical pilot study carried out with Imiquimod. Material and Methods: Two groups OPD of dental college with topical 5% Imiquimod and Topical Vitamin A (50,000 IU) were compared for their efficacy in the management of oral leukoplakia, pre- and post-treatment clinically and regression of oral dysplasia was observed histopathologically. Unit of improvement was noted for assessing the effectiveness of treatment. Statistical Analysis: Quantitative data were analyzed by Wilcoxon signed test. Results: Topical 5% Imiquimod application resulted in good clinical response +1, +2 unit of improvement with more regression of lesion noted in non-homogeneous leukoplakia and areas with less salivary contamination. Topical Imiquimod 5% is the best alternative to conservative management of moderate to severe dysplasia cases where we can offer more to the patient than just observation, and it is also better than a surgical option where surgery leads to more morbidity, in recurrent cases.
Meta-Analyses of Vitamin D Intake, 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Status, Vitamin D Receptor Polymorphisms, and Colorectal Cancer Risk; Background: Our objective was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies on colorectal cancer (CRC) and vitamin D intake and 25-hydroxyvitamin D status, as part of the World Cancer Research Fund Continuous Update Project. We also aimed at conducting meta-analysis of all studies on CRC and vitamin D receptor (VDR) single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
Vitamin D Intake, Blood 25-Hydroxyvitamin D, and Risk of Ovarian Cancer: A Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Background: In vitro research suggests that vitamin D may protect against the risk of ovarian cancer. However, ecological and epidemiologic evidence is still debatable.Materials and Methods: We searched eligible studies via MEDLINE and Web of Science databases, as well as a hand search to examine the association between vitamin D intake or blood 25(OH)D (25-hydroxyvitamin D) and ovarian cancer risk in a meta-analysis. The overall relative risk (RR) was determined using a random-effect model.Results: For ovarian cancer incidence, 15 observational studies were included [5,634 cases for vitamin D intake and 975 cases for blood 25(OH)D]. For overall vitamin D intake (from food and supplements), the pooled RR of ovarian cancer risk for the highest versus lowest groups was 0.92 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.74-1.14). For blood 25(OH)D levels, however, people with high blood 25(OH)D levels had 37% lower risk of ovarian cancer than those with low levels (pooled RR = 0.63; 95% CI: 0.42-0.93). By study design, the inverse association was stronger in case-control studies than in prospective studies. The dose-response meta-analysis also supports the inverse association between blood 25(OH)D levels and ovarian cancer risk. When the pooled RRs were restricted to studies that adjusted for body mass index (BMI), they tended to be stronger, but the difference by adjustment for BMI was not significant.Conclusion: Our findings suggest that having a high blood 25(OH)D level is associated with a lower risk of ovarian cancer. More well-designed prospective studies are needed to confirm the link between vitamin D status and ovarian cancer risk.
Prevalence of Undernutrition and Its Associated Factors Among Lactating Women in the Shebedino District, Sidama Regional State, Ethiopia; Background: Ensuring the nutritional status of lactating women is crucial to prevent maternal morbidity and mortality in poor countries like Ethiopia. Hence, this study aimed to assess the prevalence of undernutrition and its associated factors among lactating women in Shebedino district, Sidama Regional State, Ethiopia. Methods: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among randomly selected 612 lactating women from February to March 2020. Data were collected by using an interviewer-administered, structured, and pretested questionnaire. Also, physical measurements (weight, height, and body mass index) were measured by using standardized and calibrated instruments. Data entered into Epi data version 3.1 and exported to SPSS version 23 for further analysis. Descriptive statistics, bivariable, and multivariable logistic regression analysis were done. A P-value of <=.05 was used to consider the statistical significance. Result: The prevalence of undernutrition was 25.9% (95% CI: 22.5, 29.5). Having polygamous husband (AOR = 3.47, 95% CI: 1.13, 10.68), belonged to households with less than 5 members (AOR = 1.81, 95% CI: 1.16, 2.83), abortion history in the last 6 months (AOR = 3.09, 95% CI: 1.73, 5.51), poor household wealth status (AOR = 3.85, 95% CI: 1.89, 7.81), and medium wealth status (AOR = 2.07, 95% CI: 1.06, 4.03) were factors positively associated with undernutrition. Conclusion: Undernutrition among lactating women was high in the study area. Attention should be given to the economic status of the women, family planning services, abortion prevention, and habits of marrying more than 1 wife (polygamy).
Sodium Butyrate Inhibits the Inflammation of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Acute Lung Injury in Mice by Regulating the Toll-Like Receptor 4/Nuclear Factor κB Signaling Pathway; Bacterial pneumonia is a common disease in dairy herds worldwide, which brings great economic losses to farmers. Sodium butyrate (SB), an inhibitor of histone deacetylase, plays an important role in limiting inflammation. The purpose of this study was to investigate the protective effects of SB on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced acute lung injury (ALI) in mice and explore the potential mechanism of SB protection. A total of 30 ICR mice were randomly divided into three groups (n = 10): a phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) intratracheal instillation group, a LPS intratracheal instillation group, and a SB gavage group (SB was given 1 h before the LPS stimulation). After 12 h, samples of the blood and lung tissue were collected from the mice for experimental analysis. The results showed that the concentration of inflammatory cytokines [interleukin 1 beta (IL1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha)], myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity in the lung tissue and blood, protein abundance of toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kappa B, p65), phosphorylated p65 (p-p65), inhibitor kappa B alpha (I kappa B alpha), and phosphorylated I kappa B alpha (p-I kappa B alpha), and relative mRNA expression of genes associated with inflammation, such as TLR4, NF-kappa B, IL1 beta, interleukin 6 (IL6), and TNF-alpha, were significantly upregulated in the LPS group compared to the PBS group. However, the SB addition markedly downregulated the levels of these parameters in the LSB group compared to those in the LPS group. Furthermore, the structure of the lung tissue from the LPS group was severely disrupted in comparison to that of the PBS group. However, with SB administration, the severe structural disruption was relieved. In addition, an immunohistochemical analysis showed that positive immunoreactions to TLR4, p65, and TNF-alpha were significant in the LPS group; however, SB addition markedly attenuated this phenomenon. In conclusion, the ALI mouse model was successfully established with an intratracheal instillation of LPS. Furthermore, gavage with SB inhibited inflammation in LPS-induced ALI.
Diet affects glycosylation of serum proteins in women at risk for cardiometabolic disease; Background: Glycoproteomics deals with glycoproteins that are formed by post-translational modification when sugars (like fucose and sialic acid) are attached to protein. Glycosylation of proteins influences function, but whether glycosylation is altered by diet is unknown.
Rearing calves outdoors with and without calf jackets compared with indoor housing on calf health and live-weight performance; The objective of this study was to compare the effects of rearing calves outdoors, with and without all-weather calf jackets, with calves reared indoors on calf immunity and animal performance. In February 1999, male Holstein calves (mean (s.e.) weight 55 (1.90) kg) were randomly assigned to one of three treatments (n=30 per treatment): 1) outdoors with jacket, (J; mean age 19 (s.e. 2.0) days); 2) outdoors without jacket (NJ; mean age 19 (s.e. 1.8) days), and 3) indoors on straw (I; mean age 19 (s.e. 1.0) days). Calves received an individual allowance of 25 kg of milk replacer dry matter during the first 42 days with ad libitum access to a concentrate ration from day 0 to 63. The jackets were removed from the calves on day 42. Live-weight gain from day 0 to day 63 of the study was not significantly different between treatments (J, 0.79; NJ, 0.80; 1, 0.80 kg). Sixty percent of the J calves and 53% of the NJ calves required four or more antibiotic treatments for respiratory disease while corresponding treatments were required for 97% of the I calves. The incidence of diarrhoea was significantly higher in both outdoor treatments compared to the I treatment. There was no significant difference in white blood cell counts or in serum immunoglobulin concentrations between treatments on days 0, 21, 42 and 63 or in in vitro interferon-gamma production on day 63. It is concluded that using calf jackets on calves reared outdoors had no beneficial effect on calf performance or immune status. The incidence of respiratory disease was higher and diarrhoea incidence was lower in calves reared indoors compared with calves reared outdoors. There was no significant difference in incidences of diarrhoea and respiratory disease between the two outdoor treatments.
Prevalence of Tick Infestation in Farm Animals from Punjab, Pakistan; Ticks are the second to mosquitoes as vectors of a number of pathogens like viruses, spirochetes, bacteria, rickettsia, protozoa and filarial nematodes etc. that cause mortality in humans and animals. So, this study was carried out to check the prevalence of ticks in Punjab, Pakistan. The total 120 livestock farms were randomly selected from 12 districts of Punjab, 10 farms (05 urban and 05 rural) from each district. Tick species were collected systematically from head to tail directions with the help of small steel forceps. Then tick samples were taken to the research laboratory and were preserved in 70% methanol for identification. On the basis of morphology, the collected ticks were distinguished microscopically with the help of the dichotomous key. The prevalence of ticks was significantly less in the Northern zone (33.47%) as compared to the Southern (36.33%), Western (35.83%) and Central zones (40.43%). The total nine tick species i.e. Hylomma (Hy.) anatolicum (26.39%), Hy. marginatum (14.51%), Hy. dromedarii (5.62%), Hy. truncatum (2.45%), Hy. rufipes (1.81%), Rhipicephalus (Rh.) sanguineus (17.24%), Rh. appendiculatus (12.39%), Rh. microplus (14.24%) and Rh. decolratus (5.35%) were identified. In all selected zones, Hy. anatolicum was the most abundant tick's species. The overall prevalence of ticks infestation in all animals were 36.52% and it was significantly different in all animal species, like buffaloes (37.53%), cows (42.41%), goats (36.14%) and sheep (29.00%). It was concluded that there is wider variety of ticks in Pakistan. (C) 2019 PVJ. All rights reserved
More than a random association between chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and psoriatic arthritis: shared pathogenic features and implications for treatment; Introduction: Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) is a chronic inflammatory condition characterized by skin and joints involvement, and with a great burden of comorbidity that could affect the choice of treatment. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is one of the primary causes of morbidity and mortality. Medical therapy can improve symptoms and the frequency and severity of exacerbations. A variety of evidence showed an increasing association between COPD and PsA.
Difructose Anhydride and Passive Immunity Effects on Passive Immune Transfer and Performance of Feeding Difructose Anhydride to Neonatal Calves; Simple Summary Failure passive transfer of immunoglobulins from colostrum to the calf is a relatively common problem with a prevalence around 20-25%. This failure often leads to impaired health and increased mortality. Many studies have proposed different management and feeding methods to minimize this failure. One of these methods includes the supplementation of difructose anyhdride III (DFAIII). Herein, we evaluate the potential of DFAIII to improve the transfer of immunoglobulins, and in turn animal performance and health, of calves that consumed colostrum with a high immunoglobulin concentration. We conclude that even when feeding calves colostrum with a high immunoglobulin concentration, supplementation with DFAIII may promote passive transfer of immunoglobulins in neonatal Holstein calves during the first 12 h of life.Abstract The objective of this study was to assess the potential effects of supplementing difructose anyhdride III (DFAIII) during the first days of life on the absorption of immunoglobulin G (IgG) and growth performance of calves early in life fed colostrum with a high IgG concentration. Sixty-six healthy new-born Holstein calves were randomly assigned to three treatments consisting of no supplementation (control), supplementation of 12 g/d (DFA12), or 36 g/d (DFA36) of DFAIII during the first 7 d of life via colostrum and milk replacer (MR). Calves were separated from dams at birth and bottle-fed colostrum in two meals, each targeting 2.5 L within the first 18 h of birth. Colostrum had been previously collected from other dams (and preserved frozen) within the first 2 h of calving and had a Brix value >= 32%. Daily consumption of starter concentrate and MR (and colostrum on the first day) were individually monitored. Calves were body weighed using an electronic scale at birth and on a weekly basis thereafter until the end of study at 42 d of age. A sample of colostrum fed to each calf and a blood sample from the jugular vein of the calves were collected at 12 and 24 h of life to determine the IgG concentration. The mean colostrum IgG concentration fed in the current study was 110 +/- 33.7 g/L (mean +/- SD). No differences in animal performance were found among the treatments. Calves on all treatments consumed the same amount of colostrum with a similar concentration of IgG, and thus the amount of IgG consumed was also similar. Serum IgG concentrations were greater at 24 than at 12 h but did not differ among treatments. However, the apparent efficiency of absorption of colostral immunoglobulins was greater in DFA12 and DFA36 at 12 h of life than in control calves, with no differences observed at 24 h. Even when feeding high-quality colostrum, in terms of IgG concentration, supplementation with difructose anhydride III may pose an additional advantage in promoting the passive transfer of immunoglobulins in neonatal Holstein calves during the first 12 h of life.
No Long-term Feeding Toxicities on the Health Status in Rats Fed with Cloned Korean Native Beef Cattle (Hanwoo) Meat; This study was designed to undertake a risk assessment to identify the health status of rats fed with somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT)-cloned Korean native beef cattle (Hanwoo) meat for 26 weeks. The rats were randomly divided into 5 groups, each consisting of 12 male (142.6 +/- 5.23 g) and 12 female (113.7 +/- 6.31 g) rats each. The animals were fed commercial pellets (control), pellets containing 5% (N-5) and 10% (N-10) of normal cattle meat, and diets containing 5% (C-5) and 10% (C-10) of cloned cattle meat. The mortality; clinical signs; body weight; food consumption; urinary, hematology, blood biochemistry, and histopathological analyses; and absolute and relative organ weights were analyzed and compared. During the 26-week test period, health status-related factors of the rats fed on cloned Hanwoo meat were found to have no test substance-related toxicities. The only difference was the increased uterus weight in female C-10 rats as compared to their counterparts counterparts (p < .05). On the basis of these health status results, it can be postulated that no food consumption risks might arise from the long-term feeding of cloned cattle meat in rats.
Development and evaluation of pictograms on medication labels for patients with limited literacy skills in a culturally diverse multiethnic population; Background: Much of the migrant workforce in Qatar is of low literacy level and does not understand Arabic or English, presenting a significant challenge to health care professionals. Medicine labels are typically in Arabic and English and are therefore poorly understood by these migrant workers.
A randomised clinical trial of a metaphylactic treatment with tildipirosin for bovine respiratory disease in veal calves; Background: Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is a major problem in veal calf rearing units. The objective of this randomised clinical trial was to assess the effectiveness of tildipirosin as a metaphylactic treatment in veal calves on the number of BRD treatments, lung consolidation on thoracic ultrasonography (TUS) and average daily gain (ADG). A total of 209 veal calves from a pre-weaning fattening unit were randomly allocated to receive one of two treatments (tildipirosin 4 mg/kg, subcutaneously, n = 109; placebo 0.9% saline, subcutaneously, n = 100) at day 12 after entry in the pre-weaned unit. The calves were followed for a 70-day period. Occurrence of mortality and BRD treatments were recorded during the pre-weaning period. At days 1, 12 and 30, TUS and clinical scores were performed and ADG was measured during the first and second months of feeding.
Efficacy and safety of topical SR-T100 gel in treating actinic keratosis in Taiwan: A Phase III randomized double-blind vehicle-controlled parallel trial; Background: Currently available topical treatments for actinic keratosis (AK) are associated with substantial side-effects.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet in Morocco and its correlates: cross-sectional analysis of a sample of the adult Moroccan population; Background: Dietary habits in Morocco are changing and the causes are not well understood. This study aimed to analyse socio-demographic factors associated with adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) in a national random sample of the adult Moroccan population.
EFFECT OF HEXACHLOROCYCLOHEXANE ON PREGNANAT GOATS; Eighteen goats with one month pregnancy were randomly divided into control, untreated and treated groups. HCH residues in the cabbage leaves prior to treatment were in the range of 0.1261 to 0.1895 mg kg(-1). These levels were lower than the maximum residual limit values (MRL). In treated cabbage leaves with HCH dusting the levels were in the range of 19.8317 to 21.7749 mg kg(-1). The blood samples from control, untreated and treated animals at 0 month the HCH residues were in the range of 0.0002 to 0.0003 mg kg(-1) and these values are non significant within the groups. The average levels of HCH residues in blood samples from untreated group progressively increased from 0.0003 at 0 month to 0.0018 mg kg(-1) at the end of 3rd month. Similarly the HCH values from treated group showed a significant increase from 0 to end of 3rd month with an average value of 0.0002 to 0.0527 mg kg(-1). Four animals of treated group were aborted in the fourth month of the experiment and the average concentration of HCH residues in placenta was 0.0122 mg kg(-1). The accumulation of this insecticide in placenta was about 22.2 per cent of maternal blood. Among the organs, the accumulations of HCH residues were higher in fat followed by liver with 0.0548 and 0.0515 mg kg(-1), respectively. The consumption levels of HCH in the treated group at 4.04 mg/kg/day was much higher than the MRL and affected gestation and also induced mortality.
Oral bovine colostrum supplementation does not increase circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 concentration in healthy adults: results from short- and long-term administration studies; Purpose Bovine colostrum is available in health food shops and as a sports food supplement and is rich in antibodies and growth factors including IGF-1. World Anti-Doping Agency advises athletes against taking colostrum for fear of causing increased plasma IGF-1. There are also concerns that colostrum may theoretically stimulate malignancy in organs which express IGF-1 receptors. We, therefore, determined changes in plasma IGF-1 levels in subjects taking colostrum or placebo for 1 day, 4 weeks, and 12 weeks. Methods Plasma IGF1 levels were determined in healthy males (n = 16) who ingested 40 g bovine colostrum or placebo along with undertaking moderate exercise for total period of 4.5 h. Two further studies followed changes in IGF1 using double-blind, parallel group, placebo-controlled, randomized trials of colostrum or placebo (N = 10 per arm, 20 g/day for 4 weeks and N = 25 colostrum, N = 29 placebo arm 20 g/day for 12 weeks). Results Baseline IGF1 levels 130 +/- 36 ng/ml. 4.5 h protocol showed no effect of colostrum on plasma IGF1 (ANOVA, treatment group: p = 0.400, group x time: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602). Similarly, no effect of colostrum ingestion was seen following 4 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.584, group x time interaction: p = 0.083, time p = 0.243) or 12 week (ANOVA, group: p = 0.400, group x time interaction: p = 0.498, time p = 0.602) protocol. Conclusions Ingestion of standard recommended doses of colostrum does not increase IGF-1 levels in healthy adults, providing additional support for the safety profile of colostrum ingestion.
Reproducibility and validity of major dietary patterns among Swedish women assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire; Defining dietary patterns by factor analysis is an alternative approach to dietary assessment that has been used recently to examine diet-disease relations. However, only 1 study evaluated the reproducibility and validity of this method. Our aim was to assess both the validity and reproducibility of major dietary patterns based on data from a 60-item FFQ. We chose 2 independent random samples among over 60,000 women aged 40-74 y participating in the Swedish Mammography Cohort (SMC). In the validation study, the FFQ was compared with 4 7-d dietary records (DRs) among 129 women. For the reproducibility study, the FFQ was administered twice, 1 y apart in 212 women. By conducting factor analysis, 3 major dietary patterns were identified: healthy (high in vegetables, fruits, fish, poultry, tomato, cereal, and low-fat dairy products), Western (processed meat, meat, refined grains, sweets, and fried potatoes), and drinker (beer, wine and liquor, snacks) pattern. These 3 patterns explained 29-34% of the total variance in these 2 studies. The Spearman correlation coefficients between FFQ1 and FFQ2 (reproducibility) for healthy, Western, and drinker pattern were 0.63, 0.68, and 0.73, respectively (all P < 0.0001). Correlation coefficients between the FFQ and DRs (validity) for these patterns were 0.59, 0.50, and 0.85, respectively (all P < 0.0001). Our results indicate that identification of dietary patterns through factor analysis is a reproducible and valid method. The dietary patterns approach might be used in nutritional epidemiology as an alternative method of dietary assessment.
Comparative Efficacy and Safety of Tirbanibulin for Actinic Keratosis of the Face and Scalp in Europe: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Actinic keratosis (AK) is a chronic skin condition that may progress to cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. We conducted a systematic review of efficacy and safety for key treatments for AK of the face and scalp, including the novel 5-day tirbanibulin 1% ointment. MEDLINE, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, clinical trial registries and regulatory body websites were searched. The review included 46 studies, of which 35 studies included interventions commonly used in Europe and were sufficiently homogenous to inform a Bayesian network meta-analysis of complete clearance against topical placebo or vehicle. The network meta-analysis revealed the following odds ratios and 95% credible intervals: cryosurgery 13.4 (6.2-30.3); diclofenac 3% 2.9 (1.9-4.3); fluorouracil 0.5% + salicylic acid 7.6 (4.6-13.5); fluorouracil 4% 30.3 (9.1-144.7); fluorouracil 5% 35.0 (10.2-164.4); imiquimod 3.75% 8.5 (3.5-22.4); imiquimod 5% 17.9 (9.1-36.6); ingenol mebutate 0.015% 12.5 (8.1-19.9); photodynamic therapy with aminolevulinic acid 24.1 (10.9-52.8); photodynamic therapy with methyl aminolevulinate 11.7 (6.0-21.9); tirbanibulin 1% 11.1 (6.2-20.9). Four sensitivity analyses, from studies assessing efficacy after one treatment cycle only, for <= 25 cm(2) treatment area, after 8 weeks post-treatment, and with single placebo/vehicle node confirmed the findings from the base case. Safety outcomes were assessed qualitatively. These results suggest that tirbanibulin 1% offers a novel treatment for AK, with a single short treatment period, favourable safety profile and efficacy, in line with existing topical treatments available in Europe.
Addition of silymarin to renin-angiotensin system blockers in normotensive patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and proteinuria: a prospective randomized trial; Background In the last decade, despite constant investigation, no current single treatment has been able to decrease the incidence of diabetic nephropathy and to significantly reduce progression of diabetic CKD.
Effect of dietary conjugated linoleic acid supplementation during late gestation on colostrum yield, fatty acid composition, and IgG concentrations in primiparous sows; This experiment was conducted to evaluate the effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supple- mentation during late gestation on reproductive performance, colostrum yield, colostral fatty acid composition, and immunoglobulin G (IgG) concentrations in primiparous sows. Twenty-four primiparous Landrace x Large White pregnant sows were randomly selected and assigned to four dietary treatments: 0% (control), 0.75%, 1.50%, and 2.25% CLA supplementation from day 85 of gestation to parturition. During lactation, all sows were fed the same commercial diet. The preweaning mortality of suckling piglets born to dams fed supplemental CLA did decrease linearly (P = 0.01) during lactation. Administration of CLA during gestation increased linearly (P < 0.01) total saturated fatty acids and decreased linearly (P < 0.01) monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids in colostrum. The concentrations of CLA isomers were higher (P < 0.01) in colostrum from primiparous sows fed CLA diets than in the control group. Feeding CLA increased (P < 0.05) colostral IgG concentrations, as well as that in the serum of neonatal piglets. In conclusion, 2.25% CLA supplementation in the diet of primiparous sows during late gestation could improve the passive immunity through colostral IgG and the survival of suckling piglets.
Erythrocyte Membrane Phospholipid Fatty Acid Concentrations and Risk of Colorectal Adenomas: A Case-Control Nested in the French E3N-EPIC Cohort Study; Background: Although dietary fatty acids may influence colorectal carcinogenesis, few studies have examined the association with adenoma risk. We assessed the association between biomarkers of dietary fatty acids or metabolism of fatty acids and the risk of colorectal adenomas in a nested case-control study from the French E3N-EPIC cohort.
Effects of birth order and maternal age on breast cancer risk; Background: Early life risk factors for breast cancer have been investigated in relation to hormonal, nutritional, infectious, and genetic hypotheses. Recent studies have also considered potential health effects associated with exposure to environmental contaminants in breastmilk.
Melamine in eggs, plasma and tissues of hens fed contaminated diets; A study was conducted to evaluate the excretion pattern of melamine from feed into eggs, plasma, kidney, liver and muscle of laying hens. In particular, 90 laying hens were randomly allocated to three dietary treatments and fed diets contaminated with melamine at a level of 2.5, 25 and 250 mg of melamine/kg of diet for T1, T2 and T3 groups, respectively. The diets were offered in six replicate boxes (five hens each) for 13 days. Eggs were collected from each group for melamine quantification on days 0, 1, 3, 6, 9 and 11 At the end of the experimental period, one hen per box was randomly selected and slaughtered to collect plasma, liver, kidney and muscle samples. During the experiment, feeding diets with increasing levels of melamine had no effect (P > 0.05) on weight gain, feed intake, egg production, egg weight and mortality of laying hens. The melamine in eggs increased from day 1 after melamine ingestion and reached a plateau between days 6 and 13 of melamine ingestion. At steady-state condition, the melamine egg concentrations increased (P < 0.01) with treatments, being 0.026, 0.352 and 4631 mg/kg for T1, T2 and T3, respectively. Similarly, the carryover of melamine from feed to egg increased (P < 0.05) with the levels of melamine in the diets, varying from 0.50 to 0.70 and 0.84 for T1, T2 and T3, respectively. The melamine was detected in plasma of all tested groups, increasing (P < 0.01) with levels of melamine in the diets (0.030, 0.266 and 4.102 mg/l in T1, T2 and T3, respectively). Melamine was not detected in kidney, liver and muscle of hens fed T1. Except for kidney sampled in the T3, no melamine concentration higher than 2.5 mg/kg, representing the maximum allowable limit set by the US Food and Drug Administration and European Union for food and feeds, was measured. The melamine resulted higher in plasma and kidneys than in the liver and muscle both in T2 and T1 The results confirmed the presence of an excretion pattern of melamine from feed to eggs and tissues in laying hens.
Prospective evaluation of probiotic and prebiotic supplementation on diabetic health associated with gut microbiota; Background: Gut microbiota are critical for proper metabolic functions. Gut health can often be improved with dietary modulation, especially with probiotic and prebiotic. These supplements can stimulate immune system responses and prevent colonization by pathogen. Many diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, heart diseases, obesity, and cancers, benefit from proper function of intestinal microflora. Diabetes is an endocrine disease typically controlled, at least in part, with dietary intervention.
The effectivity of bovine colostrum and on the improvement of Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) and Takeda G-Protein Coupled Receptor-5 (TGR5) level in post-hepatectomy Wistar rats; Background: The factor affecting the liver's healing process after resection in liver malignancy is liver fibrosis. Bovine Colostrum (BC), as one of the anti-fibrosis products of the liver, improves hepatic fibrosis and reduces hepatocyte damage caused by carbon tetrachloride (CCl4). Meanwhile, Mesenchymal Stem Cell (MSC) is a new therapeutic source after resection. MSC is able to differentiate into specific cells in the healing process. This study aims to determine the effects of BC, MSC, and a combination of both in terms of increasing Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) and Takeda G-Protein Coupled Receptor-5 (TGR5) levels in Wistar rats post hepatectomy 50% with liver fibrosis.
In the Murine and Bovine Maternal Mammary Gland Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 3 is Activated in Clusters of Epithelial Cells around the Day of Birth; Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) proteins regulate mammary development. Here we investigate the expression of phosphorylated STAT3 (pSTAT3) in the mouse and cow around the day of birth. We present localised colocation analysis, applicable to other mammary studies requiring identification of spatially congregated events. We demonstrate that pSTAT3-positive events are multifocally clustered in a non-random and statistically significant fashion. Arginase-1 expressing cells, consistent with macrophages, exhibit distinct clustering within the periparturient mammary gland. These findings represent a new facet of mammary STAT3 biology, and point to the presence of mammary sub-microenvironments.
Selecting items for a food behavior checklist for a limited-resource audience; Objective: To report 6; psychometric properties of food behavior checklist (FBC) items and then to use these properties to systematically reduce the number of items on this evaluation tool.
In Silico and In Vitro Studies of Mycotoxins and Their Cocktails; Their Toxicity and Its Mitigation by Silibinin Pre-Treatment; Mycotoxins found in randomly selected commercial milk thistle dietary supplement were evaluated for their toxicity in silico and in vitro. Using in silico methods, the basic physicochemical, pharmacological, and toxicological properties of the mycotoxins were predicted using ACD/Percepta. The in vitro cytotoxicity of individual mycotoxins was determined in mouse macrophage (RAW 264.7), human hepatoblastoma (HepG2), and human embryonic kidney (HEK 293T) cells. In addition, we studied the bioavailability potential of mycotoxins and silibinin utilizing an in vitro transwell system with differentiated human colon adenocarcinoma cells (Caco-2) simulating mycotoxin transfer through the intestinal epithelial barrier. The IC50 values for individual mycotoxins in studied cells were in the biologically relevant ranges as follows: 3.57-13.37 nM (T-2 toxin), 5.07-47.44 nM (HT-2 toxin), 3.66-17.74 nM (diacetoxyscirpenol). Furthermore, no acute toxicity was obtained for deoxynivalenol, beauvericin, zearalenone, enniatinENN-A, enniatin-A1, enniatin-B, enniatin-B1, alternariol, alternariol-9-methyl ether, tentoxin, and mycophenolic acid up to the 50 nM concentration. The acute toxicity of these mycotoxins in binary combinations exhibited antagonistic effects in the combinations of T-2 with DON, ENN-A1, or ENN-B, while the rest showed synergistic or additive effects. Silibinin had a significant protective effect against both the cytotoxicity of three mycotoxins (T-2 toxin, HT-2 toxin, DAS) and genotoxicity of AME, AOH, DON, and ENNs on HEK 293T. The bioavailability results confirmed that AME, DAS, ENN-B, TEN, T-2, and silibinin are transported through the epithelial cell layer and further metabolized. The bioavailability of silibinin is very similar to mycotoxins poor penetration.
Identification of differentially expressed miRNAs on normal cell, fatty liver cell and processed cell by monoammonium glycyrrhizinate from cattle (Bos indicus) by deep sequencing approach; Cattle fatty liver has caused mass damage in milk production during the past few years. In our study, to identify different miRNAs involved in cell physiological regulation in fatty liver, we performed miRNA deep sequencing on a normal liver cell (S01), fatty liver cell (S02) and processed cell by monoammonium glycyrrhizinate (S03). As a result, a total of 15,277,462, 14,190,360 and 13,771,060 raw reads representing 13,904,074, 12,784,128 and 11,017,604 clean reads per library were obtained separately. Through bioinformatics analysis, a total of 511 known miRNAs were identified when they were aligned with the known animal miRNAs, and 197 novel miRNAs were predicted using mirDeep2 software. A total of 511 miRNAs including 101 known and 51 novel miRNAs were expressed significantly different. Additionally, expression levels of eight randomly selected miRNAs were confirmed using the stem-loop qPCR, and their expression profiles were consistent with the deep sequencing results. For better understanding the functions of miRNAs, a total of 14,231 targets were predicted. These predicted target genes were further analyzed by function annotation and enrichment pathways, the results showed that these targets of the identified miRNAs are involved in a broad range of physiological functions.
Suppressive role of vascular endothelial growth factor on intestinal apoptosis in induced necrotizing enterocolitis in rats; Purpose: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a devastating disease that can cause mortality in preterm babies. NEC may develop through an apoptotic pathway that is known to be inhibited by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). This study determined whether VEGF exerted a protective effect against the development of NEC and apoptosis in rats. Methods: To determine the effect of VEGF in NEC rats, neonatal rats were randomized into 4 groups: the control group, the NEC group, the NEC + intraperitoneal VEGF (50 ng/kg) group (NEC + VEGF IP group), and the NEC + oral VEGF (50 ng/ kg) group (NEC + VEGF OR group). NEC was induced by lipopolysaccharide/hypoxia and cold stress. The animals were sacrificed 72 hours later. After laparotomy, we obtained a region of the proximal small bowel from the ileocecal valve about 18 cm in length. Results: The NEC histological grade, apoptosis histological score, and caspase-3 activity were lower in the NEC + VEGF IP and OR groups than in the NEC group. In the NEC + VEGF IP and OR groups, the messenger RNA expression of apoptotic and inflammatory genes, such as Bax, NF-KB, p53, Fas, FasL, and PAF-R, but not that of Bcl-2, was decreased, as was the Bax/Bcl-2 protein ratio. Histological analysis revealed that the apoptosis-blocking effect of VEGF was more effective in the NEC + VEGF IP group than in the NEC + VEGF OR group. Conclusion: We identified apoptotic and inflammatory genes to confirm the preventive effect of VEGF pretreatment on NEC in rats. This study presents a novel approach to prevent apoptosis via VEGF pretreatment in rats with lipopolysaccharide/ hypoxia-induced NEC.
Recalcitrant verrucous lesion - Verrucous hyperplasia or Epithelioma cuniculatum (Verrucous carcinoma); A 37-year-old woman originally presented in May 2003 with a nonhealing, painless ulcer on the plantar surface of her right foot that had been slowly increasing in size for the previous 1.5 years. Two weeks before presentation, a biopsy of the lesion, performed at another institution, had indicated a probable verrucous carcinoma. After preoperative workup, the patient underwent resection of the lesion, with clear margins and full-thickness skin grafting. The final pathologic findings were not consistent with verrucous carcinoma. A recurrent lesion was noted during a follow-up visit, and a second biopsy revealed a hyperkeratotic papillomatous verrucous lesion, type unclassified. No viral particles were isolated in the random biopsy samples. This recurrent lesion was refractory to treatment with topical acyclovir. Subsequent treatments consisted of imiquimod and CO2 laser ablation, which succeeded in reducing the lesion. Verrucous lesions can be frustrating, and the diagnosis of epithelioma cuniculatum can be difficult to prove. We report a case highly suggestive of but not definitively diagnosed as epithelioma cuniculatum and summarize the literature on this entity.
Prophylactically applied Hydrofilm polyurethane film dressings reduce radiation dermatitis in adjuvant radiation therapy of breast cancer patients; Purpose: Radiation-induced skin injury represents one of the most common side effects in breast cancer patients receiving adjuvant whole-breast radiotherapy. Numerous systemic and topical treatments have been studied in the prevention and management of radiation-induced skin injury without providing sustainable treatment strategies. While superficial barrier-forming skin products such as dressings are the standard of care in wound care management, their utilization as preventive treatment approach in radiotherapy has barely attracted attention.
Applications of Strain-Specific Probiotics in the Management of Cardiovascular Diseases: A Systemic Review; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a leading cause of global mortality and novel approaches for prevention and management are needed. The human gastrointestinal tract hosts a diverse microbiota that is crucial in maintaining metabolic homeostasis. The formulation of effective probiotics, alone or in combination, has been under discussion due to their impact on cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Probiotics have been shown to impact cardiovascular health positively. An imbalance in the presence of Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes has been linked to the progression of CVDs due to their impact on bile acid and cholesterol metabolism. The probiotics primarily help in the reduction of plasma low-density lipoprotein levels and attenuation of the proinflammatory markers. These beneficial microorganisms contribute to lowering cholesterol levels and produce essential short-chain fatty acids. The impact of lipid-regulating probiotic strains on human health is quite significant. However, only a few have been tested for potential beneficial efficacy, and ambiguity exists regarding strain dosages, interactions with confounding factors, and potential adverse effects. Hence, more comprehensive studies and randomized trials are needed to understand the mechanisms of probiotics on CVDs and to ensure human health. This review assesses the evidence and highlights the roles of strain-specific probiotics in the management of CVDs.
Vitamin D and calcium intakes and breast cancer risk in pre- and postmenopausal women; Background: Some evidence suggests that vitamin D may reduce breast cancer risk. Despite the biological interaction between vitamin D and calcium, few studies have evaluated their joint effects on breast cancer risk.
Fermented, ropy, oat-based products reduce cholesterol levels and stimulate the bifidobacteria flora in humans; This investigation determined the effects of fermented oat-based products containing both native and microbial beta-glucans on plasma lipids and on fecal total bacterial count and Bifidobacterium ssp. The study was randomized, double blind with 3 parallel groups. Sixty-two free-living volunteers with moderately increased plasma cholesterol levels were recruited. In the final analysis, 56 subjects remained, as 6 subjects had left the study either due to lack of time (n = 2), unwillingness to continue the regimen (n = 2), or for other reasons (n = 2). During the first 3 weeks, all subjects received a fermented dairy-based product (control product, run-in period). On the following 5 weeks, I group continued with the control product, whereas the other 2 groups were given fermented oat-based products (intervention period, 3-3.5 g native beta-glucans per day). One of the oat products (ropy) was cofermented with an exopolysaccharide-producing strain, Pediococcus damnosus 2.6. A significant (P = .022) reduction in total cholesterol by 6% was observed in volunteers who had eaten the fermented, ropy, oat-based product compared with the control group. No other significant changes in plasma lipids were found. A significant increase in total bacterial count (P = .001) and Bifidobacterium ssp (P = .012) was observed in fecal samples from volunteers in the group who had eaten the fermented, ropy, oat-based product. This study shows that a fermented, ropy, oat-based product, containing both native and microbial glucans, can reduce the blood cholesterol level and also stimulate the bifidobacteria flora in the gastrointestinal tract. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
<i>Trans</i>-10, <i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid reduces neutral lipid content and may affect cryotolerance of <i>in vitro</i>-produced crossbred bovine embryos; Background: Due to high neutral lipids accumulation in the cytoplasm, in vitro-produced embryos from Bos primigenius indicus and their crosses are more sensitive to chilling and cryopreservation than those from Bos primigenius taurus. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the effects of trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) on the development and cryotolerance of crossbred Bos primigenius taurus x Bos primigenius indicus embryos produced in vitro, and cultured in the presence of fetal calf serum. Bovine zygotes (n = 1,692) were randomly assigned to one of the following treatment groups: 1) Control, zygotes cultured in Charles Rosenkrans 2 amino acid (CR2aa) medium (n = 815) or 2) CLA, zygotes cultured in CR2aa medium supplemented with 100 mu mol/L of trans-10, cis-12 CLA (n = 877). Embryo development (cleavage and blastocyst rates evaluated at days 3 and 8 of culture, respectively), lipid content at morula stage (day 5) and blastocyst cryotolerance (re-expansion and hatching rates, evaluated 24 and 72 h post-thawing, respectively) were compared between groups. Additionally, selected mRNA transcripts were measured by Real-Time PCR in blastocyst stage.
Nonpersistent pesticide exposure self-report versus biomonitoring in farm pesticide applicators; PURPOSE: Few studies using biologic markers to examine nonpersistent pesticide exposure among pes, ticide applicators were conducted in field settings. This study compares self-reported dermal, inhalation, and ingestion exposures with urinalysis results after one-time application of the commonly used herbicide atrazine to field crops. It was hypothesized that: i) applicator reports of exposure would be associated positively with detection of urinary atrazine metabolites, and ii) applicator reports of personal-protective-equipment (PPE) use would be associated negatively with detection of urinary atrazine metabolites.
Comparison of 3 agar media in Fung double tubes and Petri plates to detect and enumerate <i>Clostridium</i> spp. in broiler chicken intestines; Clostridium perfringens is an anaerobic, spore-forming bacterium that may lead to necrotic enteritis, resulting in poor feed efficiency and increased mortality in chickens. It is estimated that C. perfringens infects almost 1 million people in the United States every year. The objective of this research was to compare the Fung double tube (FDT) and conventional Petri plates using 3 different media to detect and enumerate Clostridium spp. in chicken intestines. Nine Cobb 500 broilers were randomly selected and euthanized at 21 and 42 d of age for a total of 18 samples. The jejunum and ileum from each broiler were harvested and studied in 2 methods and 3 media combinations, utilizing a 2 x 3 factorial totaling 6 treatments. The 2 methods were FDT and conventional Petri plates, and the 3 media were Shahidi-Ferguson Perfringens (SFP) with egg yolk supplement, polymyxin B, and kanamycin (E); SFP with polymyxin B and kanamycin (P); and SFP with d-cycloserine (C). Enumerations were performed after 24 h of incubation at 37 degrees C. At 21 d, counts using medium C with FDT (4.51 log(10) cfu/g) and plates (2.38 log(10) cfu/g) were higher (P < 0.05) than using media E or P. On d 42, there were no differences among plate treatments and medium E had the highest counts (0.98 log(10) cfu/g). Of all the FDT, medium C (5.35 log(10) cfu/g) had the highest counts (P < 0.05), followed by medium P (3.54 log(10) cfu/g). This study illustrates that the FDT method is able to enumerate Clostridium spp. at higher levels (P < 0.001) than the conventional Petri plate method; therefore, the FDT should be implemented and further explored.
COVID-19 Pharmacotherapy in Pregnancy: A Literature Review of Current Therapeutic Choices; The clinical management of COVID-19 in pregnant women, who are considered a vulnerable population, remains uncertain even as the pandemic subsides. SARS-CoV-2 affects pregnant individuals in multiple ways and has been associated with severe maternal morbidity and mortality, as well as neonatal complications. The unique anatomy and physiology of gestation make managing COVID-19 in this population a complex and challenging task, emphasizing the importance of spreading knowledge and expertise in this area. Therapeutic interventions require distinct clinical consideration, taking into account differences in pharmacokinetics, vertical transmission, drug toxicities, and postnatal care. Currently, there is limited data on antiviral and immunomodulating COVID-19 pharmacotherapy in pregnancy. Some medication has been shown to be safe and well tolerated among pregnant women with COVID-19; however, the lack of randomized clinical trials and studies in this patient population is evident. Available vaccines are considered safe and effective, with no evidence of harm to the fetus, embryo development, or short-term postnatal development. Pregnant women should be counseled about the risks of SARS-CoV-2 infection and informed of available ways to protect themselves and their families. Effective treatments for COVID-19 should not be withheld from pregnant individuals, and more research is needed to ensure the best outcomes.
EFFECT OF HUMAN CHORIONIC-GONADOTROPIN ON DOMINANT FOLLICLES IN COWS - FORMATION OF ACCESSORY CORPORA-LUTEA, PROGESTERONE PRODUCTION AND PREGNANCY RATES; Thirty-four lactating Holstein cows were randomly assigned to four groups for treatment with human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG, 1000 iu) at insemination day 0 (n = 8) or 7 (n = 9) or 14 days (n = 9) after insemination or with no hCG treatment (control, n = 8). Ultrasound imaging of the ovaries and plasma progesterone measurements were carried out to determine follicular dynamics and corpus luteum growth and function. Rates of formation of accessory corpora lutea were higher among cows treated on days 0 (three cows), 7 (seven cows) or 14 (four cows) than in the controls (one cow). Total corpus luteum diameter was greater (P < 0.01) among hCG-treated cows than in controls 7-42 days after insemination. Concentrations of progesterone in plasma were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in cows treated with hCG on days 7 or 14 than in those treated on day 0 or in controls, at days 18, 35 or 42 after insemination. Seven of the cows treated on day 7 became pregnant, whereas four, four and three cows treated on days 0 or 14 and control cows became pregnant, respectively. The results suggest that hCG treatment at 7 days after insemination could be used to produce accessory corpora lutea, raise plasma progesterone concentration and hence reduce the incidence of early embryonic mortality in cattle.
Vitamin D deficiency in British South Asians, a persistent but avoidable problem associated with many health risks (including rickets, T2DM, CVD, COVID-19 and pregnancy complications): the case for correcting this deficiency; High vitamin D deficiency rates, with rickets and osteomalacia, have been common in South Asians (SAs) arriving in Britain since the 1950s with preventable infant deaths from hypocalcaemic status-epilepticus and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D deficiency increases common SA disorders (type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease), recent trials and non-linear Mendelian randomisation studies having shown deficiency to be causal for both disorders. Ethnic minority, obesity, diabetes and social deprivation are recognised COVID-19 risk factors, but vitamin D deficiency is not, despite convincing mechanistic evidence of it. Adjusting analyses for obesity/ethnicity abolishes vitamin D deficiency in COVID-19 risk prediction, but both factors lower serum 25(OH)D specifically. Social deprivation inadequately explains increased ethnic minority COVID-19 risks. SA vitamin D deficiency remains uncorrected after 70 years, official bodies using 'education', 'assimilation' and 'diet' as 'proxies' for ethnic differences and increasing pressures to assimilate. Meanwhile, English rickets was abolished from similar to 1940 by free 'welfare foods' (meat, milk, eggs, cod liver oil), for all pregnant/nursing mothers and young children (<5 years old). Cod liver oil was withdrawn from antenatal clinics in 1994 (for excessive vitamin A teratogenicity), without alternative provision. The take-up of the 2006 'Healthy-Start' scheme of food-vouchers for low-income families with young children (<3 years old) has been poor, being inaccessible and poorly publicised. COVID-19 pandemic advice for UK adults in 'lockdown' was '400 IU vitamin D/day', inadequate for correcting the deficiency seen winter/summer at 17.5%/5.9% in White, 38.5%/30% in Black and 57.2%/50.8% in SA people in representative UK Biobank subjects when recruited similar to 14 years ago and remaining similar in 2018. Vitamin D inadequacy worsens many non-skeletal health risks. Not providing vitamin D for preventing SA rickets and osteomalacia continues to be unacceptable, as deficiency-related health risks increase ethnic health disparities, while abolishing vitamin D deficiency would be easier and more cost-effective than correcting any other factor worsening ethnic minority health in Britain.
One Egg per Day Improves Inflammation when Compared to an Oatmeal-Based Breakfast without Increasing Other Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Diabetic Patients; There is concern that egg intake may increase blood glucose in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, we have previously shown that eggs reduce inflammation in patients at risk for T2DM, including obese subjects and those with metabolic syndrome. Thus, we hypothesized that egg intake would not alter plasma glucose in T2DM patients when compared to oatmeal intake. Our primary endpoints for this clinical intervention were plasma glucose and the inflammatory markers tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and interleukin 6 (IL-6). As secondary endpoints, we evaluated additional parameters of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemias, oxidative stress and inflammation. Twenty-nine subjects, 35-65 years with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) values <9% were recruited and randomly allocated to consume isocaloric breakfasts containing either one egg/day or 40 g of oatmeal with 472 mL of lactose-free milk/day for five weeks. Following a three-week washout period, subjects were assigned to the alternate breakfast. At the end of each period, we measured all primary and secondary endpoints. Subjects completed four-day dietary recalls and one exercise questionnaire for each breakfast period. There were no significant differences in plasma glucose, our primary endpoint, plasma lipids, lipoprotein size or subfraction concentrations, insulin, HbA1c, apolipoprotein B, oxidized LDL or C-reactive protein. However, after adjusting for gender, age and body mass index, aspartate amino-transferase (AST) (p < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (p < 0.01), one of our primary endpoints were significantly reduced during the egg period. These results suggest that compared to an oatmeal-based breakfast, eggs do not have any detrimental effects on lipoprotein or glucose metabolism in T2DM. In contrast, eggs reduce AST and TNF-alpha in this population characterized by chronic low-grade inflammation.
Oral administration of docosahexaenoic acid attenuates interleukin-1β response and clinical course of septic neonates; Objective: To analyze cytokine responses and the clinical course of septic neonates orally supplemented with docosahexaenoic acid as well as to evaluate fatty acid incorporation into leukocytes. Methods: A quasiexperimental study was conducted in neonates who developed sepsis following a surgical procedure. Selected neonates were randomly assigned to receive 100 mg docosahexaenoic acid (G-DHA) daily or olive oil (G-OO) as placebo for 14 d throughout a sepsis episode. At selection (baseline), blood samples were obtained to determine interleukin-1 (IL-1)beta, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha as well as the leucocyte fatty acid profile. Measurements were repeated at 7 (D7) and 14 d (D14) of follow-up. Within- and between-group comparisons were conducted with parametric statistics after logarithmic transformation. Repeated measurement analyses with a general linear model procedure were used, adjusting according to human milk intake, use of anti-inflammatory drugs, and nutritional status.
Isolation and characterization of linear polylactosamines containing one and two site-specifically positioned Lewis x determinants:: WGA agarose chromatography in fractionation of mixtures generated by random, partial enzymatic α3-fucosylation of pure polylactosamines; We report that isomeric monofucosylhexasaccharides, Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAGlc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc, Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc and Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc, and bifucosylhexasaccharides Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNA beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc, Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal1 beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc and Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc can be isolated in pure form from reaction mixtures of the linear hexasaccharide Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc with GDP-fucose and al,3-fucosyltransferases of human milk. The pure isomers were characterized in several ways; H-1-NMR spectroscopy, for instance, revealed distinct resonances associated with the Lewis x group [Gal beta 1-4(Fuc alpha 1-3)GlcNAc] located at the proximal, middle, and distal positions of the polylactosamine chain. Chromatography on immobilized wheat germ agglutinin was crucial in the separation process used; the isomers carrying the fucose at the reducing end GlcNAc possessed particularly low affinities for the lectin, Isomeric monofucosyl derivatives of the pentasaccharides GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc and Gal alpha 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc and the tetrasaccharide Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc beta 1-3Gal beta 1-4GlcNAc were also obtained in pure form, implying that the methods used are widely applicable. The isomeric Lewis x glycans proved to be recognized in highly variable binding modes by polylactosamine-metabolizing enzymes, e.g., the midchain beta 1,6-GlcNAc transferase (Leppanen et al., Biochemistry, 36, 13729-13735, 1997).
Topical 5-fluorouracil in dermatologic disease; Background5-fluorouracil (5-FU) has proven to be an effective therapy in the treatment of a variety of dermatologic conditions. Approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of actinic keratoses and superficial basal cell carcinoma, topical 5-FU has also demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of a variety of other dermatologic diseases.
Repetitive Daylight Photodynamic Therapy versus Cryosurgery for Prevention of Actinic Keratoses in Photodamaged Facial Skin: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Multicentre Two-armed Study; Actinic keratoses are a chronic condition in ultraviolet-damaged skin, with a risk of progressing to invasive skin cancer. The aim of this study was to investigate the preventive potential of field-directed repetitive daylight photodynamic therapy for actinic keratoses. A randomized trial was performed, including 58 patients with >= 5 actinic keratoses on photodamaged facial skin, who received either 5 full-face sessions of daylight photodynamic therapy within a period of 2 years or lesion-directed cryosurgery. Primary outcome was the mean cumulative number of new actinic keratoses developed between visits 2 and 6 (visit 6 being a follow-up). This outcome was lower after daylight photodynamic therapy (7.7) compared with cryosurgery (10.2), but the difference did not reach significance (-2.5, 95% confidence interval -6.2 to 1.2; p=0.18). Several signs of photoageing (fine lines, pigmentation, roughness, erythema, sebaceous gland hyperplasia) were significantly reduced after daylight photodynamic therapy, but not after cryosurgery. Significantly less pain and fewer side-effects were reported during daylight photodynamic therapy than during cryosurgery. This study found that repetitive daylight photodynamic therapy had photo-rejuvenating effects. However, the prevention of actinic keratoses by this therapy could not be proven in a statistically reliable manner.
Dietary calcium, vitamin D, and the risk of colorectal cancer in Stockholm, Sweden; The epidemiology of large bowel cancer suggests an etiological role for dietary factors. Although the evidence is inconsistent, several studies have suggested an inverse association between dietary vitamin D or calcium and colorectal cancer risk.
Soy protein isolates of varying isoflavone content do not adversely affect semen quality in healthy young men; Objective: To determine the effects of consumption of soy protein of varying isoflavone content on parameters of semen quality in healthy young men.
Assessment of dietary supplementation with probiotics on performance, intestinal morphology and microflora of chickens infected with <i>Eimeria tenella</i>; We evaluated the effects of dietary supplementation with different preparations of probiotics on the performance of broiler chickens experimentally infected with 2 x 10(4) sporulated oocysts of Eimeria tenella at 14 days of age. Three hundred, day-old, Cobb-500 chicks, as hatched, were separated into 10 equal groups with three replicates. Two of the groups, one challenged with E. tenella oocysts and the other not, were given a basal diet and served as controls without medication. The other challenged groups were given the anticoccidial lasalocid (60 mg/kg) or Enterococcus faecium (5 x 10(8) or 5 x 10(9) cfu/kg feed), Bifidobacterium animalis (5 x 10(8) cfu/kg feed), Lactobacillus reuteri (5 x 10(8) cfu/kg feed), Bacillus subtilis (5 x 10(8) cfu/kg feed), or a multi-species probiotic mix at 5 x 10(8) or 5 x 10(9) cfu/kg feed, respectively. The trial lasted 6 weeks. Individual body weight, feed intake per pen and feed conversion ratio values were recorded weekly, along with the extent of bloody diarrhea, excreta oocyst numbers and bird mortality. Caecal lesions were assessed and intestinal samples were taken for histopathological and bacteriological evaluation from ileum and caecum. Overall growth performance of chickens fed the multi-species probiotic mix at both levels was higher (P<0.05) compared to the infected control. Overall oocyst shedding was lowest (P<0.05) in the lasalocid supplemented group. Villous height was higher (P<0.05) in Bacillus supplemented groups compared to infected controls. The Lactobacillus supplemented group had the highest (P<0.05) numbers of both Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium in ileum and caecum. In conclusion, dietary probiotics are promising for further investigation on improving intestinal health and growth performance of broiler chickens experimentally challenged with E. tenella. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Soy-tibolone combination-Effect on lipids in postmenopausal monkeys and women; Objectives: To determine whether co-administration of soy during tibolone treatment would prevent tibolone-induced dyslipoproteinemia in postmenopausal monkeys and women.
Prevalence and distribution of sensitization to foods in the European Community Respiratory Health Survey: a EuroPrevall analysis; Background: Reports of adverse reactions to foods are increasing, but there is limited information on the comparative prevalence of sensitization to food allergens using standardized methods.
EFFECT OF ANTIOXIDANT-RICH FOODS ON PLASMA ASCORBIC-ACID, CARDIAC ENZYME, AND LIPID PEROXIDE LEVELS IN PATIENTS HOSPITALIZED WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL-INFARCTION; Objective To determine whether a fat- and energy-reduced diet rich in antioxidant vitamins C and E, beta carotene, and soluble dietary fiber reduces free-radical stress and cardiac enzyme level and increases plasma ascorbic acid level 1 week after acute myocardial infarction.
Dietary patterns in Canadian men and women ages 25 and older: relationship to demographics, body mass index, and bone mineral density; Background: Previous research has shown that underlying dietary patterns are related to the risk of many different adverse health outcomes, but the relationship of these underlying patterns to skeletal fragility is not well understood. The objective of the study was to determine whether dietary patterns in men (ages 25-49, 50+) and women (pre-menopause, post-menopause) are related to femoral neck bone mineral density (BMD) independently of other lifestyle variables, and whether this relationship is mediated by body mass index.
Effects of feeding beef females supplemental fat during gestation on cold tolerance in newborn calves; Effects of prepartum fat supplementation of the dam on cold tolerance of calves were determined in two studies. In Exp. 1, 22 F1, crossbred heifers gestating F2 calves received diets containing either 1.7 or 4.7% dietary fat starting at d 250 +/- 2 d of gestation. Safflower seeds (Carthamus tinctorius) containing 37% oil with 79% linoleic acid were the supplemental fat source in isocaloric-isonitrogenous diets. Calves were separated fl om their darns at birth, fed pooled dairy-cow colostrum, muzzled to prevent sucking, and returned to their dams in a heated (22 degrees C) barn for 3.5 h. At 4 h of age, a jugular catheter was inserted. At 5 h of age, calves were placed in a 0 degrees C room for 140 min and rectal temperatures and blood samples were obtained at 10- and 20-min intervals. Blood was; assayed for glucose, cortisol, and cholesterol. In Exp. 2, 18 multiparous, crossbred beef cows bred to Murray Grey sires were;randomly assigned to receive diets containing either 1.7 or 3.1% dietary fat starting at 235 +/- 2 d gestation. Safflower seeds were used as the supplemental fat source ill isocaloric-isonitrogenous diets. At d 260 of gestation, premature parturition was induced in one-half of the cows from each diet group by feeding Ponderosa pine (Pinus ponderosa) needles. Experimental protocols were the same as in Exp. 1, except that cold exposure was at 9 degrees C for 200 min. Rectal temperatures were affected in Exp. 1 by time and diet x time (both P < .01) and diet x calf sex (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by calf age (P < .05), time, and calf age x time (both P < .01). Plasma cortisol concentrations were affected by time (P < .01) and calf sex x time (P < .05) in Exp. 1 and by time (P < .01) in Exp. 2. Cholesterol concentrations in Exp. 1 were affected by diet x time (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by time (P < .05). Plasma glucose concentrations were affected in Exp. 1 by diet (P < .05) and in Exp. 2 by calf age, time, and calf age x time (all P < .01). We conclude from Exp. 1 that feeding heifers supplemental fat during late gestation increased glucose concentrations in the newborn calf, resulting in favorable responses in body temperature in the cold-stressed newborns. This increase in substrate availability suggests a potential positive effect on heat generation in newborns during sustained periods of cold stress. In Exp. 2, premature calves had compromised cold tolerance possibly due to impaired shivering or brown adipose tissue thermogenesis.
BREAST-CANCER AND SERUM ORGANOCHLORINES - A PROSPECTIVE-STUDY AMONG WHITE, BLACK, AND ASIAN WOMEN; Background: Five small case-control studies have examined the relationship between exposure to organochlorines and the risk of breast cancer and have found inconsistent results. In these studies, organochlorine levels in breast cancer patients were measured after (or at most 6 months before) diagnosis. Purpose: We tested the hypothesis that organochlorines are a risk factor for breast cancer, using prospectively gathered data on serum levels of DDE [1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene] (the main metabolite of the pesticide DDT [2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-1,1,1-trichloroethane]) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Methods: Study subjects belonged to a cohort of 57 040 women (46 629 white, 8123 black, and 2288 Asian) from the San Francisco Bay Area who took a multiphasic health examination, independent of concern about risk of breast cancer, in the late 1960s. At that time, a sample of blood was obtained, then frozen and stored. Follow-up was through December 31, 1990. We conducted a nested case-control study of 150 case patients and 150 matched control subjects. A random sample of 50 women per racial/ethnic group who had been diagnosed with breast cancer more than 6 months after the multiphasic examination (mean follow-up = 14.2 years) was selected, and each case patient was matched to a cancer-free control subject. Results: Matched analyses found no differences in the case patients' and control subjects' serum levels of DDE (mean difference = 0.2 parts per billion [ppb]; 95% confidence interval [CI] = -6.7, 7.2) or PCBs (mean difference = -0.4 ppb; 95% CI = -0.8, 0.1). DDE levels, however, tended to be higher among black case patients compared with black controls (mean difference 5.7 ppb; 95% CI = -3.3, 14.8), and PCBs were lower among white case patients compared with white controls (mean difference = -0.6 ppb; 95% CI = -1.2, -0.1). Organochlorine levels were significantly higher among black and Asian women compared with white women. The mean difference for DDE was 11.0 ppb for black women (95% CI = 4.3, 17.6) and 12.6 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 6.0, 19.2); for PCBs, the respective differences were 0.8 ppb for black women (95% CI = 0.2, 1.4) and 1.4 ppb for Asian women (95% CI = 0.8, 1.9). The results were not altered by adjusting for relevant confounders, and the lack of association between exposure to organochlorines and breast cancer was present regardless of length of follow-up, year of diagnosis, or the case patient's menopausal and estrogen-receptor status, Conclusion: The data do not support the hypothesis that exposure to DDE and PCBs increases risk of breast cancer. Implications: Future investigations must consider the biologic mechanisms involved and variations in exposure to chemical pollutants and of breast cancer incidence rates among diverse groups of women.
Hydrofilm Polyurethane Films Reduce Radiation Dermatitis Severity in Hypofractionated Whole-Breast Irradiation: An Objective, Intra-Patient Randomized Dual-Center Assessment; Radiation-induced skin injury represents the most frequent side effect in breast cancer patients undergoing whole-breast irradiation (WBI). Numerous clinical studies on systemic and topical treatments for radiation dermatitis have failed to provide sustainable treatment strategies. While protective skin products such as dressings are undoubtedly the standard of care in wound care management, their utilization as preventive treatment in radiotherapy has been somewhat neglected in recent years. In this prospective, intra-patient randomized observational study, Hydrofilm polyurethane films were prophylactically applied to either the medial or lateral breast-half of 74 patients with breast cancer undergoing hypofractionated whole-breast irradiation following breast-preserving surgery. Maximum radiation dermatitis severity was assessed using Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v4.03 toxicity scores, photospectrometric erythema and pigmentation measurements and patient-assessed modified Radiation-Induced Skin Reaction Assessment Scale (RISRAS) scale. Phantom studies revealed a clinically negligible dose build-up of less than 0.1% with Hydrofilm. Compared to the control compartments physician-assessed radiation dermatitis severity was reduced in the hydrofilm compartments (mean 0.54 vs. 1.34; p = < 0.001). Objective photospectrometric skin measurements showed decreased erythema (p = 0.0001) and hyperpigmentation (p = 0.002) underneath Hydrofilm. Hydrofilm also completely prevented moist desquamation, and significantly reduced patients' treatment-related symptoms of itching, burning, pain, and limitations of day-to-day-activities. Significant beneficial effects were observed in terms of radiation dermatitis severity, erythema, hyperpigmentation as well as subjective treatment-related symptom experiences, while adverse reactions were rare and minor. Therefore, a prophylactic application of Hydrofilm polyurethane films can be suggested in hypofractionated WBI.
Validity of dietary recall over 20 years among California Seventh-day Adventists; Past dietary habits are etiologically important to incident disease. Yet the validity of such measurements from the previous 10-20 years is poorly understood. In this study, the authors correlated food frequency results that were obtained in 1994-1995 but pertained to recalled diet in 1974 with the weighted mean of five random 24-hour dietary recalls obtained by telephone in 1974. The subjects studied were 72 Seventh-day Adventists who lived within 30 miles of Loma Linda, California; had participated in a 1974 validation study; were still alive; and were willing to participate again in 1994. A method was developed to allow correction for random error in the reference data when these data had differentially weighted components. The results showed partially corrected correlation coefficients of greater than 0.30 for coffee, whole milk, eggs, chips, beef, fish, chicken, fruit, and legumes. Higher correlations on average were obtained when the food frequencies were scored simply 1-9, reflecting the nine frequency categories. The 95% confidence intervals for 15 of the 28 correlations excluded zero. Incorporation of portion size information was unhelpful. The authors concluded that in this population, data recalled from 20 years ago should be treated with caution but, for a number of important foods, that the degree of validity achieved approached that obtained when assessing current dietary habits.
Treatment of actinic keratosis: a systematic review; Treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs) can help lower the risk of eventual skin cancer and address field pre-cancerization. This review compares the different therapeutic options for actinic keratosis. Databases used include Medline, EMBASE, Web of Science and the Cochrane Library from inception to December 2019. Randomized control trials that were related to any approved or recognized treatment for actinic keratosis were included. 1186 studies were found, of which 80 with 6748 patients were included in the analysis. A network meta-analysis was not possible due to interstudy heterogeneity. The greatest degree of improvement was seen with photodynamic therapy (PDT) used adjunctively with other modalities, but this was not significantly different compared to other treatments. PDT, cryotherapy, imiquimod, ingenol mebutate (IMB), 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), trichloroacetic acid (TCA), and ablative fractional laser (AFXL), were all non-inferior to one another in terms of percent clearance of AKs, but the lowest rates of clearance were seen with diclofenac sodium. When results were substratified by body site, 5-FU, combination PDT and combination 5-FU with calcipotriol were the most beneficial for AKs on the head and neck, although they often caused the highest proportion of initial side effects. Absence of randomized control trials for surgical treatments and non-ablative laser limits comparison of these treatments to other modalities. Limitations include the lack of standardized outcome reporting limited the comparability of results across trials. The results of this analysis do not account for individual patient risk or cumulative risk for development of skin cancer. At present, PDT, cryotherapy, imiquimod, IMB, 5-FU, TCA, AFXL, and combination treatments are similarly efficacious in reducing AKs in immunocompetent patients. Registration: N/A.
A New Instrument for Assessing Work-Related Body Mechanics and Strain in the General Population; Clinical pain is often linked to poor body mechanics, with individuals sometimes presenting multiple painful disorders. Such disorders may be influenced by behaviors that affect the general resiliency and health of the musculoskeletal system. We aimed to develop a self-reported scale using the Malmo Diet and Cancer Study questions on work-related body mechanical exposures. An expert panel identified 41 variables having content validity for musculoskeletal problems. Exploratory factor analysis was conducted on a random selection of 50% of the cohort (n = 6,789 adults); the remaining was reserved for confirmatory factor analyses (CFA), item response theory (IRT) item calibration, and differential item functioning investigations. Supported by standard measure development methods and fit criteria, the final unidimensional item bank contains 13 items. Overall CFA statistics (root mean square error of approximation = .09; comparative fit index = .96; Tucker-Lewis index = .96; standardized root mean residuals = .05) indicated excellent single-factor model fit and appropriateness of IRT modeling and calibration. Expert review and item information values (score-precision) guided selection of an 8-item short form with acceptable score-level reliabilities (>=.70) for T-scores = 39-80+. This measure provides reliable assessment of body mechanics strain in adults and can be useful when evaluating different contributions to musculoskeletal problems affecting pain-treatment success in future clinical research.
Effects of early intermittent maternal separation on behavior, physiological, and growth performance in piglets; This study determined the extent of the effects of early intermittent maternal separation on suckling piglet welfare and health by monitoring their behavior, physiology, and growth performance. This study also proposed a model of early intermittent maternal separation using suckling piglets as an animal model.
Causal associations between dietary factors and colorectal cancer risk: a Mendelian randomization study; Background Previous epidemiological studies have found a link between colorectal cancer (CRC) and human dietary habits. However, the inherent limitations and inevitable confounding factors of the observational studies may lead to the inaccurate and doubtful results. The causality of dietary factors to CRC remains elusive.Methods We conducted two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses utilizing the data sets from the IEU Open GWAS project. The exposure datasets included alcoholic drinks per week, processed meat intake, beef intake, poultry intake, oily fish intake, non-oily fish intake, lamb/mutton intake, pork intake, cheese intake, bread intake, tea intake, coffee intake, cooked vegetable intake, cereal intake, fresh fruit intake, salad/raw vegetable intake, and dried fruit intake. In our MR analyses, the inverse variance weighted (IVW) method was employed as the primary analytical approach. The weighted median, MR-Egger, weighted mode, and simple mode were also applied to quality control. Heterogeneity and pleiotropic analyses were implemented to replenish the accuracy of the results.Results MR consequences revealed that alcoholic drinks per week [odds ratio (OR): 1.565, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.068-2.293, p = 0.022], non-oily fish intake (OR: 0.286; 95% CI: 0.095-0.860; p = 0.026), fresh fruit intake (OR: 0.513; 95% CI: 0.273-0.964; p = 0.038), cereal intake (OR: 0.435; 95% CI: 0.253-0.476; p = 0.003) and dried fruit intake (OR: 0.522; 95% CI: 0.311-0.875; p = 0.014) was causally correlated with the risk of CRC. No other significant relationships were obtained. The sensitivity analyses proposed the absence of heterogeneity or pleiotropy, demonstrating the reliability of the MR results.Conclusion This study indicated that alcoholic drinks were associated with an increased risk of CRC, while non-oily fish intake, fresh fruit intake, cereal intake, and dried fruit were associated with a decreased risk of CRC. This study also indicated that other dietary factors included in this research were not associated with CRC. The current study is the first to establish the link between comprehensive diet-related factors and CRC at the genetic level, offering novel clues for interpreting the genetic etiology of CRC and replenishing new perspectives for the clinical practice of gastrointestinal disease prevention.
Causal relationship between dietary factors and breast cancer risk: A Mendelian randomization study; Background: Previous studies have discovered an association between dietary factors and breast cancer. However, few studies have used Mendelian randomization (MR) to assess the potential causal relationship between dietary factors and breast cancer. Methods: The exposure datasets for fresh fruit intake, dried fruit intake, salad/raw vegetable intake, cooked vegetable intake, oily fish intake, non-oily fish intake, cheese intake, and bread intake were obtained from the UK Biobank. The outcome dataset was extracted from the Breast Cancer Association Consortium (BCAC). We used the inverse variance weighted (IVW) method as the primary approach for the two-sample MR analysis. To ensure the accuracy of the results, we conducted heterogeneity and horizontal pleiotropy analyses. Additionally, multivariable MR analysis was conducted to ensure the stability of the results.Results: Dried fruit intake was found to be a protective factor for overall breast cancer (outliers excluded: OR: 0.549; 95 % CI: 0.429-0.702; p = 1.75 x 10-6). Subtype analyses showed that dried fruit intake was inversely associated with both estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) breast cancer (outliers excluded: OR: 0.669; 95 % CI: 0.512-0.875; p = 0.003) and ER-negative (ER-) breast cancer (OR: 0.559; 95 % CI: 0.379-0.827; p = 0.004), while fresh fruit intake was inversely associated with ER-breast cancer (excluded outliers: OR: 0.510; 95 % CI: 0.308-0.846; p = 0.009). No significant causal relationship was found between other dietary intakes and breast cancer. After adjusting for the effects of possible confounders, the causal relationships found by the two-sample MR analysis remained.Conclusion: Our study provides evidence that dried fruit intake may reduce the risk of both ER+ and ER-breast cancer, and fresh fruit intake may reduce the risk of ER-breast cancer. Other factors included in this study were not linked to breast cancer.
Bioactive Yoghurt Containing Curcumin and Chlorogenic Acid Reduces Inflammation in Postmenopausal Women; Menopause is marked by a gradual and permanent decrease of estrogen from the ovaries, leading to metabolic and physiological changes in the body. Combined with increased body mass index, postmenopausal women have elevated systemic inflammation and metabolic disturbances leading to increased risk of developing chronic diseases. A bioactive coconut yoghurt containing curcumin and chlorogenic acid was developed with the potential to target inflammatory processes. In this randomized crossover study, healthy postmenopausal women with a BMI of 25-40 were recruited to consume 125 g of either the bioactive or placebo yoghurt. Blood samples were collected at baseline, 30 min, and 1, 2, 3 and 4 h postprandially. Plasma inflammatory markers (TNF alpha and IL6) and metabolic markers (triglycerides, insulin and glucose) were measured. Participants had significantly lower plasma TNF alpha C-max after consumption of the bioactive yoghurt compared to placebo (mean difference = 0.3 pg/mL; p = 0.04). Additionally, plasma TNF alpha was significantly lower postprandially compared to baseline after consumption of the bioactive yogurt but not the placebo. No differences were observed in the metabolic markers measured. Conclusions: The bioactive yoghurt fortified with curcumin and chlorogenic acid has the potential to reduce inflammatory mediators; however, a larger and longer-term study is required to confirm these findings.
Leveraging low-density crossbred genotypes to offset crossbred phenotypes and their impact on purebred predictions; The objectives of this study were to 1) investigate the predictability and bias of genomic breeding values (GEBV) of purebred (PB) sires for CB performance when CB genotypes imputed from a low-density panel are available, 2) assess if the availability of those CB genotypes can be used to partially offset CB phenotypic recording, and 3) investigate the impact of including imputed CB genotypes in genomic analyses when using the algorithm for proven and young (APY). Two pig populations with up to 207,375 PB and 32,893 CB phenotypic records per trait and 138,026 PB and 32,893 CB genotypes were evaluated. PB sires were genotyped for a 50K panel, whereas CB animals were genotyped for a low-density panel of 600 SNP and imputed to 50K. The predictability and bias of GEBV of PB sires for backfat thickness (BFX) and average daily gain recorded (ADGX) recorded on CB animals were assessed when CB genotypes were available or not in the analyses. In the first set of analyses, direct inverses of the genomic relationship matrix (G) were used with phenotypic datasets truncated at different time points. In the next step, we evaluated the APY algorithm with core compositions differing in the CB genotype contributions. After that, the performance of core compositions was compared with an analysis using a random PB core from a purely PB genomic set. The number of rounds to convergence was recorded for all APY analyses. With the direct inverse of G in the first set of analyses, adding CB genotypes imputed from a low-density panel (600 SNP) did not improve predictability or reduce the bias of PB sires' GEBV for CB performance, even for sires with fewer CB progeny phenotypes in the analysis. That indicates that the inclusion of CB genotypes primarily used for inferring pedigree in commercial farms is of no benefit to offset CB phenotyping. When CB genotypes were incorporated into APY, a random core composition or a core with no CB genotypes reduced bias and the number of rounds to convergence but did not affect predictability. Still, a PB random core composition from a genomic set with only PB genotypes resulted in the highest predictability and the smallest number of rounds to convergence, although bias increased. Genotyping CB individuals for low-density panels is a valuable identification tool for linking CB phenotypes to pedigree; however, the inclusion of those CB genotypes imputed from a low-density panel (600 SNP) might not benefit genomic predictions for PB individuals or offset CB phenotyping for the evaluated CB performance traits. Further studies will help understand the usefulness of those imputed CB genotypes for traits with lower PB-CB genetic correlations and traits not recorded in the PB environment, such as mortality and disease traits.
Photodynamic therapy is more effective than imiquimod for actinic keratosis in organ transplant recipients: a randomized intraindividual controlled trial; Background Actinic keratoses (AKs) in solid organ transplant recipients (OTRs) are difficult-to-treat premalignancies and comparison of topical therapies is therefore warranted. Objectives In an intraindividual study to compare the efficacy and safety of field treatment with methyl aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy (MAL-PDT) and imiquimod (IMIQ) for AKs in OTRs. Methods OTRs (n = 35) with 572 AKs (grade I-III) in two similar areas on the face, scalp, dorsal hands or forearms were included. All patients received one MAL-PDT and one IMIQ session (three applications per week for 4 weeks) in each study area according to randomization. Treatments were repeated after 2 months (IMIQ) and 3 months (PDT) in skin with incomplete AK response. Outcome measures were complete lesion response (CR), skin reactions, laboratory results and treatment preference. Results The majority of study areas received two treatment sessions (PDT n = 25 patients; IMIQ n = 29 patients). At 3 months after two treatments, skin treated with PDT achieved a higher rate of CR (AK I-III median 78%; range 50-100) compared with IMIQ-treated skin areas (median 61%, range 33-100; P < 0.001). Fewer emergent AKs were seen in PDT-treated skin vs. IMIQ-treated skin (0.7 vs. 1.5 AKs, P = 0.04). Patients developed more intense inflammatory skin reactions following PDT, which resolved more rapidly compared with IMIQ (median 10 days vs. 18 days, P < 0.01). Patient preference (P = 0.47) and cosmesis (P > 0.30) were similar for PDT and IMIQ. Conclusions Compared with IMIQ, PDT treatment obtained a higher rate of AK clearance at 3-month follow-up and achieved shorter-lasting, but more intense, short-term skin reactions.
Healthy dietary patterns, foods, and risk of glioma: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: Accumulating epidemiological evidence has shown the favorable associations between healthy dietary patterns and risk of glioma, although the results remain inconclusive.Objective: We therefore carried out a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the evidence from previous published studies, and to clarify the effects of healthy dietary patterns, typical healthy foods on glioma.Methods: PubMed, Web of Science, CNKI, and Wan fang data were searched from inception up to September 2022 for eligible studies. Two authors independently performed the literature search, study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment. Heterogeneity across studies was estimated using the Cochran's Q test and I-2 statistic. According to heterogeneity, the fixed-effects model or random-effects model was selected to obtain the relative risk (RR) of the merger. Subgroup analysis, sensitivity analysis and publication bias were also used for our analysis.Results: Twenty-four articles that met the selection criteria, involving 7,278 glioma cases and 2,143,528 participants, were included in our analysis. There was a reduced risk of glioma in the highest compared with the lowest categories of healthy dietary patterns (RR = 0.58; 95% CI: 0.44-0.77; P < 0.0001). Moreover, compared with the lowest intakes, the highest intakes of vegetables (RR = 0.84; 95% CI: 0.73-0.96; P = 0.012) and fruits (RR = 0.85; 95% CI: 0.72-1.00; P = 0.045) significantly reduce the risk of glioma. However, the intakes of fresh fish, nuts, whole grains, and dairy products showed no statistically significant associations with the risk of glioma (P > 0.05).Conclusion: Findings from this systematic review and meta-analysis indicate that higher intakes of healthy dietary patterns, vegetables, and fruits are significantly associated with the lower risk of glioma. Further studies, particularly with prospective design, are required to confirm our findings.
DEMOGRAPHIC AND DIETARY PROFILES OF HIGH AND LOW-FAT CONSUMERS IN AUSTRALIA; Study objective - To determine the sociodemographic, attitudinal, and dietary correlates of high and low fat consumption in the community.
Effects of <i>cis-</i>9,<i>trans</i>-11 and <i>trans</i>-1 0,<i>cis</i>-12 conjugated linoleic acid on immune cell function in healthy humans; Background: Animal studies have suggested that conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), a natural component of ruminant meat and dairy products, may confer beneficial effects on health. However, little information on the effects of CLA on immune function is available, especially in humans. Furthermore, the effects of individual isomers of CLA have not been adequately investigated.
GASTROINTESTINAL FUNCTION IN CHRONIC RADIATION ENTERITIS EFFECTS OF LOPERAMIDE-N-OXIDE; The effects of loperamide-N-oxide, a new peripheral opiate agonist precursor, on gastrointestinal function were evaluated in 18 patients with diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis. Each patient was given, in double-blind randomised order, loperamide-N-oxide (3 mg orally twice daily) and placebo for 14 days, separated by a washout period of 14 days. Gastrointestinal symptoms; absorption of bile acid, vitamin B12, lactose, and fat; gastric emptying; small intestinal and whole gut transit; and intestinal permeability were measured during placebo and loperamide-N-oxide phases. Data were compared with those obtained in 18 normal subjects. In the patients, in addition to an increased frequency of bowel actions (P<0.001), there was reduced bile acid absorption, (p<0.001) a higher prevalence of lactose malabsorption (p<0.05) associated with a reduced dietary intake of dairy products (p<0.02), and faster small intestinal (p<0.001) and whole gut transit (p<0.05) when compared with the normal subjects. There was no significant difference in gastric emptying between the two groups. Treatment with loperamide-N-oxide was associated with a reduced frequency of bowel actions (p<0.001), slower small intestinal (p<0.001), and total gut transit (p<0.01), more rapid gastric emptying (p<0.01), improved absorption of bile acid (p<0.01), and increased permeability to Cr-51 EDTA (p<0.01). These observations indicate that: (1) diarrhoea caused by chronic radiation enteritis is associated with more rapid intestinal transit and a high prevalence of bile acid and lactose malabsorption, and (2) loperamide-N-oxide slows small intestinal transit, increases bile acid absorption, and is effective in the treatment of diarrhoea associated with chronic radiation enteritis.
Subclinical doses of dietary fumonisins and deoxynivalenol cause cecal microbiota dysbiosis in broiler chickens challenged with <i>Clostridium perfringens</i>; Fusarium toxins are one of the most common contaminants in poultry diets. The co-occurrence of fumonisins (FUM) and deoxynivalenol (DON), even at a subclinical dose, negatively affects the growth performance, intestinal integrity and induce subclinical necrotic enteritis in broiler chickens. Loss of gut integrity can be expected to alter the intestinal microbiota's composition. The objective of this study was to identify the effects of combined FUM and DON on the cecal microbiome profile and predicted metabolic functions and a short chain fatty acid profile in broilers challenged with Clostridium perfringens. A total of 240 1 day-old chicks were randomly assigned to two treatments: a control diet and the control diet with 3 mg/kg FUM + 4 mg/kg DON each with eight replications. All the birds were received cocci vaccine at d0. All birds in both treatment groups were challenged with C. perfringens 1 x 10(8) CFU via feed on d 19 and 20 to achieve 5% mortality. On d 35, the FUM and DON contaminated diet numerically (P = 0.06) decreased the body weight gain (BWG) by 84 g compared to the control group. The bacterial compositions of the cecal contents were analyzed by sequencing the V3-V4 region of the 16S rRNA gene. Overall, microbial richness and diversity increased (P < 0.02) during the studied period (d 21-35). Cecal contents of birds in the FUM + DON group had greater (P < 0.05) microbial evenness and diversity (Shannon index) compared to the control group. FUM + DON exposure decreased (P = 0.001) the relative abundance of Proteobacteria in the cecal content, compared to the control group. The combined FUM + DON significantly increased the relative abundance of the Defluviitaleaceae and Lachnospiraceae families (P < 0.05) but decreased the abundances of the Moraxellaceae and Streptococcaceae (P < 0.05) compared to the control group birds. At the genus level, FUM + DON exposure decreased (P < 0.05) Acinetobacter and Pseudomonas abundance and had a tendency (P = 0.08) to decrease Thermincola abundance compared to the control group. In the ileum, no NE-specific microscopic abnormalities were found; however, the tip of the ileal villi were compromised. The present findings showed that dietary FUM and DON contamination, even at subclinical levels, altered cecal microbial composition, dysregulated intestinal functions, and impaired the gut immune response, potentially predisposing the birds to necrotic enteritis.
Meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of saturated fat with cardiovascular disease; Background: A reduction in dietary saturated fat has generally been thought to improve cardiovascular health.
Supplementing protein and starch combined to ewes in good body condition may not improve colostrum in ewes; Context. Lamb survival can be compromised by twin-bearing ewes being unable to produce enough colostrum and immunoglobulins following parturition. Without sufficient colostrum production, newborn lambs are at risk of death due to starvation, mismothering, exposure and infection. These deaths can be reduced by altering the ewe's nutrition in the final weeks of pregnancy. Starch, a glucose precursor, has increased colostrum production; however, the digestibility of starch can be increased with protein supplement, which may increase colostrum production.
Associations of energy, fat, calcium, and vitamin D with prostate cancer risk; This population-based, case-control study in King County, Washington examined associations of energy, fat, vitamin D, and calcium with risk of prostate cancer in 605 incident cases (ages 40-64 years) identified from the Seattle-Puget Sound Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results registry and 592 controls recruited from the same underlying population using random-digit telephone sampling. Self-administered food frequency questionnaires were used to assess diet over the 3-5-year period before diagnosis or interview date. Total energy was associated with increased risk for both local and regional/distant stage disease. The adjusted odds ratios [95% confidence intervals (CIs)] contrasting highest to lowest quintile of energy intake were 2.15 (95% CI, 1.35-3.43) for local and 1.96 (95% CI, 1.08-3.56) for regional/ distant disease. Fat was associated with regional/distant disease only. Adjusted odds ratios comparing the highest to lowest quintiles of percentage energy from total, saturated, and monounsaturated fats were 2.01 (1.03-3.92), 1.82 (0.93-3.56), and 2.00 (1.03-3.87), respectively. For calcium, adjusted odds ratios contrasting the highest to lowest quartiles were 1.07 (0.63-1.84) for local and 2.12 (1.02-4.38) for regional/distant disease. There were no associations of vitamin D, total polyunsaturated fatty acids, or the highly unsaturated, long-chain eicosapentainoic and docosahexaenoic fatty acids with prostate cancer risk. These results suggest that high energy intake is a risk factor for both localized and nonlocalized prostate cancer, whereas dietary fat and calcium increase the risk of regional/distant disease only. These results are consistent with general dietary guidelines to moderate consumption of total energy and fat, and they motivate further research to consider the potential benefits and risks of high calcium intake.
Independent and Combined Effects of Probiotics and Prebiotics as Supplements or Food-Rich Diets on a Propionic-Acid-Induced Rodent Model of Autism Spectrum Disorder; The link between nutrition and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) as a neurodevelopmental condition, which is clinically presented as significant delays or deviations in interaction and communication, has provided a fresh point of view and signals that nutrition may play a role in the etiology of ASD, as well as playing an effective role in treatment by improving symptoms. In this study, 36 male albino rat pups were used. They were randomly divided into five groups. The control group was fed only a standard diet and water for the 30 days of the experiment. The second group, which served as a propionic acid (PPA)-induced rodent model of ASD, received orally administered PPA (250 mg/kg body weight (BW)) for 3 days, followed by feeding with a standard diet until the end of the experiment. The three other groups were given PPA (250 mg/kg body weight (BW)) for 3 days and then fed a standard diet and orally administered yogurt (3 mL/kg BW/day), artichokes (400 mL/kg BW/day), and a combination of Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus GG at 0.2 mL daily (1 x 10(9) CFU; as the probiotic of yogurt) and luteolin (50 mg/kg BW/day; as the major antioxidant and anti-inflammatory ingredient of artichokes) for 27 days. Biochemical markers, including gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase (GPx1), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and interleukin-10 (IL-10), were measured in brain homogenates in all groups. The data showed that while PPA demonstrated oxidative stress and neuroinflammation in the treated rats, yogurt, Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus GG as a probiotic, and luteolin as a prebiotic ingredient in artichokes were effective in alleviating the biochemical features of ASD. In conclusion, nutritional supplementation seems to be a promising intervention strategy for ASD. A combined dietary approach using pro- and prebiotics resulted in significant amelioration of most of the measured variables, suggesting that multiple interventions might be more relevant for the improvement of biochemical autistic features, as well as psychological traits. Prospective controlled trials are needed before recommendations can be made regarding the ideal ASD diet.
Topical corticosteroids for the prevention of severe radiation dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis; PurposeRadiation dermatitis (RD) is a frequently occurring adverse reaction during radiotherapy in cancer patients. While the use of topical corticosteroids (TCs) is common for the treatment of RD, its role in preventing severe reactions remains unclear. This systematic review and meta-analysis aim to evaluate the evidence on the use of TCs as prophylaxis of RD.MethodsA systematic search was conducted using OVID MedLine, Embase, and Cochrane databases (between 1946 and 2023) to identify studies examining TC use in the prevention of severe RD. Statistical analysis was completed using RevMan 5.4 to calculate pooled effect sizes and 95% confidence intervals. Forest plots were then developed using a random effects model.ResultsTen RCTs with a total of 1041 patients met the inclusion criteria. Six studies reported on mometasone furoate (MF) and four studies reported on betamethasone. Both TCs were associated with a significant improvement in the prevention of moist desquamation [OR = 0.34, 95% CI [0.25, 0.47], p < 0.00001], but betamethasone was found to be more effective than MF [OR = 0.29, 95% CI [0.18, 0.46], p < 0.00001 and OR = 0.39, 95% CI [0.25, 0.61], p < 0.0001, respectively]. A similar finding was seen in reducing the development of grade 2 or higher RD according to the Radiation Therapy Oncology Group scale.ConclusionsThe current evidence supports the use of TCs in preventing severe reactions of RD. Both MF and betamethasone were found to be effective; however, betamethasone, a higher potency TC, is more effective despite MF being more commonly reported in literature.
Treatment of actinic keratoses; Dermatologists have many therapeutic options for the management of actinic keratoses (AK), in order to treat individual lesions or wider areas. Field cancerization is an area of sun-damaged skin, where visible and subclinical lesions co-exist, and is prone to the development of further AK lesions and sun-related skin cancers (SC). Treatments available are instrumental or medical. Resistance to treatment or atypical symptoms must lead to a biopsy for histological exam.
Pilot study assessing the possible benefits of a higher level of implementation of biosecurity measures on farm productivity and health status in Belgian cattle farms; Over the last few years, the interest of decision-makers and control agencies in biosecurity (BS), aiming at preventing and controlling the introduction and spread of infectious diseases, has considerably increased. Nevertheless, previous studies highlighted a low implementation level of biosecurity measures (BSM), especially in cattle farms; different reasons were identified such as perceived costs, utility, importance, increased workload and lack of knowledge. In order to convince cattle farmers to adopt BSM, it is necessary to gather more information and evidence on their cost-effectiveness and their importance or utility in terms of disease prevention and control. The objectives of this study were to determine whether the farm or farmers' profile correlated with the implementation level of BSM and if there was a positive correlation between the BSM implementation and the farm production and health parameters. Data were collected through face-to-face interviews conducted in 100 Belgian farms as part of a stratified and randomized survey. The Regional Animal Health Services provided the farm health status and production data. A general BS score and five sub-scores related to the five BS compartments (bio-exclusion, bio-compartmentation, bio-containment, bio-prevention and bio-preservation) were calculated for each farm based on the implementation level of different BSM grouped in 16 domains. The study highlighted a significant and negative correlation between the mortality rates in adult cattle (over 24 months of age) and young calves (aged 0-7 days) and different BS compartment scores. The study also demonstrated that the farms having a higher general BS score were indeed more likely to have a BVD-free status. These evidence-based findings are encouraging as they demonstrate the benefits of implementing BSM and could promote their adoption by farmers.
Morphological mechanism of the development of pulmonary emphysema in <i>klotho</i> mice; The concept of fractal geometry is useful for the analysis of irregular and complex structures often seen in nature. Here we apply this concept to investigate the structural mechanism of the development of pulmonary emphysema in the klotho mouse, which, after milk feeding, exhibits characteristics resembling aging and develops emphysema. We calculated the relationships between perimeter and size characterizing shape and between cumulative frequency and size of the terminal air spaces identified from histologic slides and found that both relations followed a power law with fractal properties. However, the fractal dimensions related to the shape and size (Dsn) in the klotho mice were significantly lower than in controls. Additionally, in the klotho mice, Dsn decreased with age without significant change in mean linear intercept. These abnormal morphological changes were restored when the klotho mice were fed with a vitamin D-deficient diet. Previously undescribed morphological model simulations showed that a random destruction, in which the destruction process occurs homogeneously in the lungs, was more consistent with the data than a correlated destruction that is usually seen in smoking-related human emphysema. These results suggest that the pathological changes in the lungs of the klotho mice are derived not from localized causes, but from systemic causes that are related to abnormal activation of vitamin D. The morphogenesis of emphysema in the klotho mice and morphological analyses using fractal geometry may contribute to the understanding of the progressive nature and cause of parenchymal destruction in human emphysema.
Total fat consumption and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies; Fat consumption has been hypothesized to influence pancreatic cancer risk, but the results of epidemiologic studies have been controversial. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of case-control and cohort studies to investigate this issue. Relevant published studies were identified by searching MEDLINE (PubMed) through February 2014. Two authors (Q.-W.S. and Q.-Y.Y.) independently assessed eligibility and the extracted data. Study-specific relative risks (RRs) were pooled using a random-effects model. We also carried out heterogeneity and publication bias analyses. Six cohort and 13 case-control studies with 6159 pancreatic cancer cases and 1 068 476 noncases were included in this meta-analysis. The summary RR for pancreatic cancer for the highest versus lowest intake was 1.04 [95% confidence interval (CI)=0.90-1.20, I-2=57.3%, P for heterogeneity=0.001] for total fat. In addition, when separately analyzed by study design, case-control (RR=1.03, 95% CI=0.83-1.27, I-2=55.8%, P for heterogeneity=0.007) and cohort studies (RR=1.05, 95% CI=0.85-1.29, I-2=66.7%, P for heterogeneity=0.010) yielded similar results. Furthermore, no statistically significant associations were observed in the subgroup analyses on the basis of fat source, geographic location, whether using energy-adjusted models, and whether adjusted for several potential confounders and important risk factors. There was no evidence of publication bias or significant heterogeneity between subgroups on meta-regression analyses. The results of this meta-analysis do not support an independent association between diets high in total fat and pancreatic cancer risk.
Effect of feeding chemically treated mustard cake on growth, thyroid and liver functions and carcass characteristics in kids; Twelve crossbred (Alpine x Beetal) kids (4.5 months, 11.7 kg BW) were randomly distributed into two groups of six each. Untreated mustard cake (MC) of the concentrate mixture of control group (I) was replaced by 1% CuSO4-treated MC (w/w) in the treatment group (II) and both groups were fed green maize and oats fodders ad libitum. Both concentrate mixtures were iso-nitrogenous and their glucosinolate and copper contents were 12.79, 0.51 mumol/g and 36.78 and 812.60 ppm, respectively. Palatability of treated MC based concentrate mixture was higher (P < 0.01) than that of untreated MC throughout the experimental period, however, the total intake of concentrate mixture per day did not vary significantly between the groups. The average BW gain per day in groups I and II was 57.83 +/- 15.82 and 57.33 +/- 3.43 g, respectively. Plasma T-3 level in groups I and II was 1.03 +/- 0.09 and 1.14 +/- 0.12 ng/ml, respectively and the corresponding value for T-4 was 40.69 +/- 0.98 and 44.87 +/- 2.20 ng/ml. Plasma glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase (GOT), gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGTP), glutamate pyruvate transaminase (GPT) activities and urea and creatinine contents were similar in both groups. Plasma copper in group I (0.54 +/- 0.02 ppm) was significantly (P < 0.01) lower than in group II (0.77 +/- 0.03 ppm) and this had manifestation in liver copper content (6.97 ppm versus 525.82 ppm). The cytochrome oxidase activity in liver tissue, weight of thyroid gland and proximate composition of longissimus dorsi muscle were similar in both groups. Thyroid and liver tissues of both groups did not show any morphological and histological changes. No evidence of inflammation, hemorrhage, or malignant pathology was detected in tissues of both groups. It can be concluded that despite the reduction in glucosinolate content by chemical treatment of mustard cake, its feeding as a sole protein source did not improve performance over untreated mustard cake. (C) 2003 Published by Elsevier B.V.
The impact of Chernobyl on health and labour market performance; Using longitudinal data from Ukraine we examine the extent of any long-lasting effects of exposure to the Chernobyl disaster on the health and labour market performance of the adult workforce. Variation in the local area level of radiation fallout from the Chernobyl accident is considered as a random exogenous shock with which to try to establish its causal impact on poor health, labour force participation, hours worked and wages. There appears to be a significant positive association between local area-level radiation dosage and perception of poor health, though much weaker associations between local area-level dosage and other specific self-reported health conditions. There is also some evidence to suggest that those who lived in areas more exposed to Chernobyl-induced radiation have significantly lower levels of labour market performance 20 years on. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and Safety of Photodynamic Therapy for the Treatment of Actinic Keratoses: A Meta-Analysis Update of Randomized Controlled Trials; BACKGROUNDActinic keratoses (AKs) are common and some may evolve into squamous cell carcinoma. Photodynamic therapy (PDT), imiquimod, cryotherapy, and other methods have been reported to have good effects. However, which treatment is the most effective with the best cosmetic results and fewest complications is uncertain.OBJECTIVETo evaluate which method has the best efficacy and cosmetic results with less adverse events and recurrence rate.MATERIALS AND METHODSAll relevant articles up to July 31, 2022 were searched from Cochrane, Embase, and PubMed databases. Extract and analyze the data of efficacy, cosmetic results, local reactions, and adverse effects.RESULTSTwenty-nine articles with 3,,850 participants and 24,747 lesions were included. Quality of evidence was generally high. The efficacy of PDT was better in complete response (CR) (lesions CR; risk ratio (RR) 1.87; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.55-1.87/patient CR; RR 3.07; 95% CI 2.07-4.56), overall preference, and cosmetic results. The time cumulative meta-analysis showed that the curative effect was gradually increasing before 2004, and then gradually stabilizing. Two groups showed no statistically significant differences in recurrence.CONCLUSIONCompared with other methods, PDT is significantly more effective for AK with excellent cosmetic results and reversible adverse effects.
Complementary and Alternative Therapies for Genitourinary Syndrome of Menopause An Evidence Map; Background: Women seeking nonhormonal interventions for vulvovaginal, urinary, and sexual symptoms associated with genitourinary syndrome of menopause (GSM) may seek out complementary and alternative medicine or therapies (CAMs). Purpose: To summarize published evidence of CAMs for GSM. Data Sources: Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CINAHL from inception through 11 December 2023. Study Selection: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) 8 weeks or more in duration that evaluated the effectiveness or harms of CAMs for postmenopausal women with GSM and reported 1 or more outcomes of interest, with sample sizes of 20 or more participants randomly assigned per group. Data Extraction: Data were abstracted by 1 reviewer and verified by a second. Data Synthesis: An evidence map approach was used to organize and describe trials. Studies were organized by type of intervention, with narrative summaries for population, study characteristics, interventions, and outcomes. Fifty-seven trials were identified that investigated 39 unique interventions. Studies were typically small (n < 200), and most were done in Iran (k = 24) or other parts of Asia (k = 9). Few trials evaluated similar combinations of populations, interventions, comparators, or outcomes. Most studies (k = 44) examined natural products (that is, herbal or botanical supplements and vitamins), whereas fewer reported on mind and body practices (k = 6) or educational programs (k = 7). Most studies reported 1 or 2 GSM symptoms, mainly sexual (k = 44) or vulvovaginal (k = 30). Tools used to measure outcomes varied widely. Most trials reported on adverse events (k = 33). Limitations: Only English-language studies were used. Effect estimates, risk of bias, and certainty of evidence were not assessed. Conclusion: There is a large and heterogeneous literature of CAM interventions for GSM. Trials were small, and few were done in North America. Standardized population, intervention, comparator, and outcomes reporting in future RCTs are needed.
EFFECTS OF AGE ON THE CHANGES IN LEVELS OF UREA, TOTAL PROTEIN, NONPROTEIN NITROGEN, AMINO NITROGEN AND URIC-ACID IN BLOOD-SERUM OF CALVES; Lack of nutrients is manifested the most in young animals, in particular in first days of life and later at transition from dairy nutrition to plant one. In these "critical periods" different metabolic and consequently also health disorders of calves may be apparent.
Effect of <i>Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii</i> on sows' farrowing duration and reproductive performance, and weanling piglets' performance and IgG concentration; We studied the effects of Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii CNCM I-1079 (LSB) supplemented to lactating sows on reproductive traits and farrowing duration and to piglets from day 7 of life on post-weaning performance and IgG concentration. Ninety-six Landrace x Yorkshire sows started the trial 5 days before the expected farrowing date. Sows were distributed into 2 groups according to parity number and backfat thickness: control (CON: regular lactation diet) and LSB (CON + LSB at 2 x 10(9) colony forming units [CFU]/kg of feed). Seven days after birth, litters were randomly selected from each group and supplemented creep feed with or without LSB at 2 x 10(9) CFU/kg. At weaning, piglets from CON sows were shifted to a commercial farm and allocated to 14 pens in groups of 25 piglets/pen according to the creep feed supplemented during lactation. Piglets followed a 3-phase feeding program: creep, pre -starter and starter, with or without LSB at 2 x 10(9) CFU/kg LSB in creep and pre-starter, and 1 x 10(9) CFU/kg LSB in starter. The piglets were vaccinated against classical swine fever on days 41 and 72 of life. One day before each vaccination and at the end of the trial, blood samples were collected from 15 randomly selected piglets per treatment and assessed for total IgG. Supplemented sows with non-supplemented litters displayed the lowest backfat thickness loss during lactation (p < 0.05). The LSB supplementation shortened farrowing duration (p < 0.05) and increased feed intake (p < 0.05) during the first week of lactation. The LSB-fed piglets were heavier at the end of creep (p < 0.05), pre-starter (p < 0.05), and the trial (p < 0.05); grew faster during creep (p < 0.05), starter (p < 0.05), and overall (p < 0.05); and displayed an improved feed conversion ratio during creep (p < 0.05). Total IgG content was higher at days 40 (p < 0.05) and 71 (p < 0.05) in LSB-fed piglets. We conclude that supplementing sows with Saccharomyces cerevisiae boulardii CNCM I-1079 from late gestation until weaning shortens farrowing duration, increases feed intake, and minimizes backfat losses during lactation. When supplemented to piglet diet, post-weaning performance is improved. This improvement observed could be linked to a better immune status, as suggested by the higher IgG.
Randomized, prospective assessment of moisturizer efficacy for the treatment of radiation dermatitis following radiotherapy after breast-conserving surgery; Objective: The effect of heparinoid moisturizer use after acute skin damage for patients receiving whole-breast radiotherapy after lumpectomy is understudied.
VEGETABLES, FRUITS, AND LEGUMES - EFFECT ON URINARY ISOFLAVONOID PHYTOESTROGEN AND LIGNAN EXCRETION; Objective To compare the effect of vegetable, fruit, and legume consumption on urinary isoflavonoid phytoestrogen and lignan excretion.
Colostrum Replacement and Serum IgG Concentrations in Beef Calves Delivered by Elective Cesarean Section; Simple Summary Inadequate consumption of maternal colostrum and lack of sufficient transfer of immunoglobulin G (IgG) to the circulation increases the risk of disease and death for beef calves. Assisted calving and cesarean section (C-section) are important risk factors for the inability of beef calves to stand, nurse colostrum from their dam, and acquire passive immunity. Colostrum replacement recommendations for beef calves, and especially for those delivered by C-section, are unavailable. The objective of this study was to determine whether or not administration of a colostrum replacement product alone or in combination with consumption of maternal colostrum would increase the serum IgG concentrations of beef calves delivered by elective C-section, compared to C-section-born calves not supplemented with colostrum. An elective C-section was performed in 32 pregnant beef cows and first-calf heifers. Immediately after delivery, newborn calves were randomly assigned to one of three different treatment groups. Group A calves (n = 7) were fed one packet of a commercial colostrum replacer (CR) product providing 60 g of IgG within 30 min of life. A second packet of the same CR was fed at 6 h of life. Group B calves (n = 13) were fed the same CR at the same frequency as group A; however, these calves were reunited with their dams after the second CR feeding to allow additional nursing of maternal colostrum. Group C calves (n = 12) were united with their dams immediately after surgery without colostrum intervention. Serum IgG levels at 48 h of life were greater in calves from group C and in calves born to multiparous cows. Based on the results of this study, neither colostrum replacement nor supplementation result in higher serum IgG concentrations in beef calves delivered by elective C-section compared with natural nursing.Abstract Assistance during calving and cesarean section (C-section) are important risk factors for the failure of transfer of passive immunity (FTPI) in beef calves, which increases the risk of morbidity and mortality in beef calves during the preweaning period. Colostrum replacement recommendations for beef calves, and especially for those delivered by C-section, are unavailable. The objective of this study was to determine whether or not colostrum replacement or supplementation with a commercially available product could increase serum IgG concentrations in beef calves delivered by elective C-section, compared to beef calves that nursed colostrum naturally. An elective C-section was performed in 32 pregnant beef cows and first-calf heifers. Immediately after delivery, newborn calves were randomly assigned to one of three different treatment groups. Group A calves (n = 7) were fed one packet of a commercial colostrum replacer (CR) product providing 60 g of IgG within 30 min of life. A second packet of the same CR was fed at 6 h of life. Group B calves (n = 13) were fed the same CR at the same frequency as group A; however, these calves were reunited with their dams after the second CR feeding to allow additional nursing of maternal colostrum. Group C calves (n = 12) were united with their dams immediately after surgery without colostrum intervention. Serum IgG levels at 48 h of life were greater in group C calves and in calves born to multiparous cows. Based on the results of this study, neither colostrum replacement nor supplementation result in higher serum IgG concentrations in beef calves delivered by elective C-section compared with natural nursing.
Comparison of cluster and principal component analysis techniques to derive dietary patterns in Irish adults; The aims of the present study were to examine and compare dietary patterns in adults using cluster and factor analyses and to examine the format of the dietary variables on the pattern solutions (i.e. expressed as grams/day (g/d) of each food group or as the percentage contribution to total energy intake). Food intake data were derived from the North/South Ireland Food Consumption Survey 1997-9, which was a randomised cross-sectional study of 7 d recorded food and nutrient intakes of a representative sample of 1379 Irish adults aged 18-64 years. Cluster analysis was performed using the k-means algorithm and principal component analysis (PCA) was used to extract dietary factors. Food data were reduced to thirty-three food groups. For cluster analysis, the most suitable format of the food-group variable was found to be the percentage contribution to energy intake, which produced six clusters: 'Traditional Irish'; 'Continental'; 'Unhealthy foods'; 'Light-meal foods & low-fat milk'; 'Healthy foods'; 'Wholemeal bread & desserts'. For PCA, food groups in the format of g/d were found to be the most suitable format, and this revealed four dietary patterns: 'Unhealthy foods & high alcohol'; 'Traditional Irish'; 'Healthy foods'; 'Sweet convenience foods & low alcohol'. In summary, cluster and PCA identified similar dietary patterns when presented with the same dataset. However, the two dietary pattern methods required a different format of the food-group variable, and the most appropriate format of the input variable should be considered in future studies.
Host transcriptome response to heat stress and <i>Eimeria maxima</i> infection in meat-type chickens; Eimeria (E.) maxima parasite infects chickens' midgut disrupting the jejunal and ileal mucosa causing high morbidity and mortality. Heat stress (HS) is a seasonal stressor that impacts biological functions leading to poor performance. This study elucidates how HS, E. maxima infection, and their combination affect the ileum transcriptome. Two-hundred and forty 2-week-old males Ross708 chickens were randomly allocated into four treatment groups: thermoneutral-control (TNc), thermoneutral-infected (TNi), heat-stress control (HSc), and heat stress-infected (HSi), with 6 replicates each of 10 birds. Infected groups received 200x10(3) sporulated E. maxima oocysts/bird, and heat-treated groups were raised at 35 degrees C. At 6-day post-treatment, ileums of five randomly selected chickens per group were sampled, RNA was extracted and sequenced. A total of 413, 3377, 1908, and 2304 DEGs were identified when applying the comparisons: TNc vs HSc, TNc vs TNi, HSi vs HSc, and TNi vs HSi, respectively, at cutoff >= 1.2-fold change (FDR: q<0.05). HSc vs TNc showed upregulation of lipid metabolic pathways and degradation/metabolism of multiple amino acids; and downregulation of most immune-related and protein synthesis pathways. TNc vs TNi displayed upregulation of most of immune-associated pathways and eukaryotic mRNA maturation pathways; and downregulation of fatty acid metabolism and multiple amino acid metabolism pathways including tryptophan. Comparing HSi versus HSc and TNi revealed that combining the two stressors restored the expression of some cellular functions, e.g., oxidative phosphorylation and protein synthesis; and downregulate immune response pathways associated with E. maxima infection. During E. maxima infection under HS the calcium signaling pathway was downregulated, including genes responsible for increasing the cytoplasmic calcium concentration; and tryptophan metabolism was upregulated, including genes that contribute to catabolizing tryptophan through serotonin and indole pathways; which might result in reducing the cytoplasmic pool of nutrients and calcium available for the parasite to scavenge and consequently might affect the parasite's reproductive ability.
Urinary Arsenic in Human Samples from Areas Characterized by Natural or Anthropogenic Pollution in Italy; Arsenic is ubiquitous and has a potentially adverse impact on human health. We compared the distribution of concentrations of urinary inorganic arsenic plus methylated forms (uc(iAs+MMA+DMA)) in four Italian areas with other international studies, and we assessed the relationship between uc(iAs+MMA+DMA) and various exposure factors. We conducted a human biomonitoring study on 271 subjects (132 men) aged 20-44, randomly sampled and stratified by area, gender, and age. Data on environmental and occupational exposure and dietary habits were collected through a questionnaire. Arsenic was speciated using chromatographic separation and inductively coupled mass spectrometry. Associations between uc(iAs+MMA+DMA) and exposure factors were evaluated using the geometric mean ratio (GMR) with a 90% confidence interval by stepwise multiple regression analysis. The 95th percentile value of uc(iAs+MMA+DMA) for the whole sample (86.28 mu g/L) was higher than other national studies worldwide. A statistical significant correlation was found between uc(iAs+MMA+DMA) and occupational exposure (GMR: 2.68 [1.79-4.00]), GSTT gene (GMR: 0.68 [0.52-0.80]), consumption of tap water (GMR: 1.35 [1.02-1.77]), seafood (GMR: 1.44 [1.11-1.88]), whole milk (GMR: 1.34 [1.04-1.73]), and fruit/vegetables (GMR: 1.37 [1.03-1.82]). This study demonstrated the utility of uc(iAs+MMA+DMA) as a biomarker to assess environmental exposure. In a public health context, this information could be used to support remedial action, to prevent individuals from being further exposed to environmental arsenic sources.
Analysis of IgE antibodies from a patient with atopic dermatitis: Biased V gene usage and evidence for polyreactive IgE heavy chain complementarity-determining region 3; To better understand V gene usage, specificity, and clonal origins of IgE Abs in allergic reactions, we have constructed a combinatorial Ab library from the mRNA of an adult patient with atopic dermatitis. Sequence analysis of random clones revealed that 33% of clones used the IGHV6-1 H chain V gene segment, the only member of the V(H)6 gene family. IGHV6-1 is rarely used in the expressed adult repertoire; however, it is associated with fetal derived Abs. Features of the V(H)6 rearrangements included short complementarity-determining region 3, frequent use of IGHD7-27 D gene, and little nucleotide addition at the D-J junction. There was also a low level of mutation compared with V(H)1, V(H)3, and V(H)4 rearrangements. The library was expressed as phage-Fab fusions, and specific phage selected by panning on the egg allergen ovomucoid. Upon expression as soluble IgE Fabs, 12 clones demonstrated binding to ovomucoid, skim milk, and BSA by ELISA. Nucleotide sequencing demonstrated that the IGHV6-1 V gene segment encoded each of the 12 multiply reactive IgE Fabs. A cyclic peptide was designed from the complementarity-determining region 3 of several of these clones. The cyclic peptide bound both self and nonself Ags, including ovomucoid, human IgG, tetanus toxoid, and human and bovine von Willebrand factor. These results suggest that some IgE Abs may bind more than one Ag, which would have important implications for understanding the multiple sensitivities seen in conditions such as atopic dermatitis.
Probiotic bacteria stimulate virus-specific neutralizing antibodies following a booster polio vaccination; Background Orally ingested probiotic bacteria may modulate the immune response and increase antibody titers against enteric infections by bacteria or viruses. Even though positive effects of probiotics on respiratory tract infections have been reported, overall only few studies have examined effects on virus infections concerning organs other than the gastrointestinal tract. Aim of the study. It was the aim of the study to investigate whether and how probiotics affect the immune response to a standardized enterovirus challenge (polio) and infections not limited to the gastrointestinal tract in healthy adults. Methods In a randomized, controlled and double-blind study 64 volunteers consumed for 5 weeks chemically acidified clotted milk without bacteria or with 10(10)/serving Lactobacillus rhamnosus supercript stop GG or Lactobacillus acidophilus CRL431 added. In the second week subjects were vaccinated orally against polio 1, 2 and 3. Polio virus neutralizing serum activity, the primary parameter, was determined by the standard neutralization test (WHO) before and three times after vaccination. Polio-specific IgA, IgG and IgM were detected by ELISAs. Results Probiotics increased poliovirus neutralizing antibody titers (NT) and affected the formation of poliovirus-specific IgA and IgG in serum. The maximum increase after immunization was about 2, 2.2, or 4-fold higher, respectively, for NT, IgG or, IgA, in volunteers consuming probiotics instead of placebo. No consistent difference was noted between bacterial strains. Conclusions Probiotics induce an immunologic response that may provide enhanced systemic protection of cells from virus infections by increasing production of virus neutralizing antibodies.
The effects of pre- and early post-calving management on reproductive performance of beef cows; One hundred and thirty-four pregnant beef cows (liveweight = 544.3 kg +/- 73.3 kg SD condition score = 3.5 +/- 0.3 SD), were randomly assigned in January to five management treatments (combinations of feed restriction and weaning time) to study the effects on calving and rebreeding performance. Twenty-seven were feed-restricted (54.7 MJ DE d(-1)) for the last 3 mo of pregnancy then realimented (3REST); their calves were weaned in October. Thirty were feed-restricted for the last 3 mo of pregnancy (54.7 MJ DE d(-1)) and the first 2 mo of lactation (99.6 MJ DE d(-1)), then their calves were weaned and turned out to graze in June (5REST). The remaining 77 cows (UNREST) were supplemented on range with 153.5 MJ DE d(-1) from January until calving. Their calves were weaned in either August (one group of 26 calves directly into a feedlot, a second group of 26 onto unsupplemented range) or October (25 calves directly into a feedlot). All cows grazed together on the range from June onwards. After calving, the restricted (3REST and 5REST) cows were significantly lighter (464.4 and 469.5 kg vs. 506.9 kg) and thinner (condition scores 2.5 and 2.6 vs. 3.0) than the UNREST cows, but the percentage of cows calving, calf mortality, assisted births, calving dates, udder scores and mean birth weight of calves were not affected (P > 0.05) by pre-calving nutrition. Catch-up growth was evident in both the 3REST and 5REST cows once exposed to higher energy feeding. There were no significant effects (P > 0.05) of the management (nutrition and weaning) treatments on the following year's breeding and calving performance. It is concluded that the combinations of nutrition and weaning used in this study did not necessarily impair calving or rebreeding performance of beef cows, which calved in condition score 2.5 or above.
Soy isoflavones, body composition, and physical performance; Objectives: Physiologic changes, occurring during the process of aging, can have serious health consequences, such as increased risk of chronic disease and disability. Decline in estradiol levels after menopause is hypothesized to contribute to this risk. Thus, hormone therapy (HT) might prevent or delay those changes. However, HT has serious side effects and alternative approaches are needed.
Saturated, Monounsaturated and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake and Risk of Pancreatic Cancer: Evidence from Observational Studies; Background
Supplementing a Bacillus-based probiotic to high-risk stocker cattle; This experiment evaluated the performance, health, and physiological responses of high-risk steers receiving a Bacillus-based probiotic during a 90-d grazing period. A total of 240 Angus-influenced steers were used in this experiment that was replicated over 2 yr (120 steers/year). Each year, steers were obtained from an auction yard and transported to the experimental facility (120 km). Steer body weight (BW) was recorded at arrival (day -1), and this value was averaged with BW recorded on day 0 to represent the initial BW (236.6 +/- 1.5 kg). On day 0, steers were ranked by BW and allocated to 1 of 12 pastures with stockpiled native grass (4-ha pastures; 10 steers/pasture). Pastures were randomly assigned to receive daily supplementation with dried distillers' grains at 1% of BW containing either: 1) Bacillus subtilis + B. licheniformis probiotic (BOV; 2 g/steer daily of Bovacillus; Novonesis, Horsholm, Denmark) or 2) no feed additive (CON). Cattle received treatments from days 0 to 90, in addition to free-choice access to water and mineral + vitamin mix without ionophore. Steers were assessed for bovine respiratory disease (BRD) signs daily. Blood samples were collected and full BW was recorded on days 0, 14, 28, 56, and 90. Shrunk BW was recorded on day 91 after 16 h of feed and water restriction, and a 4% pencil shrink was used to calculate the final BW. Average daily gain (ADG) was calculated based on initial and final BW. No treatment effects were detected (P >= 0.73) for steer final BW and ADG. A treatment x day interaction was detected (P <= 0.05) for plasma haptoglobin concentration, which was greater for CON steers on days 14 and 28 (P <= 0.02). Incidence of BRD signs did not differ (P = 0.97) between treatments (51.7% and 51.3% for BOV and CON, respectively; SEM = 7.70). However, steer mortality + removals for health complications were greater (P = 0.01) in CON compared to BOV (0.00% vs. 5.04%, respectively; SEM = 1.41). Supplementing BOV improved (P <= 0.04) total pasture-based liveweight change (643 vs. 502 kg/pasture, respectively; SEM = 45) and final pasture-based total liveweight (3,007 vs. 2,869 kg/pasture, respectively; SEM = 46). Collectively, supplementation with a probiotic based on B. subtilis and B. licheniformis to high-risk stocker cattle did not alleviate the incidence of BRD signs nor improved ADG, but decreased acute-phase protein response, reduced steer mortality + removal, and increased pasture-based productivity during a 90-d grazing period.
Long-term vagal stimulation for heart failure: Eighteen month results from the NEural Cardiac TherApy foR Heart Failure (NECTAR-HF) trial; Background: The NECTAR-HF study evaluated safety and feasibility of vagal nerve stimulation (VNS) for the treatment of heart failure patients. The first six-month randomized phase of the study did not show improvement in left ventricular remodelling in response to VNS. This study reports the 18-month results and provides novel findings aiming to understand the lack of efficacy of VNS, including a new technique assessing the effects of VNS.
Efficacy of microbial cell preparation in improving chronic constipation: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background & aims: Probiotics is an emerging therapeutic agent which may alleviate the symptoms of constipation. We evaluated the effectiveness of microbial cell preparation (Hexbio (R)) containing fructooligosaccharide, Bifidobacterium and Lactobacillus in improving stool frequency and symptoms of chronic constipation.
Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance cyflufenamid; Cyflufenamid is a new active substance for which in accordance with Article 6 (2) of Council Directive 91/414/EEC2 the United Kingdom received an application from Nisso Chemical Europe GmbH for inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC. Complying with Article 6 of Directive 91/414/EEC, the completeness of the dossier was evaluated and confirmed by Commission Decision 2003/636/EC3.
Maternal Supplementary Tapioca Polysaccharide Iron Improves the Growth Performance of Piglets by Regulating the Active Components of Colostrum and Cord Blood; Simple Summary Nowadays, iron complexation of polysaccharides has recently become a popular topic in glycobiology research. A macromolecular polysaccharide known as polysaccharide-iron complex can affect blood pressure, blood sugar levels, immunity, blood circulation, and has the potential to improve and regulate active substances that exist in animal blood. In this study, an organic iron complex generated from tapioca starch and ferric chloride was utilized. This product is a self-developed, plant-derived, natural compound that has a wide variety of sources and is cost-effective. The results of this study demonstrate that maternal supplementary tapioca polysaccharide iron can improve their feed intake and reproductive performance, adjust the nutritional composition of colostrum, enhance the antioxidant and immunological performance of piglets, and stimulate hormone release in blood, leading to enhanced piglet production performance. Furthermore, this study reveals the correlation between the components of colostrum, cord blood, and piglet performance when sows are fed supplements with tapioca polysaccharide iron. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of maternal supplementation with TpFe (tapioca polysaccharide iron) on reproductive performance, colostrum composition, cord blood active components of sows, and growth performance of their nursing piglets. Sixty healthy Duroc x Landrace x Yorkshire sows were randomly assigned to three groups at day 85 of gestation. The experimental diets included a basal diet supplemented with 100 mg/kg FeSO4 & BULL;H2O (CON group), the basal diet supplemented with 50 mg/kg TpFe (TpFe50 group), and the basal diet supplemented with 100 mg/kg TpFe (TpFe100 group), as calculated by Fe content. The experiment lasted from day 85 of gestation to the end of weaning (day 21 of lactation). Results showed that maternal supplementation with 100 mg/kg TpFe improved (p < 0.05) feed intake during lactation, live births, and birth weight of the litter (alive) and increased (p < 0.05) colostrum IgM (immunoglobulin m), IgA (immunoglobulin A), as well as the IgG levels, while it decreased (p < 0.05) the urea nitrogen and somatic cell count of sows. Moreover, sows in the TpFe100 group had higher (p < 0.05) serum iron levels and IgG. Additionally, maternal supplementation with 100 mg/kg TpFe increased (p < 0.05) iron level, total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-px), catalase (CAT), IgG, red blood cells (RBC), and hemoglobin (Hb) of cord blood, similar with the iron content, T-AOC, GSH-px, IgG, RBC, Hb, hematocrit (HCT), and mean corpuscular volume (MCV) of weaned piglet blood. The diarrhea and mortality rates among the nursing piglets were decreased (p < 0.05), while the average weight at day 21 of age was increased (p < 0.05) in the TpFe100 group. Serum PRL (prolactin) levels of sows exhibited a positive correlation (p < 0.05) with live births. Suckling piglet diarrhea was positively correlated with colostrum urea nitrogen level but negatively correlated with colostrum IgM, IgG, and cord blood Hb content (p < 0.05). The mortality of suckling piglets was negatively correlated with serum iron content and IgM in colostrum, GSH-px, and IgG in cord serum of sows (p < 0.05). The average weight of weaning piglets was positively (p < 0.05) related to colostrum IgM and IgG levels, as well as cord serum RBC counts of sows on day 21.
Sexual Dysfunction and Aromatase Inhibitor Use in Survivors of Breast Cancer; Aromatase inhibitors (Als) are now an integral component in the management of postmenopausal adjuvant therapy for breast cancer in women with hormone receptor-positive disease; however, the Al-associated reduction in estrogen levels can increase vaginal/vulvar symptoms and adversely influence sexual function. Although non-hormone-containing local agents with demonstrated efficacy are available, optimal therapy for estrogen deprivation-associated vaginal/vulvar symptoms might require local or systemic estrogen use. However, the safety of systemic estrogen use in the breast cancer setting, especially for women on Als, has been challenged by recent randomized clinical trial evidence. In addition, maintenance of estrogen levels in the postmenopausal range cannot be assured with local estrogen use. Thus, for postmenopausal women with limiting vaginal/vulvar symptoms on adjuvant Als that are not manageable with non-hormone-containing agents, a switch to tamoxifen might be preferred rather than adding local or systemic estrogens to the Al regimen.
Validation and calibration of food-frequency questionnaire measurements in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease cohort; Objectives: To evaluate the reproducibility of, and to compare and calibrate, diet measures by the Northern Sweden 84-item food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with measures from 24-hour diet recalls (24-HDR).
Food-derived bioactive oligopeptide iron complexes ameliorate iron deficiency anemia and offspring development in pregnant rats; This study aimed to investigate anemia treatment and other potential effects of two food-derived bioactive oligopeptide iron complexes on pregnant rats with iron deficiency anemia (IDA) and their offspring. Rats with IDA were established with a low iron diet and then mated. There were one control group and seven randomly assigned groups of pregnant rats with IDA: Control group [Control, 40 ppm ferrous sulfate (FeSO4)]; IDA model group (ID, 4 ppm FeSO4), three high-iron groups (H-FeSO4, 400 ppm FeSO4; MCOP-Fe, 400 ppm marine fish oligopeptide iron complex; WCOP-Fe, 400 ppm whey protein oligopeptide iron complex) and three low-iron groups (L-FeSO4, 40 ppm FeSO4; MOP-Fe, 40 ppm marine fish oligopeptide iron complex; WOP-Fe, 40 ppm whey protein oligopeptide iron complex). Rats in each group were fed the corresponding special diet during pregnancy until the day of delivery. After different doses of iron supplement, serum hemoglobin, iron, and ferritin levels in rats with IDA were significantly increased to normal levels (P < 0.05). Serum iron levels were significantly lower in two food-derived bioactive oligopeptide low-iron complex groups than in the low FeSO4 group (P<0.05). Liver malondialdehyde levels were significantly increased in the three high-iron groups compared with the other five groups (P < 0.05), and hemosiderin deposition was observed in liver tissue, indicating that the iron dose was overloaded and aggravated the peroxidative damage in pregnant rats. Liver inflammation was reduced in the three low-iron groups. Tumor necrosis factor alpha secretion was significantly decreased in all groups with supplemented oligopeptide (P < 0.05), with the concentration of tumor necrosis factor alpha declining to normal levels in the two whey protein oligopeptide iron complex groups. In the marine fish oligopeptide iron complex groups, body length, tail length, and weight of offspring were significantly increased (P < 0.05) and reached normal levels. Therefore, food-derived bioactive oligopeptide (derived from marine fish skin and milk) iron complexes may be an effective type of iron supplement for pregnancy to improve anemia, as well as reduce the side effects of iron overload, and improve the growth and nutritional status of offspring.
Effects of high-dose isoflavones on metabolic and inflammatory markers in healthy postmenopausal women; Objective: After menopause, women experience changes in body composition, especially all increase in fat mass. In addition, advancing age, decreased physical activity, and increased inflammation may predispose them to develop type 2 diabetes. Isoflavones have been shown to improve metabolic parameters in postmenopausal women. However, the effect of isoflavones on adipokines/cytokines remains unclear. The Purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of high-dose isoflavones on inflammatory and metabolic markers in postmenopausal women.
Fermented Bamboo Fiber Improves Productive Performance by Regulating Gut Microbiota and Inhibiting Chronic Inflammation of Sows and Piglets during Late Gestation and Lactation; Sows exhibit metabolic syndrome and significant changes in intestinal microbiota during late gestation and lactation, affecting sow performance and piglet health. Dietary fiber (DF) is widely applied to improve sow performance by modulating gut microbiota and their by-products. Here, 60 sows were randomly allocated to groups, including CON (8% wheat bran), FBF-1 (1% fermented bamboo fiber), FBF-2 (2.5% fermented bamboo fiber), and FBF-3 (4% fermented bamboo fiber) from day 80 of gestation (G80d) to the end of lactation (L21d). Compared with CON, the FBF-3 diet decreased lactation backfat loss, increased average daily feed intake (ADFI) during lactation, and the weight gain of piglets, while supplementation of FBF increased fecal water content and reduced the rate of constipation in sows. Further, the yield and quality of milk of sows in FBF groups were improved. The FBF-3 diet significantly reduced markers of intestinal permeability (diamine oxidase and endotoxin) and systemic inflammation (interleukin-6 [IL-6] and tumor necrosis factor alpha) in sow serum during lactation, while it increased the anti-inflammatory marker (IL-10). Similarly, the piglets in the FBF-2 and FBF-3 groups had lower levels of IL-6 and higher levels of IgG, IgM, and insulin-like growth factor in serum. In addition, sows fed the 4% FBF diet had higher levels of acetate, propionate, butyrate, and total short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) in feces than CON, and total SCFAs were promoted in piglets from the FBF-3 group. Spearman correlation analysis showed that immunity, inflammation, and intestinal microbiota are closely related to sow performance, which can affect piglet growth. The potential mechanism could be that FBF promoted the enrichment of beneficial genera such as Lachnospira, Lachnospiracea_XPB1014_Group, and Roseburia and the production of SCFAs in the sow's intestine, and reduced the relative abundance of harmful bacteria such as Fusobacterium, Sutterellaceae, and Sutterella. Meanwhile, the intake of FBF by sows affected the gut microbial composition of their offspring piglets, significantly increasing the relative abundance of beneficial bacteria Alistipes and Lachnoclostridium and decreasing the relative abundance of pathogenic bacteria Trueperella among colonic microorganisms.
The effects of probiotic and synbiotic supplementation on inflammation, oxidative stress, and circulating adiponectin and leptin concentration in subjects with prediabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a GRADE-assessed systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression of randomized clinical trials; Purpose Probiotics or synbiotics consumption have been suggested to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a decline in inflammation and oxidative stress, however, the results from studies are conflicting. This study filled this knowledge gap by evaluating randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating probiotics or synbiotics intake on adipokines, inflammation, and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods We systematically did search up to March 2022 in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, ISI Web of Science, and Cochrane library. A random-effect model was applied to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each outcome. Results A total of 32 RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. This intervention led to a significant decrease in levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) (WMD - 0.62 mg/l; 95% CI - 0.80, - 0.44; p < 0.001), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) (WMD - 0.27 pg/ml; 95% CI - 0.44, - 0.10; p = 0.002) and malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD - 0.51 mu mol/l; 95% CI - 0.73, - 0.30; p < 0.001), and also a significant increase in levels of glutathione (GSH) (WMD 69.80 mu mol/l; 95% CI 33.65, 105.95; p < 0.001), total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD 73.59 mmol/l; 95% CI 33.24, 113.95; p < 0.001) and nitric oxide (NO) (WMD 7.49 mu mol/l; 95% CI 3.12, 11.86; p = 0.001), without significant alterations in interleukin-6 (IL-6) and adipokines levels. Conclusion A consumption of probiotics or synbiotics could be a useful intervention to improve cardiometabolic outcomes through a reduced inflammation and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes and T2DM.
Genetic analyses of stillbirth in relation to litter size using random regression models; Estimates of genetic parameters for number of stillborns (NSB) in relation to litter size (LS) were obtained with random regression models (RRM). Data were collected from 4 purebred Duroc nucleus farms between 2004 and 2008. Two data sets with 6,575 litters for the first parity (P1) and 6,259 litters for the second to fifth parity (P2-5) with a total of 8,217 and 5,066 animals in the pedigree were analyzed separately. Number of stillborns was studied as a trait on sow level. Fixed effects were contemporary groups (farm-year-season) and fixed cubic regression coefficients on LS with Legendre polynomials. Models for P2-5 included the fixed effect of parity. Random effects were additive genetic effects for both data sets with permanent environmental effects included for P2-5. Random effects modeled with Legendre polynomials (RRM-L), linear splines (RRM-S), and degree 0 B-splines (RRM-BS) with regressions on LS were used. For P1, the order of polynomial, the number of knots, and the number of intervals used for respective models were quadratic, 3, and 3, respectively. For P2-5, the same parameters were linear, 2, and 2, respectively. Heterogeneous residual variances were considered in the models. For P1, estimates of heritability were 12 to 15%, 5 to 6%, and 6 to 7% in LS 5, 9, and 13, respectively. For P2-5, estimates were 15 to 17%, 4 to 5%, and 4 to 6% in LS 6, 9, and 12, respectively. For P1, average estimates of genetic correlations between LS 5 to 9, 5 to 13, and 9 to 13 were 0.53, -0.29, and 0.65, respectively. For P2-5, same estimates averaged for RRM-L and RRM-S were 0.75, -0.21, and 0.50, respectively. For RRM-BS with 2 intervals, the correlation was 0.66 between LS 5 to 7 and 8 to 13. Parameters obtained by 3 RRM revealed the nonlinear relationship between additive genetic effect of NSB and the environmental deviation of LS. The negative correlations between the 2 extreme LS might possibly indicate different genetic bases on incidence of stillbirth.
The Impact of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder on Pharmacologic Intervention Outcomes for Adults With Bipolar Disorder: A Systematic Review; Background The prevalence of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) co-occurring in people with bipolar disorder (BD) is high. People with BD and PTSD may experience different outcomes and quality of life after pharmacologic treatment than those with BD alone. This review systematically explores the impact of PTSD on pharmacologic treatment outcomes for adults with BD. Methods We conducted a systematic search up to November 25, 2021, using MEDLINE Complete, Embase, American Psychological Association PsycInfo, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials to identify randomized and nonrandomized studies of pharmacologic interventions for adults with BD that assessed for comorbid PTSD. We used the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale and Cochrane Risk of Bias tool to assess the risk of bias. Results The search identified 5093 articles, and we reviewed 62 full-text articles. Two articles met inclusion criteria (N = 438). One article was an observational study, and the other was a randomized comparative effectiveness trial. The observational study examined lithium response rates and found higher response rates in BD alone compared with BD plus PTSD over 4 years. The randomized trial reported more severe symptoms in the BD plus PTSD group than in those with BD alone following 6 months of quetiapine treatment. There was no significant difference in the lithium treatment group at follow-up. Conclusions Comorbid PTSD may affect quetiapine and lithium treatment response in those with BD. Because of the high risk of bias and low quality of evidence, however, these results are preliminary. Specific studies exploring comorbid BD and PTSD are required to inform pharmacotherapy selection and guidelines appropriately. (International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews ID: CRD42020182540).
Evaluation of bovine lactoferrin as a topical therapy for chemotherapy-induced mucositis in the golden Syrian hamster; Bovine lactoferrin was applied topically to the oral mucosa of Syrian hamsters and assessed for its ability to decrease the severity of chemotherapy-induced oral mucositis. Results indicated that the chemotherapy agent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) administered to hamsters on days 0 and 2 produced severe leukopenia between days 4 and 7 of the trial, and that severity of oral mucositis coincided with the suppressed immune state in these animals. Bovine lactoferrin applied continuously to oral wounds in hamsters induced by a combination of chemotherapy treatment and mild abrasion of the cheek pouch, failed to decrease the severity of mouth ulcers relative to a group receiving BSA as a control protein source. Hamster cheek pouches treated twice daily with lactoferrin had a significantly worse condition score between days 6 and 8, and days 12 and 13 (p < 0.05 to p < 0.001), a higher ulcer score between days 6 and 15 (p < 0.05 to p < 0.001) and larger ulcer area between days 7 and 14 (p < 0.05 top < 0.001) compared to animals administered the control protein. Body weight changes between treatment and control groups showed no significant difference over the trial period. In contrast to the prestudy hypothesis, we report a detrimental effect from topical administration of bovine lactoferrin to the wounded oral mucosa of immunocompromised hamsters. (C) 1999 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Action of Akt Pathway on La-Induced Hippocampal Neuron Apoptosis of Rats in the Growth Stage; This study investigated the influences of lanthanum (La) exposure on learning and memory and the expression of apoptosis-related proteins in offspring rats. Wistar female rats were randomly divided into a control group (NC) and 0.25%, 0.5% and 1.0% LaCl3 treatment groups, with eight per group. La dye was transmitted to offspring rats through parental blood circulation and breast milk before delactation and through water drinking after delectation. Offspring rats were killed at 14, 28 and 42 days after birth. Hippocampal neurons were observed by microscope, and apoptosis and necrosis were tested. The expression levels of apoptosis-related proteins were detected by Western blot, and Morris water maze experiments were used to measure learning and memory abilities. LaCl3 groups showed longer escape latency periods and swimming distances than the NC group (p < 0.05). The 1.0% LaCl3 group passed across the target quadrants and platforms more times and stayed in the target quadrants for less time, than the NC group (p < 0.05). At 42 days, the apoptosis rate and necrosis in the hippocampus of the 1.0% LaCl3 group were significantly higher than those of other groups. There was a significant difference among LaCl3 groups in terms of protein expressions measured in the hippocampus. In LaCl3 groups, caspase-3 and caspase-9 were significantly higher than in the NC group (p < 0.05). Therefore, La exposure can promote neuronal apoptosis by regulating the protein expressions of Akt, Bcl-2, Bcl-xl, Bax, Bad, caspase-3 and caspase-9, thus damaging learning and memory and the hippocampal neurons of offspring rats.
The Malmo food study: The relative validity of a modified diet history method and an extensive food frequency questionnaire for measuring food intake; Objective: To assess the relative validity of two diet assessment methods, an extensive quantitative food frequency questionnaire (method A) and a novel shorter quantitative food frequency questionnaire with a 14 day food record (method B).
Changes in Diarrhea Score, Nutrient Digestibility, Zinc Utilization, Intestinal Immune Profiles, and Fecal Microbiome in Weaned Piglets by Different Forms of Zinc; Simple Summary
Analysis of national toxicology program rodent bioassay data for anticarcinogenic effects; We reanalyzed data from 218 two-year rodent carcinogenicity studies carried out by the National Toxicology Program (NTP). These data were originally collected for the purpose of identifying potential human carcinogens. However, the objective of our analysis was to investigate the frequency of possible anticarcinogenic effects in these data, since recurring cases of chemical-associated tumor reductions have been noted in the course of these studies over time. Our analysis reveals that most (> 90%) NTP-tested chemicals show at least one statistically significant (p < 0.05) decrease in site-specific tumor incidence. Because of the large number of statistical comparisons made in a long-term bioassay, random variability can account for many of these tumor decreases. However, we found that certain tumors (predominantly those with a high spontaneous incidence) show chemically related decreases far more frequently than chance expectation. Many of these decreases, particularly those for pituitary and mammary gland tumors, adrenal pheochromocytoma and uterine polyps in rats and liver and lung tumors in mice, are associated with the reduced body weights frequently observed in the dosed groups. The chemically related decreased incidences of leukemia in rats appear to be related to spleen damage, i.e., chemically related splenic toxicity is evident for most chemicals showing decreased incidences of leukemia. While random variability, associations with body weight and splenic toxicity can account for most of the decreased tumor incidences observed in NTP studies, there are other tumor decreases that could not be totally explained by these factors. Further investigations of possible mechanisms of action are underway. These data are relevant to the concept of chemoprevention as well as to the task of using long-term laboratory animal studies to predict enhanced human environmental-cancer risk for regulatory purposes.
Health Effects of Calcium: Evidence From Mendelian Randomization Studies; Calcium is widely used in conjunction with vitamin D to prevent osteoporosis. The use of calcium supplementation is also promoted for its potential benefits in lowering the risk for metabolic syndromes and cancers. However, the causal link between calcium and various health outcomes remains unclear. This review focuses on the evidence from 24 Mendelian randomization (MR) studies that were designed to minimize bias from confounding and reverse causation. These MR studies evaluated the effect of lifelong genetically higher serum calcium levels on various health outcomes. Overall, available MR studies found no conclusive effects of serum calcium levels on bone mineral density and fracture, ischemic stroke and heart failure, cancers, type 2 diabetes, Parkinson disease, or offspring birth weight. However, a higher serum calcium concentration was reported to have estimated causal effects on increased risks for coronary artery disease (especially myocardial infarction), migraine, renal colic, allergy/adverse effect of penicillin, and reduced risks for osteoarthrosis and osteoarthritis. In conclusion, supplementation of calcium in individuals from the general population is not predicted to influence the risk of most investigated diseases to date. Moreover, long-term high serum calcium concentrations may result in adverse health outcomes. (c) 2021 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Modulation of expression of estrus, steroidogenesis and embryo development following peri-artificial insemination nutrient restriction in beef heifers; Nutritional changes immediately after insemination cause increased embryonic mortality, but the mechanisms controlling this are not well known. Our objective was to evaluate the impact of nutritional change on estrus expression, steroid concentrations, peripheral and uterine luminal fluid metabolites, and embryo quality in beef heifers. Heifers (n = 139) were assigned to one of two pre-artificial insemination (AI) dietary treatments: LOW (& LE; 90% NEm) or HIGH (& GE; 139% NEm). Heifers were on treatment for 33-36 days before AI (d0) when half of the heifers in each treatment were randomly reassigned to generate four treatments; HIGH-HIGH, HIGH-LOW, LOW -HIGH, and LOW-LOW. Heifers remained on treatments until embryo collection (d 6-8). Negative energy balance was achieved among LOW heifers as demonstrated by body weight loss and increased NEFA concentrations (P < 0.05). Pre-AI treatment influenced expression of estrus (P = 0.05; HIGH 80.4 +/- 4.0% vs. LOW 69.4 +/- 4.2%). Estradiol concentrations and interval to estrus were not affected by treatment (P > 0.55); however, progesterone concentrations were reduced among LOW compared to HIGH (3.57 v 0.27, 4.64 +/- 0.26 ng/mL, respectively; P = 0.004), and heifers maintained on the HIGH pre-AI diet had consistently greater concentrations of progesterone from d 0 to d 8 (P = 0.014). Pre-AI treatment influenced embryo stage (P = 0.05; HIGH 3.61 +/- 0.32 vs. LOW 2.72 +/- 0.30). Post-AI treatment affected embryo grade (P = 0.02; HIGH 1.78 +/- 0.23 vs. LOW 2.64 +/- 0.27). In summary, pre-AI nutrient restriction caused decreased expression of estrus, reduced progesterone concentrations after AI, and negatively impacted embryo development, while post-AI restriction hindered embryo quality.
Does primary lactase deficiency reduce bone mineral density in postmenopausal women? A systematic review and meta-analysis; aSummaryPostmenopausal osteoporosis is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality. The role of primary lactase deficiency (PLD) in its development is not clear. This meta-analysis showed that PLD is a risk factor for osteoporosis in postmenopausal women. These women need special attention in terms of screening for osteoporosis and its prevention.IntroductionPostmenopausal osteoporosis is an important predictor of bone fractures. The purpose of the study was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of association of PLD and bone mineral density (BMD) in postmenopausal women.MethodsThe electronic databases PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science were searched over the course of July 2017 for any date of publication without language limitation. Studies were included in the meta-analysis if the diagnosis of PLD was made by genetic testing or H-2 breath tests and the diagnosis of osteoporosis was made by a modern reliable method for BMD measurement. Two investigators conducted a comprehensive, independent review of all the papers. Five of the studies initially identified met the inclusion criteria. We used MOOSE guidelines for abstracting data and assessing data quality and validity. Meta-analysis was performed using the random effects model.ResultsFive case-control studies with 2223 participants and 763 lactase-deficient cases fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Meta-analysis showed a significantly higher bone density Z-score in absorbers (mean difference 0.20, CI (0.14-0.27), P=0.000), with no significant heterogeneity among the studies. Moreover, the Z-score in the vast majority of the measured sites (femoral head, femoral neck, lumbar spine, radius, and Ward's triangle) was significantly higher in absorbers. There was no significant overall difference in BMD in g/cm(2) between absorbers and non-absorbers, but a significantly higher BMD using g/cm(2) was observed in absorbers in the total hip site.ConclusionsPostmenopausal women with PLD had lower Z-scores at most anatomic sites compared to healthy controls.
A Positive Diagnostic Strategy Is Noninferior to a Strategy of Exclusion for Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Guidelines recommend a positive strategy based on symptom criteria to diagnose patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). We conducted a randomized noninferiority trial to determine whether a positive diagnostic strategy is noninferior to a strategy of exclusion, with regard to patients' health-related quality of life (HRQOL).
Probiotic supplementation improves tolerance to <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> eradication therapy -: a placebo-controlled, double-blind randomized pilot study; Background: H. pylori is the major cause of chronic gastritis, and a risk factor for peptic ulcer and gastric cancer.
Effects of heat stress on antioxidant status and immune function and expression of related genes in lambs; The study was conducted to evaluate the effects of heat stress on antioxidant status, immune response, and related gene expression of lambs. Eighteen male lambs were randomly allocated into three treatment groups that were as follows: indoor temperature control group furnished with an air-conditioner (ITC), indoor temperature non-control group suffered intermittent and varying degrees of heat stress (ITNC), outdoor temperature non-control group in the external natural environment (OTNC). ITNC group presented a more severe and prolonged exposure to thermal stress than the other two groups. The trial lasted 28 days. Blood samples were collected on days 14 and 28 to analyze total superoxide dismutase (T-SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activities, malondialdehyde (MDA) concentrations, total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC), interleukin-1 (IL-1), interleukin-2 (IL-2), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), immunoglobulin A (IgA), immunoglobulin G (IgG), and immunoglobulin M (IgM) concentrations and gene expressions of SOD1, SOD2, GPx, CAT, nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), IL-1 beta, IL-2, and TNF-alpha. Results showed that on day 14 an elevated temperature reduced (p< 0.05) the level of GPx, T-SOD, T-AOC, and IgG, whereas significantly increased (p< 0.05) CAT, MDA, IgA, and TNF-alpha levels. Gene expressions of SOD1 and GPx were down-regulated (p< 0.05). On day 28, ITNC group significantly decreased (p< 0.05) CAT, GPx, T-SOD, T-AOC, IgG, and IL-2 levels and increased (p< 0.05) MDA, IL-1, and TNF-alpha levels, accompanying by the reducing or increasing (p< 0.05) of their relative gene expression apart from CAT and IL-1 beta gene (p> 0.10). In addition, in ITNC and OTNC groups, the level of CAT, T-SOD, T-AOC, IgG, IgM, and IL-2 and the expression of CAT, SOD2, and IL-2 reduced (p< 0.05), whereas IL-1 and TNF-alpha levels and IL-1 beta expression increased (p< 0.05) on day 28 compared with day 14. In ITC group, the level of IgA, IL-1, and TNF-alpha and the expression of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha increased (p< 0.05), while the content of IgG and IgM reduced (p< 0.05) on day 28 compared with day 14. These results indicated that heat stress negatively affected the antioxidant status and immune response of lambs, and the negative effects of heat stress are not only related to the stress duration but also associated with the stress severity.
Comprehensive Investigation on Associations between Dietary Intake and Blood Levels of Fatty Acids and Colorectal Cancer Risk; Background: Increasingly, studies have discovered that different fatty acids (Fas) are linked to colorectal cancer (CRC) risk. Methods: We systematically searched Embase and Medline databases to identify eligible studies that examined the associations of different types of Fas with CRC risk. The effect estimates and their 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were pooled using a random-effects model. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were performed to examine the robustness of the study findings. Results: This study evaluated the associations of 28 dietary and 18 blood Fas with CRC risk by summarizing the most updated evidence from 54 observational and four Mendelian Randomization (MR) studies. The present findings suggested that high dietary intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexanoic acid (DHA), and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) are related to low risk of CRC, while the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio and trans-FA are related to high risk of CRC. The summary of all cohort studies found that a high intake of SFA and DHA was a protective factor for CRC, and a high intake of the n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was a risk factor for CRC. In the subgroup analysis of cancer subsites, we found that the dietary intake of linoleic acid (LA) and trans-FA are risk factors, while DPA is a protective factor for colon cancer. High dietary DHA intake was associated with a lower risk of rectal cancer, while the dietary n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio was associated with a higher risk of rectal cancer. Meta-analysis of blood FA levels showed a significant reverse association between blood pentadecanoic acid and CRC risk, whilst other blood Fas showed no significant association with CRC risk. All included MR studies showed that high plasma arachidonic acid (AA) is associated with increased CRC risk. Conclusions: Current evidence on the dietary intake and blood levels of Fas in relation to CRC risk is less consistent. Future studies are needed to investigate how the metabolism of Fas contributes to CRC development.
Intestinal transit of an orally administered streptomycin-rifampicin-resistant variant of <i>Bifidobacterium</i> <i>longum</i> SBT2928:: its long-term survival and effect on the intestinal microflora and metabolism; Aims: The objectives of this study are to investigate the fate of a streptomycin-rifampicin-resistant variant of Bifidobacterium longum SBT2928 (BL2928SR) and the influence of its oral administration on the composition and metabolism of the intestinal microflora.
Photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis of the forehead and scalp: a randomized, controlled, phase II clinical study evaluating the noninferiority of a new protocol involving irradiation with a light-emitting, fabric-based device (the Flexitheralight protocol) compared with the conventional protocol involving irradiation with the Aktilite CL 128 lamp; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is an effective treatment for actinic keratosis (AK), particularly for patients with large areas of field cancerization. Among the approved protocols in Europe, the most widely used requires irradiation with the Aktilite CL 128 lamp. However, pain during irradiation and the suboptimal adaptability of the lamp relative to the treatment area are two limiting factors of this protocol. To overcome these limits, a new protocol (referred to as the Flexitheralight protocol) involving irradiation with a light-emitting, fabric-based device was developed. Objectives This paper aims to assess the noninferiority, in terms of PDT efficacy for treating AK, of the Flexitheralight protocol compared with the conventional protocol, which requires irradiation with the Aktilite CL 128 lamp. Methods A monocentric, randomized, controlled, phase II clinical study was performed. Twenty-five patients with grade I-II AKs of the forehead and scalp were treated with methyl aminolaevulinate PDT in two symmetrical areas. One area was treated with the conventional protocol (n = 154 AKs), whereas the other area was treated with the Flexitheralight protocol (n = 156 AKs). The primary end-point was the lesion complete response (CR) rate at 3 months (an absolute noninferiority margin of -10% was used). The secondary end-points included patient-reported pain at the end of the irradiation. Results At 3 months, the lesion CR rate with the Flexitheralight protocol was noninferior to that obtained with the conventional protocol (66 center dot 0% vs. 59 center dot 1%, respectively; absolute difference, 6 center dot 9%; 95% confidence interval -0 center dot 6% to 14 center dot 5%). Patient-reported pain was significantly lower with the Flexitheralight protocol than with the conventional protocol (mean +/- SD: 0 center dot 4 +/- 0 center dot 6 vs. 5 center dot 0 +/- 2 center dot 6; P < 0 center dot 0001). Conclusions The Flexitheralight protocol is noninferior in terms of efficacy and superior in terms of tolerability to the conventional protocol for treating AKs of the forehead and scalp.
Determination of DNA adducts of malonaldehyde in humans: Effects of dietary fatty acid composition; The effects of dietary fatty acid composition on the endogenous formation of DNA adducts of malonaldehyde (MA), the major product of lipid peroxidation, were investigated in humans, A group of 59 healthy individuals of both sexes and different ages was initially fed a milk fat-based diet rich in saturated fatty acids for 14 days, Following this initial period, after which the group was considered homogeneous with respect to diet, 30 randomly chosen subjects were given a sunflower oil-based (rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids) (SO) diet and the remaining 29 individuals a low erucic acid rapeseed oil-based (rich in monounsaturated fatty acids) (RO) diet for 25 days, The fatty acid composition of plasma lipid fractions and the level of DNA adducts of MA in total white blood cells were then determined at the end of the SO and RO dietary periods, DNA adduct levels were measured by P-32-post-labelling using reversed-phase HPLC with on-line detection of radioactivity, Higher concentrations of polyunsaturated fatty acids in plasma triglycerides and higher levels of DNA adducts of MA were found in the subjects on the SO diet when compared with those in the RO dietary group, A large inter-individual variation in adduct levels was observed, The average adduct level in the SO diet group was 7.4 +/- 8.7 adducts/10(7) nucleotides (n = 23), This level was 3.6-fold higher than that found in individuals in the RO diet group (P < 0.001), Our results, in conjunction with the mutagenic and carcinogenic properties of MA, thus suggest the interaction of lipid peroxidation products such as MA with DNA as one pausible mechanism explaining the involvement of dietary fat in carcinogenesis.
The impact of cosmetic breast implants on breastfeeding: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Cosmetic breast augmentation (breast implants) is one of the most common plastic surgery procedures worldwide and uptake in high income countries has increased in the last two decades. Women need information about all associated outcomes in order to make an informed decision regarding whether to undergo cosmetic breast surgery. We conducted a systematic review to assess breastfeeding outcomes among women with breast implants compared to women without.
The effect of methimazole-induced postnatal hypothyroidism on the retinal maturation and on the Sirtuin 2 level; Purpose: To investigate the effect of methimazole-induced postnatal hypothyroidism on the retinal maturation and to study Sirtuin 2 (SIRT2) level in the hypothyroidic rat retina.Methods: Twenty newborn Wistar albino rat pups were used in this prospective, randomized study. Wistar albino rats, weight 250-300g, were impregnated (without addition of any drug) and were fed normally. Rat pups were randomly divided into two groups and were fed with breast milk. After weaning till they were 90 days of age, rat pups received the same water as their lactating mothers drank. Group 1 (methimazole (MMI)-induced hypothyroidy group), rats were given MMI-water, whereas, in Group 2, normal tap water. When the pups were 90 days of age, 20 rat pups were decapitated and the eyes were isolated. Eyes were investigated using histological, histomorphometric and immunohistochemistrical techniques.Results: No histological difference was seen between the groups stained with hematoxylin and eosin. In both groups the retinal layer structures and cells were observed as normal. The examples in the groups had a normal distribution for retinal thickness (pixel) measure. The mean value (meanstd. deviation) was 554.7 +/- 228.4 in the control group and 494.7 +/- 129.4 in the hypothyroidy group. There was no significance between the groups in terms of retinal thickness (p=0.231). However, immunohistochemistry revealed that SIRT2 was weaker stained in the ganglion cell layer and visual cell layer in the hypothyroidy group compared to the control group.Conclusion: Postnatal hypothyroidism altered the retinal cytoarchitecture and layering which are regulated by thyroid hormones (THs) during retinal maturation in the postnatal period. THs may act by the induction of the SIRT family proteins or through their receptors. Postnatal screenings for THs levels are very important to provide normal retinal development.
A REVIEW OF METHODS USED TO ADJUST FOR CLUSTER EFFECTS IN EXPLANATORY EPIDEMIOLOGIC STUDIES OF ANIMAL POPULATIONS; This paper reviews explanatory studies in the veterinary epidemiology literature, in which clusters (herds) were sampled and individual responses were measured. The studies were taken from the first ten volumes of Preventive Veterinary Medicine. The objectives of the review were: (1) to describe the statistical methods used to adjust for cluster effects; (2) to provide estimates of intracluster correlations for various health and production outcomes; and (3) for studies ignoring cluster effects, to estimate the proportion of significant inferences that would be rejected if cluster effects were included.
Evidence-Based Management of Pain After Excisional Haemorrhoidectomy Surgery: A PROSPECT Review Update; The aim of this systematic review was to update previous PROSPECT (http://www.postoppain.org) review recommendations for the management of pain after excisional haemorrhoidectomy.
Probiotic <i>Weisella paramesenteroides</i> on enteropathogenic <i>E. coli</i>-induced diarrhea; Background Enteropathogenic Escherichia coli (EPEC) is a causative agent of intestinal inflammation and microfloral imbalance, leading to diarrhea. The presence of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the feces is an indicator of inflammation in the intestinal mucosa. Dadih, (local made of fermented buffalo milk), contains probiotics and is widely consumed by the people in West Sumatera, Indonesia. Weisella paramesenteroides, a probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB), has been isolated from dadih and is believed to be useful for improving intestinal microflora balance and inhibiting the activity of harmful microbes.
Diabetes and social deprivation; Background: Diabetes prevalence is frequently associated with low socioeconomic status (SES), but little is known about the relationship between SES and diabetes control, follow-up and quality of if. We evaluated SES by using the EPICES score, an individual index of deprivation (Evaluation de la Precarite et des Inegalites de Sante dans les Centres d'Examen de Sante; Evaluation of Precariousness and Inequalities in Health Examination Centers). A total of 1686 subjects aged from 25 to 85 years were selected at random in Montpellier and 154 in Narbonne, of whom 126 were managed by a care network including diabetologists; general practitioners and nurses. Capillary glycemia, the body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), and blood pressure were measured in all the subjects. HbA1c was measured in subjects with above-normal glycemia. Five hundred sixty-four subjects from the study population (190 diabetic patients, 292 subjects with non diabetic hyperglycemia, and 86 euglycemic subjects) were clinically evaluated and asked to complete a questionnaire covering socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived subjects. One hundred sixty-one diabetic patients had a clinical examination and completed a detailed questionnaire including their history, therapy, control and follow-up of diabetes, perception of diabetes, quality of life, socioeconomic status and diet. The data were then compared between deprived and non deprived patients. One hundred twenty-six diabetic subjects managed by the AUDIAB care network were compared with 163 diabetics recruited in Montpellier, based on the same investigations and the same questionnaires. The data were compared between the overall patients and between deprived and non deprived patients. In the overall population, deprived subjects were younger and more frequently smokers, and had higher BMI than non deprived subjects. The overall prevalence of type 2 diabetes was 8.1 %. Among patients younger than 65 years, deprived subjects had a higher prevalence of diabetes and non diabetic hyperglycemia than non deprived subjects (6.9 % vs 4.4 % and 22.8 % vs 19.5 %). More are unmarried males and 33 % present with a significant level of education (secondary or university). Deprivation was associated with transport difficulties, vehicle acquisition, living in a private house, employment. More have few income to buy food and a large number use economic stores. They eat few proteins; fresh vegetables, fruits, dairy products and more often rice, pasta, tea, coffee and soft drinks. Most have their meals outside in economic restaurants. Dental problems are very common. 161 diabetic patients were evaluated. Deprived diabetics were younger, more frequently males, more smokers with an increased BMI and WC. Among deprived diabetic patients, diabetes was diagnosed later on and less often by a systematic inquiry than in the non deprived group. Deprived patients presented with a poorer glycaemic control, more hypoglycaemic and ketosis events than non deprived subjects. They present with more difficulties to accept dietary and antidiabetic drugs. Insulin was less frequently used. Quality of life was impaired with an increased prevalence of anxiety and depression. Diabetic patients treated in the "Reseau de soins AUDIAB" presented with a better control of their disease and a better quality of life than patients treated out of the "Reseau". These data were confirmed whatever the level of deprivation.
The bioavailability of vitamin D from fortified cheeses and supplements is equivalent in adults; There is a need to increase the options for vitamin D fortification. We have developed a method to fortify hard cheese with vitamin D. Our aim was to characterize the bioavailability of vitamin D from fortified cheeses. Eighty adults were randomized to weekly servings of fortified cheddar cheese (DC) (34 g; n = 20); fortified low-fat cheese (DLF) (41 g; n= 10); liquid vitamin D supplement (1 mL), taken with food (DS+) (n = 20) or without food (DS-) (n = 10); placebo cheddar cheese (n = 10); or placebo supplement (n = 10). The treatments contained 28,000 IU cholecalciferol (vitamin D3), equivalent to 4000 IU (100 mu g/d). The primary outcome was the comparison of vitamin D bioavailability, as measured by the serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] response, between fortified cheeses and supplement. In the placebo groups, initial 25(OH)D, 55.0 +/- 25.3 nmol/L, declined over the 8-wk winter protocol, to 50.7 +/- 24.2 nmol/L (P = 0.046). In the vitamin D-treated groups, the mean increases in 25(OH)D over 8 wk were: 65.3 +/- 24.1 (DC), 69.4 +/- 21.7 (DLF), 59.3 +/- 23.3 (DS+), and 59.3 +/- 19.6 nmol/L (DS-); these changes differed from the placebo groups (P < 0.0001) but not from one another (P= 0.62). Compared with baseline, serum parathyroid hormone decreased with both fortification (P= 0.003) and supplementation (P = 0.012). These data demonstrate that vitamin D is equally bioavailable from fortified hard cheeses and supplements, making cheese suitable for vitamin D fortification.
Epidemiology of <i>Mycoplasma bovis</i> in Pennsylvania veal calves; The objective of the study was to estimate the prevalence and incidence of Mycoplasma bovis, a common cause of pneumonia, in veal calves. Using simple random sampling, 252 calves from 4 veal herds located in central Pennsylvania were selected and longitudinally followed for monthly collection of nasal swabs. Bronchial swabs and lung lesions were collected at the slaughterhouse. Nasal, bronchial, and lung lesion swabs were cultured for bacterial respiratory pathogens. Ninety lung lesions were identified, of which 41.1, 1.1, 1.1, 7.8, and 4.4% were culture positive for M. bovis alone, Pasteurella multocida alone, Mannheimia haemolytica alone, M. bovis and P. multocida co-infection, and M. bovis and M. haemolytica co-infection, respectively. The data indicate that potential interventions, such as therapeutics, vaccines, or management control measures, would be most effective before 50 d of age based upon the cumulative incidence of colonization.
Inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt in spontaneously hypertensive rat hearts; Cardiovascular hypertrophy is a common feature of hypertension and an important risk factor for heart damage. The regression of cardiovascular hypertrophy is currently considered an important therapeutic target in reducing the omplications of hypertension. The aim of this study was to investigate the inhibition of cardiac hypertrophy by probiotic-fermented purple sweet potato yogurt (PSPY) with high gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) content in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) hearts. Six-week-old male SHRs were separated randomly and equally into 4 experimental groups: sterile water, captopril and 2 PSPY groups with different doses (10 and 100%) for 8 weeks. The changes in myocardial architecture and key molecules of the hypertrophy-related pathway in the excised left ventricle from these rats were determined by histopathological analysis, hematoxylin and eosin staining and western blot analysis. Abnormal myocardial architecture and enlarged interstitial spaces observed in the SHRs were significantly decreased in the captopril and PSPY groups compared with the sterile water group. Moreover, the increases in atrial natriuretic peptide. B-type natriuretic peptide, phosphorilated protein kinase C alpha and calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II levels in the left ventricle were accompanied by hypertension and increases in phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 activities with enhanced cardiac hypertrophy. However, the protein levels of the hypertrophic-related pathways were completely reversed by the administration of PSPY. PSPY may repress the activation of ANP and BNP which subsequently inhibit the dephosphorylation of the nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 3 and ultimately prevent the progression of cardiac hypertrophy.
Grape Seed Extract as a Feed Additive Improves the Growth Performance, Ruminal Fermentation and Immunity of Weaned Beef Calves; The purpose of this research was to evaluate effects of grape seed extract (Gse) supplementation on the growth performance; ruminal fermentation; nutrient digestibility; and serum biochemical, antioxidative, and immune parameters of weaned beef calves. A total of 30 Simmental crossbred male calves with similar age and body weight were randomly allocated to two groups: a control group with no Gse (CON) and a Gse supplementation group (GSE) (4 g/d Gse per animal). The results show that, compared with the CON group, the average daily gain significantly increased (p = 0.043) in the GSE group. The ruminal contents of microbial protein and butyrate in GSE group were higher (p < 0.05) than those in the CON group. Additionally, calves fed Gse displayed increased (p < 0.05) dry matter and neutral detergent fiber digestibility. Moreover, the serum concentrations of triglyceride, catalase, superoxide dismutase, immunoglobulin G and immunoglobulin M were higher (p < 0.05) in the GSE group than those in the CON group. However, opposite tendencies of non-esterified fatty acid, malondialdehyde, tumor necrosis factor-a and interleukin-6 were found between the two groups. Overall, the supplementation of Gse can improve ruminal fermentation, nutrient digestibility, antioxidant ability, and immunity, as well as promoting the healthy growth of weaned cross-breed beef calves.
Vitamin A affects the expression of antioxidant genes in bovine mammary epithelial cells with oxidative stress induced by diethylene triamine-nitric oxide polymer; The considerable increase in oxygen requirements due to the high metabolic rate of the bovine mammary epithelial cells (BMEC) during lactation results in an augmented production of reactive nitrogen species (RNS), such as nitric oxide (NO), which may expose cows to increased oxidative stress. Vitamin A (VA) has been shown in several studies to enhance the antioxidant defence system against oxidative stress, but whether the reason is related to a reduced NO production remains unclear. Diethylene triamine-nitric oxide polymer (NOp) is a type of NO-generating compound, which is safe, efficacious, and releases NO over a long period. The current study was conducted to investigate the effect of VA on the antioxidant function in BMEC and the underlying mechanism by discussing the protection of VA on NO-induced oxidative stress of BMEC. The experiment was conducted using a single-factor completely randomized arrangement. Primary BMEC were isolated from the mammary glands of Holstein dairy cows. The third generation cells were randomly divided into four equal groups with six replicates each. Each group received different combinations of VA and NOp treatment as follows: controls (without VA and NOp), NOp treatment alone, VA treatment alone, and VA and NOp treatment together. The lysates were collected to evaluate the activities of glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and thioredoxin reductase (TrxR) and the contents of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA), and the cell-free supernatants were collected to analyze selenoprotein P (SelP) content, inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) activities and nitric oxide (NO), interleukin-1 (IL-1), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) contents. The results suggested that compared to the control, the cell proliferation, the activity of the antioxidants GPx and TrxR, the content of SelP and the antioxidant gene expressions of GPx1, GPx4, and TrxR1 were significantly decreased (P < 0.05), and the contents of ROS and MDA, the activity of iNOS, the contents of NO and IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha, and their mRNA expressions were increased dramatically in the NOp treatment alone group (P < 0.05), but the opposite changes were observed in the VA treatment alone group. Compared to the NOp treatment alone, the VA and NOp treatment together significantly improved cell proliferation, the activities of the antioxidants GPx and TrxR, and the gene expressions of GPx1 and TrxR1, and dramatically decreased the contents of ROS and MDA, the activity of iNOS, the contents of NO and IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha and their mRNA expression levels (P < 0.05). The present research suggests that VA can improve the antioxidant function of BMEC and protect the cells from experiencing the NOp-induced oxidative stress by regulating antioxidant gene expression. The probable mechanism is that VA can reduce the activity of iNOS and its mRNA expression by down-regulating of the expression of IL-1, IL-6, and TNF-alpha to reduce NO production. However, the exact mechanism warrants future exploration.
Growth of Holstein calves from birth to 90 days: The influence of dietary zinc and BLAD status; The main objective of this study was to describe Holstein neonatal growth and development as influenced by dietary zinc supplementation and the CD18 genotype, both of which may affect immune competence. Holstein calves (n = 421), after being fed colostrum, were brought to a calf facility, randomly assigned to one of four zinc supplementation groups (control at 40 mg Zn/kg DM or the control diet supplemented with an additional 60 mg Zn/kg DM provided as either zinc sulfate, zinc lysine, or zinc methionine), weighed, and measured for morphometric growth parameters. Measurements were repeated at 30, 60, and 90 d. Calves were also genotyped for the presence of the mutant D128G CD18 allele, which, if present in two copies, causes bovine leukocyte adhesion deficiency. Zinc supplementation above 40 mg Zn/kg DM, regardless of the chemical form, did not accelerate growth (P > 0.25). Further, overall calf growth performance was not suppressed or improved (P > 0.4) in calves heterozygous at the CD18 locus relative to calves homozygous for the normal CD18 allele, although genotype negatively affected some morphometric measurements (P < 0.05). Using these data, quadratic models of early growth were generated as a preliminary step to develop growth criteria that will allow producers, veterinarians, and animal scientists to identify poor growth performance early in neonatal life. Such criteria provide the basis for tools to improve economic performance.
Intake of vitamin B12 in relation to vitamin B12 status in groups susceptible to deficiency: a systematic review; Objective: To systematically review the evidence for whether habitual or different levels of experimental intake of vitamin B12 from diet and supplements is sufficient to ensure adequate B12 status in groups most susceptible to vitamin B12 deficiency.Methods: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Scopus up to 21 May 2021, for intervention studies, prospective cohort studies and case-control studies assessing B12 intake from diet and/or supplements in relation to B12 status (s/p-B12, holotranscobalamin, methylmalonic acid, homocysteine or breastmilk B12). Cross-sectional studies were eligible for studies conducted during pregnancy and lactation. Included populations were children (0-18 years), young adults (18-35 years), pregnant or lactating women, older adults (& GE;65 years) and vegans or vegetarians. Study selection, data extraction and risk of bias assessment were conducted by two assessors independently. The evidence was synthesized qualitatively and classified according to the World Cancer Research Fund.Results: The searches yielded 4855 articles of which 89 were assessed in full text and 18 included. Three studies were conducted during pregnancy and three during lactation or infancy - all observational. Eight studies were conducted among older adults; most were interventions among B12-deficient participants. Four studies were eligible for vegetarian and vegans, all interventions. The strength of evidence that habitual B12 intake or an intake in line with the current Nordic recommended intake (RI) is sufficient to ensure adequate status was considered Limited - no conclusion for all included populations.Conclusion: Evidence is insufficient to assess if or which level of B12 intake is sufficient to maintain adequate status for all included populations. Population-based cohort studies and low-to-moderate dose interventions that address this question are highly warranted.
Mediterranean diet and stroke:: Objectives and design of the SUN project; Purpose: The Mediterranean diet has been postulated as a protective factor against different diseases including stroke. Thus, an epidemiological study in a Mediterranean country, such as Spain, focused on diet may offer new insights of the potential benefits of this nutritional pattern to prevent the onset of cerebrovascular diseases.
Effects of mineral methionine hydroxy analog chelate in sow diets on epigenetic modification and growth of progeny; The study was conducted to determine the effects of mineral methionine hydroxy analog chelate (MMHAC) partially replacing inorganic trace minerals in sow diets on epigenetic and transcriptional changes in the muscle and jejunum of progeny. The MMHAC is zinc (Zn), manganese (Mn), and copper (Cu) chelated with methionine hydroxy analog (Zn-, Mn-, and Cu-methionine hydroxy analog chelate [MHAC]. On day 35 of gestation, 60 pregnant sows were allotted to two dietary treatments in a randomized completed block design using parity as a block: 1) ITM: inorganic trace minerals with zinc sulfate (ZnSO4), manganese oxide (MnO), and copper sulfate (CuSO4) and 2) CTM: 50% of ITM was replaced with MMHAC (MINTREX trace minerals, Novus International Inc., St Charles, MO). Gestation and lactation diets were formulated to meet or exceed NRC requirements. On days 1 and 18 of lactation, milk samples from 16 sows per treatment were collected to measure immunoglobulins (immunoglobulin G, immunoglobulin A, and immunoglobulin M) and micromineral concentrations. Two pigs per litter were selected to collect blood to measure the concentration of immunoglobulins in the serum, and then euthanized to collect jejunal mucosa, jejunum tissues, and longissimus muscle to measure global deoxyribonucleic acid methylation, histone acetylation, cytokines, and jejunal histomorphology at birth and day 18 of lactation. Data were analyzed using Proc MIXED of SAS. Supplementation of MMHAC tended to decrease (P = 0.059) body weight (BW) loss of sows during lactation and tended to increase (P = 0.098) piglet BW on day 18 of lactation. Supplementation of MMHAC increased (P < 0.05) global histone acetylation and tended to decrease myogenic regulatory factor 4 messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA; P = 0.068) and delta 4-desaturase sphingolipidl (DEGS1) mRNA (P = 0.086) in longissimus muscle of piglets at birth. Supplementation of MMHAC decreased (P < 0.05) nuclear factor kappa B mRNA in the jejunum and DEGS1 mRNA in longissimus muscle and tended to decrease mucin-2 (MUC2) mRNA (P = 0.057) and transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1) mRNA (P = 0.057) in the jejunum of piglets on day 18 of lactation. There were, however, no changes in the amounts of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-8, TGF-beta, MUC2, and myogenic factor 6 in the tissues by MMHAC. In conclusion, maternal supplementation of MMHAC could contribute to histone acetylation and programming in the fetus, which potentially regulates intestinal health and skeletal muscle development of piglets at birth and weaning, possibly leading to enhanced growth of their piglets.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D in Canadian adults: biological, environmental, and behavioral correlates; We assessed vitamin D status and its correlates in the population-based Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study (CaMos). Results showed that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels < 75 nmol/L were common. Given Canada's high latitude, attention should be given to strategies for enhancing vitamin D status in the population.
Fortified whey beverage for improving muscle mass in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a single-blind, randomized clinical trial; Background: The development of effective nutritional supports for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (COPD) is still challenging. This study was conducted to investigate the efficacy of daily consumption of fortified whey on inflammation, muscle mass, functionality, and quality of life in patients with moderate-to-severe COPD.
Dietary plant stanol ester consumption improves immune function in asthma patients: results of a randomized, double-blind clinical trial; Background: In vitro and ex vivo studies have suggested that plant sterols and stanols can shift the T helper (Th) 1/Th2 balance toward a Thl-type immune response, which may be beneficial in Th2-dominant conditions such as asthma and allergies.
Perioperative supplementation with bifidobacteria improves postoperative nutritional recovery, inflammatory response, and fecal microbiota in patients undergoing colorectal surgery: a prospective, randomized clinical trial; The use of probiotics has been widely documented to benefit human health, but their clinical value in surgical patients remains unclear. The present study investigated the effect of perioperative oral administration of probiotic bifidobacteria to patients undergoing colorectal surgery. Sixty patients undergoing colorectal resection were randomized to two groups prior to resection. One group (n=31) received a probiotic supplement, Bifidobacterium longum BB536, preoperatively for 7-14 days and postoperatively for 14 days, while the other group (n=29) received no intervention as a control. The occurrences of postoperative infectious complications were recorded. Blood and fecal samples were collected before and after surgery. No significant difference was found in the incidence of postoperative infectious complications and duration of hospital stay between the two groups. In comparison to the control group, the probiotic group tended to have higher postoperative levels of erythrocytes, hemoglobin, lymphocytes, total protein, and albumin and lower levels of high sensitive C-reactive proteins. Postoperatively, the proportions of fecal bacteria changed significantly; Actinobacteria increased in the probiotic group, Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria increased in the control group, and Firmicutes decreased in both groups. Significant correlations were found between the proportions of fecal bacteria and blood parameters; Actinobacteria correlated negatively with blood inflammatory parameters, while Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria correlated positively with blood inflammatory parameters. In the subgroup of patients who received preoperative chemoradiotherapy treatment, the duration of hospital stay was significantly shortened upon probiotic intervention. These results suggest that perioperative oral administration of bifidobacteria may contribute to a balanced intestinal microbiota and attenuated postoperative inflammatory responses, which may subsequently promote a healthy recovery after colorectal resection.
Transcriptomics and metabolomics analysis reveal the anti-oxidation and immune boosting effects of mulberry leaves in growing mutton sheep; IntroductionCurrently, the anti-oxidation of active ingredients in mulberry leaves (MLs) and their forage utilization is receiving increasing attention. Here, we propose that MLs supplementation improves oxidative resistance and immunity. MethodsWe conducted a trial including three groups of growing mutton sheep, each receiving fermented mulberry leaves (FMLs) feeding, dried mulberry leaves (DMLs) feeding or normal control feeding without MLs. ResultsTranscriptomic and metabolomic analyses revealed that promoting anti-oxidation and enhancing disease resistance of MLs is attributed to improved tryptophan metabolic pathways and reduced peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Furthermore, immunity was markedly increased after FMLs treatment by regulating glycolysis and mannose-6-phosphate pathways. Additionally, there was better average daily gain in the MLs treatment groups. ConclusionThese findings provide new insights for understanding the beneficial effects of MLs in animal husbandry and provide a theoretical support for extensive application of MLs in improving nutrition and health care values.
Serious Infections in Rheumatoid Arthritis Offspring Exposed to Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors A Cohort Study; Objective. To evaluate the risk of serious infections in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) offspring exposed to tumor necrosis factor inhibitors (TNFi) in the gestational period compared to unexposed RA offspring, as well as to children from the general population.
What are the factors associated with pregnancy loss after timed-artificial insemination in <i>Bos indicus</i> cattle?; Pregnancy loss (PL) has important impacts on the profitability of livestock production systems, although it is not widely reported, particularly in Bos indicus cattle. The present study retrospectively evaluated PL after timed-artificial insemination (TAI) in Bos indicus (Nelore) beef cows corresponding to several factors, such as parity, body condition score (BCS), presence of corpus luteum (CL) at the beginning of TAI protocols, expression of estrus, and hormonal manipulations during the TAI protocol. Data from two experiments performed during three breeding seasons (BS) were reanalyzed. Both experiments evaluated adding GnRH treatment at TAI in a 7-d estradiol (E2) plus progesterone (P4)-based protocol, with intravaginal P4 implant removal on Day 7 combined with treatment with 0.5 or 1.0 mg E2 cypionate and 300 Ill eCG, and TAI on Day 9. In addition, during BS 2 and 3 (Exp 2), cows were randomized to receive or not a PGF treatment on Day 0 (beginning of the TAI protocol). In all BS, presence of CL and BCS were evaluated at the beginning of TAI protocols, follicle size and expression of estrus were evaluated at TAI. The PL was assessed between the first pregnancy diagnosis (similar to 35d) and parturition. There were no effects of hormonal manipulations within TAI protocols of different BS on PL. There was no interaction between GnRH treatment at TAI and the other variables within BS, and there was no main effect of GnRH treatment on PL (without = 10.1% [102/1007] vs. with = 10.4% [114/1100]). The addition of PGF on Day 0 had no effect on PL (11.5% [102/886] vs. 10.5% [89/850]), as well as EC dose to induce final ovulation (10.8% [89/827] vs. 11.2% [102/909] for 0.5 and 1.0 mg, respectively). Primiparous had greater PL than multiparous cows (14.0% [77/550] vs. 8.9% [139/1557]), and cows not expressing estrus near TAI had greater PL than those expressing estrus (13.5% [57/422] vs. 9.7% [156/1617]). There was no interaction between follicle size at TAI and GnRH treatment on PL. However, probability of PL decreased linearly as follicle size at TAI increased. There were no effects of service number (first TAI or resynchronization), BCS, or presence of CL on DO on PL. In addition, PL was not affected by sire within any of the BS. In conclusion, some factors that are known to impact pregnancy per AI also influenced PL, such as parity and expression of estrus, although, other aspects such as BCS, number of services, and presence of CL on DO did not affect PL. Moreover, commonly implemented treatments to increase fertility (e.g., PGF on Day 0 and increasing EC dose to 1.0 mg) did not affect PL. Finally, the GnRH treatment at TAI had no effect on PL and did not interact with any of the variables, an important result, since GnRH at TAI also increases fertility in Bos indicus beef cows. (C) 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D intake as well as circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and risk for the incidence and recurrence of colorectal cancer precursors: A meta-analysis; ObjectiveVitamin D consumption and circulating 25(OH)D level are associated with decreased risk of colorectal cancer (CRC) and colorectal adenoma (CRA), but few studies have assessed their relationship with the incidence and recurrence of CRC precursors. Therefore, we performed this meta-analysis to further evaluate the association. MethodsWe searched PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus and Embase databases in English until August 2021. Studies evaluating the association of vitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level with risk of CRC precursors were included. A random-effects model was used to pool the risk estimates. ResultsA total of 48 studies were selected for inclusion. The CRC precursors incidence was negatively correlated with total vitamin D intake (RR = 0.84 95%CI: 0.80-0.88) and circulating 25(OH)D level (RR = 0.79 95%CI: 0.67-0.92). However, vitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level did not show significant effects on the risk of CRC precursors recurrence. For dose-response analysis, evidence of a linear association was found between CRC precursors incidence and circulating 25(OH)D level, and the risk decreased by 14% per 10 ng/ml increment of circulating 25(OH)D level (RR = 0.86 95% CI: 0.75-0.99). ConclusionVitamin D intake and circulating 25(OH)D level can play an effective role in reducing the risk of incidence of CRC precursors. However, they have not prevented the recurrence of CRC precursors.
Nattokinase decreases plasma levels of fibrinogen, factor VII, and factor VIII in human subjects; Nattokinase, a serine proteinase from Bacillus subtilis, is considered to be one of the most active functional ingredients found in natto. In this study, we hypothesized that nattokinase could reduce certain factors of blood clotting and lipids that are associated with an increase risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Thus, an open-label, self-controlled clinical trial was conducted on subjects of the following groups: healthy volunteers (Healthy Group), patients with cardiovascular risk factors (Cardiovascular Group), and patients undergoing dialysis (Dialysis Group). All subjects ingested 2 capsules of nattokinase (2000 fibrinolysis units per capsule) daily orally for 2 months. The laboratory measurements were performed on the screening visit and, subsequently, regularly after the initiation of the study. The intent-to-treat analysis was performed on all 45 enrolled subjects. By use of mixed model analysis, a significant time effect, but not group effect, was observed in the change from baseline of fibrinogen (P = .003), factor VII (P < .001), and factor VIII (P < .001), suggesting that the plasma levels of the 3 coagulation factors continuously declined during intake; also, the extents of decrease were similar between groups. After 2 months of administration, fibrinogen, factor VII, and factor VIII decreased 9%, 14%, and 17%, respectively, for the Healthy Group; 7%, 13%, and 19%, respectively, for the Cardiovascular Group; and 10%, 7%, and 19%, respectively, for the Dialysis Group, whereas blood lipids were unaffected by nattokinase. No significant changes of uric acid or notable adverse events were observed in any of the subjects. In summary, this study showed that oral administration of nattokinase could be considered as a CVD nutraceutical by decreasing plasma levels of fibrinogen, factor VII, and factor VII. (c) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Distal Flap Heparinisation Versus Systemic Bolus of Low Molecular Weight Heparin for the Prevention of Vascular Congestion in Microvascular Free Flaps: A Randomised Clinical Trial; AimThe aim of the study is to compare the efficacy of distal flap heparinisation and intravenous bolus of low molecular weight heparin for the prevention of vascular congestion in microvascular free flaps.IntroductionMicrovascular free flap surgeries are prone to various complications that can lead to flap failure. Among the various complications, thrombus formation is one of the most common complications leading to flap failure. Various methods can be used to prevent vascular congestion which include preoperative multiagent regimen, intraoperative distal heparinisation, systemic heparin bolus and postoperative use of drugs such as aspirin, dextran, low molecular weight heparin, etc. In this study, we compare three groups, i.e. systemic bolus of heparin, distal heparinisation and local irrigation using heparinised saline.Materials and MethodsThe present study included 30 patients who underwent free flap surgeries which were divided into three groups of 10 each. Group 1 included patients who underwent free flap surgery and were given intravenous bolus of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), Group 2 included patients who underwent free flap surgery without intravenous bolus of LMWH but distal flap heparinisation was done where heparin was injected in the harvested artery and Group 3 included patients who underwent free flap surgery with only local irrigation of heparinised saline during microvascular anastomosis.ResultsIt was found that the percentage of patients who tested positive was 10% and 20% for intraoperative and postoperative for Group 1 which is the highest while Group 2 has no patients who tested positive for the formation of thrombus. Group 3-only local irrigation has only 20% positive in the postoperative tests while no positive milking or expansile test intraoperatively, we can observe that distal heparinisation is the best method as it has literally no patients with both intra- and postoperative formations of vascular congestion when compared to systemic administration of heparin and local irrigation using heparinised saline.ConclusionIt was concluded that distal heparinisation during microvascular anastomosis is better than systemic heparin and local irrigation in preventing the formation of thrombus.
<i>Cryptosporidium</i>-associated diarrhoea in neonatal calves in Algeria; Neonatal calf diarrhoea triggered by the enteric protozoan parasite Cryptosporidium is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in calves aged 1-month-old or younger globally. Infected cattle in general and calves in particular have also been demonstrated as major contributors of zoonotic C. parvum oocysts in the environment and have been linked to a number of waterborne outbreaks of human cryptosporidiosis. Little is known on the occurrence, geographical distribution, and molecular diversity of Cryptosporidium infections affecting bovine populations in Algeria. In this study faecal specimens were randomly collected from 460 cattle aged between two days and 18 months on 10 farms located in the provinces of Ain Defla, Blida, Setif, and Tizi Ouzou between the autumn of 2015 and the spring of 2016. Faecal samples were microscopically examined using the modified Ziehl-Neelsen acid-fast technique as screening method. Microscopy-positive samples were confirmed by a commercial coproantigen enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (Bio-X Diagnostics). The identification of Cryptosporidium species and sub-genotypes in confirmed samples was conducted by PCR and sequence analyses of the small subunit ribosomal RNA (ssu rRNA) and the 60 kDa glycoprotein (gp60) genes of the parasite. Overall, 52.2% (240/460) of the investigated cattle tested positive to Cryptosporidium by microscopy. The infection was widespread in all 10 farms surveyed, but was significantly more prevalent in those from Blida in the central part of the country. Bovine cryptosporidiosis affected cattle of all age groups but with different outcomes. Pre-weaned (up to one month old) calves typically presented with diarrhoea, whereas older animals mostly harboured subclinical infections. The commercial ELISA used only detected 15.8% (38/240) of the samples that previously tested positive by microscopy, demonstrating a poor performance in field epidemiological surveys. Sequence analysis of the 29 isolates generated at the ssu rRNA loci confirmed the presence of four Cryptosporidium species including C. parvum (72.4%), C. bovis (13.8%), C. andersoni, (3.4%), and C. ryanae (3.4%). Two additional isolates (7.0%) could only be identified at the genus level. Eight out of the 21 isolates assigned to C. parvum were identified as sub-genotype IIaA16G2R1 at the gp60 locus. C. parvum was almost exclusively found infecting preweaned calves, whereas C. ryanae and C. andersoni were only detected in asymptomatic animals. Bovine cryptosporidiosis is highly endemic in the surveyed area and represents a veterinary public health concern that should be adequately tackled by Algerian veterinary health authorities and policy makers.
Metronidazole gel (0.75%) in Japanese patients with rosacea: A randomized, vehicle-controlled, phase 3 study; Topical metronidazole is not currently approved in Japan as a treatment for the indication of rosacea, although 0.75% metronidazole gel was authorized in 2014 for the management of cancerous skin ulcers. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of 0.75% metronidazole gel in Japanese patients with inflammatory lesions (papules/pustules) and erythema associated with moderate to severe rosacea. Overall, 130 patients were randomly assigned to receive 0.75% metronidazole gel (n = 65) or vehicle (n = 65), and 120 patients completed 12 weeks of treatment. The primary efficacy outcome was the proportion of patients who achieved both of the following at week 12: an improvement of >50% in the number of inflammatory lesions (papules/pustules) and a positive change of at least one degree in erythema severity. This composite outcome was achieved by 72.3% of metronidazole-treated patients versus 36.9% of vehicle-treated patients, with the between-group difference demonstrating significant improvement with 0.75% metronidazole gel (p < 0.0001). All secondary efficacy endpoints (patients achieving a score of >= 3 for percent change in the number of inflammatory lesions at week 12; patients achieving a score of >= 3 for change in erythema severity at week 12; patients achieving an Investigator's Global Assessment score of 0 or 1 at week 12; percent change over time in the number of inflammatory lesions; change over time in erythema severity) also showed improvement in the 0.75% metronidazole gel group. The incidence of adverse events was higher with metronidazole (40.0%) than with vehicle (29.2%). Of these, treatment-related, treatment-emergent adverse events occurred in 9.2% and 6.2% in the metronidazole and the vehicle group, respectively, but there were no new safety concerns. Overall, the results of this study have confirmed the efficacy and safety of 0.75% metronidazole gel in Japanese patients with rosacea.
Treatment of Actinic Keratoses: A Randomized Split-Site Approach Comparison of Sequential 5-Fluorouracil and 5-Aminolevulinic Acid Photodynamic Therapy to 5-Aminolevulinic Acid Photodynamic Monotherapy; BACKGROUND Actinic keratoses (AKs) are skin lesions resulting from sun exposure and carry a risk of developing into squamous cell carcinoma. Current therapies for AK eradication include topical 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and photodynamic therapy (PDT) with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid ( ALA). However, sequential therapy with 5-FU-ALA-PDT may offer improved outcome compared to ALA-PDT alone.
Effects of aspirin and non-aspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on the incidence of recurrent colorectal adenomas: a systematic review with meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis of randomized clinical trials; Background: Beneficial effects of aspirin and non-aspirin nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) against recurrent colorectal adenomas have been documented in systematic reviews; however, the results have not been conclusive. Uncertainty remains about the appropriate dose of aspirin for adenoma prevention. The persistence of the protective effect of NSAIDs against recurrent adenomas after treatment cessation is yet to be established.
Melamine negatively affects oocyte architecture, oocyte development and fertility in mice; STUDY QUESTION: Does melamine have a toxic effect on oocyte development and fertility in vivo?
Thiamine Alleviates High-Concentrate-Diet-Induced Oxidative Stress, Apoptosis, and Protects the Rumen Epithelial Barrier Function in Goats; High-concentrate diets are continually used in ruminants to meet the needs of milk yield, which can lead to the occurrence of subacute rumen acidosis in ruminants. This study investigated the protective effects of dietary thiamine supplementation on the damage of the ruminal epithelium barrier function in goats fed a high-concentrate diet. Twenty-four healthy Boer goats (live weight of 35.62 +/- 2.4 kg; age, 1 year) were randomly assigned into three treatments, with eight goats in each treatment, consuming one of three diets: a low-concentrate diet (CON; concentrate/forage, 30:70), a high-concentrate diet (HC; concentrate/forage, 70:30), or a high-concentrate diet with 200 mg of thiamine/kg of dry matter intake (HCT; concentrate/forage, 70:30) for 12 weeks. The additional dose of thiamine was based on our previous study wherein thiamine ameliorates inflammation. Compared with HC treatment, the HCT treatment had markedly higher concentrations of glutathione, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase and total antioxidant capacity (P < 0.05) in plasma and rumen epithelium. The results showed that the apoptosis index was lower (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatment than in that of the HC treatment. Compared with the HC treatment, permeability and the electrophysiology parameter short circuit current for ruminal epithelial tissue were significantly decreased (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatment. The immunohistochemical results showed that the expression distribution of tight junctions including claudin-1, claudin-4, occludin, and zonula occludin-1 (ZO-1) was greater (P < 0.05) in the HCT treatments than in the HC treatment. The mRNA expression in the rumen epithelium of ZO-1, occludin, claudin-1, B-cell lymphoma/leukemia 2, nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor 2 (Nrf2), superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2), glutathione peroxidase 1, and the phase II metabolizing enzymes quinone oxidoreductase and heme oxygenase in the HCT group was significantly increased in comparison with the HC diet treatment (P < 0.05), whereas the mRNA expression of caspase 3, caspase 8, caspase 9, bcl-2 associated X protein, lipopolysaccharide binding protein, toll-like receptor 4, nuclear factor kappa-B (NF kappa B), tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-1 beta, interleukin, and tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 decreased significantly in the HCT treatment (P < 0.05). Compared with the HC treatment, the HCT diet significantly increased the protein expression of ZO-1, occludin, claudin-1, NQO1, HO-1, SOD2, serine/threonine kinase, p-Akt, Nrf2, and p-Nrf2; conversely, the expression of NF kappa B-related proteins p65 and pp65 was significantly decreased (P < 0.05). In addition, thiamine relieved the damage on the ruminal epithelium caused by the HC diet. The results show that dietary thiamine supplementation improves the rumen epithelial barrier function by regulating Nrf2-NF kappa B signaling pathways during high-concentrate-diet feeding.
Comparison of Self-Expanding Bioprostheses for Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in Patients With Symptomatic Severe Aortic Stenosis SCOPE 2 Randomized Clinical Trial; BACKGROUND: Few randomized trials have compared bioprostheses for transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and no trials have compared bioprostheses with supra-annular design. The SCOPE 2 trial (Safety and Efficacy Comparison of Two TAVI Systems in a Prospective Randomized Evaluation 2) was designed to compare the clinical outcomes of the ACURATE neo and CoreValve Evolut bioprostheses for transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
Prospective Randomized Clinical Trial Assessing the Efficacy of Denamarin for Prevention of CCNU-Induced Hepatopathy in Tumor-Bearing Dogs; Background: Increases in liver enzymes occur in up to 86% of dogs receiving CCNU and can result in treatment delay or early discontinuation of treatment. Denamarin contains S-adenosylmethionine and silybin, both of which have been investigated as treatments for various liver diseases.
PROLONGATION OF ANESTHESIA IN MOHS MICROGRAPHIC SURGERY WITH 2-PERCENT LIDOCAINE JELLY; The authors performed a prospective, randomized trial of topical 2% lidocaine jelly in patients with basal cell or squamous cell carcinomas to test the effectiveness of the jelly in prolonging the time of anesthesia between the multiple stages of Mohs micrographic surgery.  There was a 48% increase in the duration of anesthesia achieved by the use of 2% lidocaine jelly in patients given 1% lidocaine with epinephrine.  In patients given 1% lidocaine without epinephrine, there was approximately a 2.5 times greater duration of anesthesia achieved by using topical 2% lidocaine jelly.
Impact of closed loop stimulation on prognostic cardiopulmonary variables in patients with chronic heart failure and severe chronotropic incompetence: a pilot, randomized, crossover study; Aims Clinical effects of rate-adaptive pacing in heart failure patients with chronotropic incompetence (CI) undergoing cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) remain unclear. Closed loop stimulation (CLS) is a new rate-adaptive sensor in CRT devices. We evaluated the effectiveness of CLS in CRT patients with severe CI, focusing primarily on key prognostic variables assessed by cardiopulmonary exercise (CPX) testing.
Dietary patterns and incident low-trauma fractures in postmenopausal women and men aged ≥50 y: a population-based cohort study; Background: Previous research has shown that dietary patterns are related to the risk of several adverse health outcomes, but the relation of these patterns to skeletal fragility is not well understood.
Effect of Adding Yeast Cultures to High-Grain Conditions on Production Performance, Rumen Fermentation Profile, Microbial Abundance, and Immunity in Goats; In China, high-grain diets for ruminants due to forage scarcity cause metabolic disorders. Yeast culture promotes rumen health by stabilizing microbial composition and enhancing nutrition and immunity. Therefore, the objective of this experiment was mainly to investigate the effect of the addition of two different species of yeast culture on goat production performance, rumen fermentation profile, microbial balance, and immunity under high-grain conditions. The results indicated that the incorporation of yeast culture into a high-grain diet significantly enhanced the production performance of goats, augmented their immunity, and stabilized the rumen environment. However, different types of yeast cultures acted by different mechanisms. The results provide a reference for the rational application of yeast culture in production. It is a common practice among farmers to utilize high-grain diets with the intention of promoting ruminant growth. However, this approach bears the risk of inducing rumen disorders and nutrient metabolism diseases. Yeast culture (YC) showed advantages in ruminant applications. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of adding two different types of YC to high-grain conditions on production performance, rumen fermentation profile, microbial abundance, and immunity in goats. A total of 30 male goats with similar body condition were randomly distributed into 3 dietary treatments with 10 replicates per treatment as follows: basic diet group (CON); basic diet + 0.5% yeast culture 1 (YC1) group; basic diet + 0.5% yeast culture 2 (YC2) group. The trial lasted for 36 days. The results demonstrated that dietary YC supplementation led to an increase in the average daily gain and a reduction in feed intake and weight gain ratio in goats. It increased the apparent digestibility of crude protein, NDF, and ADF (p < 0.05). The serum concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1 beta, IL-6, and Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha in the control group were significantly higher than those of the YC groups (p < 0.05). The serum concentrations of Immunoglobulin (Ig)A and IgG in the control group were significantly lower than those in the YC groups (p < 0.05). The rumen concentration of microbial protein (MCP) in the control group was significantly lower than that in the YC groups (p < 0.05). There was a negative correlation between the concentration of IL-10 and Bacteroidota, Spirochaetota, and Succinivibrio, while there was a positive correlation between concentrations of IL-10 and Firmicutes. Nevertheless, discrepancies were observed in the impact of the two different types of YC on the physiological and biochemical indicators of the animals. The concentration of triglyceride in the YC1 group was significantly higher than that of the CON and YC2 groups, while the concentration of urea in the YC2 group was significantly higher than that of the CON and YC1 groups (p < 0.05). At the phylum level, the addition of YC2 to the diet significantly increased the relative abundance of Bacteroidota and Fibrobacterota and significantly decreased Firmicutes compared to the control. At the genus level, the addition of YC1 to the HGD significantly reduced the relative abundance of Rikenellaceae_RC9_gut_group, while the addition of YC2 to the HGD significantly increased the relative abundance of Prevotellace-ae_UCG-001, Fibrobacter, and Prevotellaceae_UCG-003 (p < 0.05).
Vitamin D Intake in a Population-Based Sample of Young Polish Women, Its Major Sources and the Possibility of Meeting the Recommendations; The recommendations of vitamin D intake are commonly not met, which results from the fact that fish, being its major sources, are commonly rarely consumed. Consequently, a reliable estimation of its habitual intake is also difficult, as its daily intake is highly variable. The aim of the study was to analyze vitamin D intake from food, its major sources and the possibility to meet its recommendations in a population-based sample of young Polish women. The study was conducted in a sample of Polish women aged 15-30 years, recruited in cooperation with local students' and youth organizations from all regions of Poland (convenience sampling with the snowball effect), while the stratified sampling procedure was applied with a random quota sampling for voivodeships (an administrative subdivision), to obtain an adequate distribution regarding the general population of young Polish women (n = 1,032). The vitamin D intake was assessed while using the validated Vitamin D Estimation Only-Food Frequency Questionnaire (VIDEO-FFQ) and was compared with the recommended 10 mu g. The median vitamin D intake in the study group was 3.09 mu g (0.00-24.52 mu g) and in 95% of participants was lower than recommended, while the highest vitamin D intake was observed for the following sources: eggs (0.50 mu g), meat and meat products (0.49 mu g), herring, sardine and tuna products (0.41 mu g) and dairy products (0.40 mu g). The correlation between total vitamin D intake and its intake from its sources was strongest for eggs (p < 0.0001; R = 0.5989) and for herring, sardine and tuna products (p < 0.0001; R = 0.5314), while the correlation between total vitamin D intake and the number of servings was strongest for herring, sardine and tuna products (p < 0.0001; R = 0.5314). At the same time, while compared with other fish species, consuming herring was the strongest predictor of meeting the recommended vitamin D level of 10 mu g (p = 0.0292; odds ratio (OR) = 1.94; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07-3.52), but also of 5 mu g (p < 0.0001; OR = 2.54; 95% CI 1.85-3.47). Therefore, taking into account the relatively low prices of herring, its high vitamin D content, as well as its influence on total vitamin D intake, it could be beneficial to recommend young women to increase herring intake in order to increase dietary vitamin D intake and to meet its recommendations.
Meat Consumption and Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: Results from the Korean Population and a Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; Many studies have reported harmful effects of red meat or processed meat on chronic diseases including cancer and diabetes, but epidemiological evidence for metabolic syndrome is limited and remains controversial. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis of observational studies to assess the association between various meat consumption and risk of metabolic syndrome. The PubMed and ISI Web of Science databases were searched through June 2017, and further included unpublished results from Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2012-2015, including 8387 Korean adults. Sixteen studies were suitable for meta-analysis, which included 19,579 cases among 76,111 participants. We used a random-effects model to calculate the pooled relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). The pooled RR for metabolic syndrome of the highest versus lowest category of meat intake was 1.14 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.23) for total meat, 1.33 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.74) for red meat, 1.35 (95% CI: 1.18, 1.54) for processed meat, and 0.86 (95% CI: 0.76, 0.97) for white meat. All of these associations did not differ significantly by study design and adjustment factors. Our findings indicated that total, red, and processed meat intake is positively associated with metabolic syndrome, and white meat intake is inversely associated with metabolic syndrome.
The impact of ethnicity and intra-pancreatic fat on the postprandial metabolome response to whey protein in overweight Asian Chinese and European Caucasian women with prediabetes; The "Thin on the Outside Fat on the Inside" TOFI_Asia study found Asian Chinese to be more susceptible to Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) compared to European Caucasians matched for gender and body mass index (BMI). This was influenced by degree of visceral adipose deposition and ectopic fat accumulation in key organs, including liver and pancreas, leading to altered fasting plasma glucose, insulin resistance, and differences in plasma lipid and metabolite profiles. It remains unclear how intra-pancreatic fat deposition (IPFD) impacts TOFI phenotype-related T2D risk factors associated with Asian Chinese. Cow's milk whey protein isolate (WPI) is an insulin secretagogue which can suppress hyperglycemia in prediabetes. In this dietary intervention, we used untargeted metabolomics to characterize the postprandial WPI response in 24 overweight women with prediabetes. Participants were classified by ethnicity (Asian Chinese, n=12; European Caucasian, n=12) and IPFD (low IPFD < 4.66%, n=10; high IPFD >= 4.66%, n=10). Using a cross-over design participants were randomized to consume three WPI beverages on separate occasions; 0 g (water control), 12.5 g (low protein, LP) and 50 g (high protein, HP), consumed when fasted. An exclusion pipeline for isolating metabolites with temporal (T0-240mins) WPI responses was implemented, and a support vector machine-recursive feature elimination (SVM-RFE) algorithm was used to model relevant metabolites by ethnicity and IPFD classes. Metabolic network analysis identified glycine as a central hub in both ethnicity and IPFD WPI response networks. A depletion of glycine relative to WPI concentration was detected in Chinese and high IPFD participants independent of BMI. Urea cycle metabolites were highly represented among the ethnicity WPI metabolome model, implicating a dysregulation in ammonia and nitrogen metabolism among Chinese participants. Uric acid and purine synthesis pathways were enriched within the high IPFD cohort's WPI metabolome response, implicating adipogenesis and insulin resistance pathways. In conclusion, the discrimination of ethnicity from WPI metabolome profiles was a stronger prediction model than IPFD in overweight women with prediabetes. Each models' discriminatory metabolites enriched different metabolic pathways that help to further characterize prediabetes in Asian Chinese women and women with increased IPFD, independently.
RESISTANCE TO TRICHINELLA-SPIRALIS INFECTION, INDUCTION OF HEPATIC MONOOXYGENASES, AND CONCENTRATIONS IN THYMUS AND LIVER IN RATS AFTER PERINATAL EXPOSURE TO 2,3,7,8-TETRACHLORODIBENZO-P-DIOXIN; Pregnant Wistar rats were treated on day 19 of gestation with a single s.c.-injection of 3 or 0.3-mu-g 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (= TCDD)/kg body wt or with the vehicle only (toluene/DMSO, 1 + 2 v/v, 0.2 ml/kg body wt).  The concentrations of TCDD in thymus and liver tissue as well as the activity of the ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) in homogenate from maternal, fetal and offspring liver were determined up to 11 weeks postnatally (in the high dose group).  Five weeks postnatally 12 male offspring were randomly selected from each of the control and of the two TCDD treated groups and infected orally with 500 Trichinella spiralis larvae.  Two, three and six weeks after infection antibody titers to T. spiralis (IgM, IgG, IgE) were measured in the blood plasma.  The weight of relevant organs was determined and the tongue was prepared for the counting of T. spiralis muscle larvae 11 weeks postnatally.
Pressor response to intravenous tyramine in healthy subjects after safinamide, a novel neuroprotectant with selective, reversible monoamine oxidase B inhibition; Safinamide is a novel neuroprotectant combining sodium and calcium channel blocking properties with selective, reversible monoamine oxidase type B (MAO B) inhibition. Phase I studies have demonstrated that in healthy volunteers, the ED50 (a dose that inhibits enzyme activity by 50% in 50% of treated subjects) for MAO B inhibition is 87.5 mug/kg/day orally, and that no MAO A inhibition occurs after 10-mg/kg oral dosing. To assess the risk of inducing the "cheese effect," the effect of safinamide and placebo on the pressor response to tyramine was investigated in a group of healthy male volunteers. The study was an open, single-dose placebo-controlled trial with the 2 treatments in sequence. An increase of 30 turn Hg systolic blood pressure was obtained by intravenous tyramine administered by 0.5-mg incremental boluses injected at 15-minute intervals. The amount of tyramine necessary to achieve such a blood pressure increase was the same after the safinamide 2-mg/kg oral load compared with placebo. These results suggest that dietary restrictions for food with high tyramine content should not be required under safinamide treatment.
Gender in the ACCESS-EU registry: a prospective, multicentre, non-randomised post-market approval study of MitraClip® therapy in Europe; Aims: Gender has been an important factor in outcomes after mitral valve surgery; however, its effect on percutaneous mitral valve repair is not well known. We aimed to report the effect of gender on outcomes in a large European prospective, multicentre, non-randomised post-approval study of percutaneous mitral valve repair.
The Effect of Synbiotic and Probiotic Supplementation on Mental Health Parameters in Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis: A Double-blind, Randomized, Placebo-controlled Trial; Introduction: The purpose of this double-blind clinical trial, was to examine the effect of supplementation with the synbiotic and probiotic on the mental health, quality of life, and anemia in HD patients. Methods: Seventy-five HD patients were randomly assigned to receive the synbiotic (n = 23) as 15 g of prebiotics, 5 g of probiotic powder containing Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium bifidum, Bifidobacterium lactis, and Bifidobacterium longum (2.7 x 107 CFU/g each); probiotics (n = 23) as 5 g probiotics similar to the synbiotic group with 15 g of maltodextrin as placebo; and placebo (n = 19) as 20 g of maltodextrin. Serum hemoglobin (Hb) and albumin (Alb) were measured. Beck depression and anxiety index (BDI/BAI) was used to assess symptoms of depression and anxiety. The health-related quality of life (HRQoL) was assessed using the questionnaire SF-36. Results: From baseline to 12 weeks, synbiotic and probiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in BDI and BAI score in comparison to the placebo (P < 0.05). Between and intergroup comparison showed no significant changes between the groups in terms of HRQoL. However, the serum Hb level increased significantly in the synbiotic and probiotic group compared to the placebo group (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Overall, 12 weeks of synbiotic and probiotic supplementation resulted in an improvement in mental health and anemia compared with the placebo, whereas they failed to enhance the quality of life in HD patients.
Polyphenon E®: a new treatment for external anogenital warts; P>Background
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of green tea catechins in the treatment of external anogenital warts: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background External anogenital warts (EGWs) are non-malignant skin tumours caused by human papillomavirus. They are one of the fastest growing sexually transmitted diseases. Current treatments are unsatisfactory. Green tea sinecatechin Polyphenon E ointment is a botanical extract from green tea leaves exhibiting anti-oxidant, anti-viral and anti-tumour properties.
Effects of α-glycerol monolaurate on intestinal morphology, nutrient digestibility, serum profiles, and gut microbiota in weaned piglets; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation of alpha-glycerol monolaurate (alpha-GML) on the growth performance, nutrient digestibility, serum profiles, intestinal morphology, and gut microbiota of weaned piglets. A total of 96 healthy 28-d-old (Duroc x Landrace x Yorkshire) weaned piglets with body weight of 8.34 +/- 0.05 kg were randomly divided into 2 treatment groups with 6 replicate pens and 8 piglets per pen. The control group was fed a basal diet and the experimental group was fed the basal diet supplemented with 1,000 mg/kg alpha-GML. The experiment lasted for 28 d. Dietary supplementation with alpha-GML had no effect on average daily gain, average daily feed intake, or gain to feed ratio in piglets (P> 0.05); however, it reduced (P < 0.05) diarrhea rate of piglets on days 15 to 28. The apparent total tract digestibility of dry matter (DM), crude protein (CP), ether extract (EE), and gross energy (GE) on day 14, and DM, organic matter, CP EE, and GE on day 28 increased (P < 0.05) with alpha-GML supplementation. Moreover, higher (P < 0.05) glutathione peroxidase activity and interleukin-10 (11,10) concentration, and lower (P < 0.05) malondialdehyde and tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentrations were observed in piglets supplemented with alpha-GML compared with the control group on day 14. Compared with the control group, the villus height/crypt depth in the duodenum and villus height in the jejunum and ileum were significantly greater (P< 0.05) in the alpha-GML group. Dietary alpha-GML supplementation significantly increased (P < 0.05) the relative abundance of Firmicutes, while decreasing (P < 0.05) Bacteroidota and Campilobacterota in the cecal contents; significantly increased (P < 0.05) the relative proportion of Lactobacillus and Blautia species, reduced (P < 0.05) Eubacterium_rectale_ATCC_33656, Campylobacter, and uncultured_bacterium_Alloprevotella species. Thus, dietary alpha-GML supplementation at 1,000 mg/kg reduces diarrhea rate, improves intestinal morphology, nutrient digestibility, antioxidant capacity, and immune status, and ameliorates gut microbiota in weaned piglets.
Effect of dietary probiotics on colon length in an inflammatory bowel disease-induced murine model: A meta-analysis; We investigated the effect of probiotic supplementation on inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by meta-analysis. We included 30 studies to assess the effect of probiotic administration. We estimated the effect size using standardized mean difference, and we evaluated the statistical heterogeneity of the effect size using Cochran's Q test, followed by meta-ANOVA and meta-regression analysis to explain the heterogeneity of the effect size using a mixed-effects model. We conducted Egger's linear regression test to evaluate publication bias. Among the factors evaluated, colon length and myeloperoxidase showed the greatest Q statistic and I-2 index, respectively. Colon length, transforming growth factor-beta, IL-10, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione showed positive effect sizes in the fixed- and random-effects models. The others (spleen weight, tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-12, IL-17, IFN-gamma, disease activity index, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances, nitric oxide, myeloperoxidase, malondialdehyde, histological score, and macroscopic inflammatory score) showed negative effect sizes in the fixed- and random-effects models. Probiotics showed a significant effect on all investigated factors, except IL-10. In meta-ANOVA and meta-regression analysis, Lactobacillus paracasei was the most effective probiotic for colon length. Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus reuteri, Lactobacillus fermentum, and a mixture of Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Saccharomyces boulardii (LC + SB) were effective for colon length, tumor necrosis factor alpha, IL-6, IL-10, IFN-gamma, and disease activity index. Lactobacillus rham-nosus was most effective for IL-10 and IFN-gamma. Dietary probiotics are effective in improving the symptoms of IBD. Although the results of this meta-analysis had some limitations due to a lack of animal experiments, they will be meaningful to people with IBD.
Estimation of genetic parameters for udder traits in Hereford cattle; The objective was to estimate genetic parameters for udder traits in Hereford cattle. American Hereford Association (AHA) members initially recorded an overall score based on all udder characteristics. In 2008, the Beef Improvement Federation established guidelines, which were subsequently adopted by the AHA, for evaluating udder suspension and teat size. Therefore, a female was scored for either overall score or udder suspension and teat size for a single lactation, and females may be evaluated for overall score for a parity and then for udder suspension and teat size at a later parity. In all cases, subjective scores were assigned at parturition and ranged from 1 to 9, with a score of 9 considered ideal. Records on 48,191 animals and a 3-generation pedigree with 126,814 animals were obtained from the AHA, Kansas City, MO. These records contained repeated observations for overall score (n = 73,469), suspension (n = 38,412), and teat size (n = 38,412). Because the distribution of scores for all traits peaked at 7, a linear approximation was used in the analysis. Data were modeled using a multiple-trait animal model with random effects of additive genetic and permanent environment, fixed effect of contemporary group (herd-year-season), and a linear covariate for age in days. Heritability estimates (SE) for overall score, suspension, and teat size were 0.32 (0.01), 0.32 (0.01), and 0.28 (0.01), respectively. Through genetic selection for these traits, beef producers could improve udder traits. Repeatability estimates (SE) for overall score, suspension, and teat size were 0.45 (0.005), 0.47 (0.01), and 0.44 (0.01), respectively. Producers should continue evaluating udder traits repeatedly throughout a cow's lifetime. The phenotypic correlation (SE) between suspension and teat size was 0.64 (0.004) with 57% of records for suspension and teat size having the same score for both traits. The genetic correlations (SE) between teat size and suspension, overall score and teat size, and overall score and suspension were 0.81 (0.01), 0.71 (0.03), and 0.69 (0.03), respectively, and selection for one trait should result in correlated responses in the other traits. In conclusion, traits were moderately repeatable with scores from a parity being informative for subsequent parities. Because overall score, udder suspension, and teat size were moderately heritable with strong, positive genetic correlations, genetic improvement for these traits can be achieved through selection.
Dietary α-linolenic acid inhibits proinflammatory cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells in hypercholesterolemic subjects; Background: Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory disease. We previously reported that a diet high in alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) reduces lipid and inflammatory cardiovascular disease risk factors in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Intensified fractional CO<sub>2</sub> laser-assisted photodynamic therapy vs. laser alone for organ transplant recipients with multiple actinic keratoses and wart-like lesions: a randomized half-side comparative trial on dorsal hands; BackgroundPhotodynamic therapy (PDT) is a well-documented treatment for actinic keratosis (AK), but achieves inferior efficacy in organ transplant recipients (OTRs), particularly in acral regions. Ablative fractional laser (AFXL) intensifies the PDT response and may improve the efficacy of AK clearance when used as monotherapy.
Selenium maintains Ca<SUP>2+</SUP> homeostasis in sheep lymphocytes challenged by oxidative stress; Selenium (Se) is an essential element in human and animal diets, based upon a widespread range of beneficial effects that are primarily due to its antioxidant properties. While Se can be associated to anti-cancer and anti-diabetic activities, reproductive efficiency, and enhancement of the immune system, the mechanistic details of the corresponding biological processes are still largely elusive. To avoid deficiencies and increase bioavailability, Se it is generally supplied to livestock through Se-supplemented feeds or forage plants fertilized with inorganic Se. While the relationship between Ca2+ and ROS (reactive oxygen species) is well known, only a few studies have addressed the possible involvement of Se in the control of cytosolic Ca2+ in oxidative stress. The results on Ca2+ homeostasis were obtained adding exogenous Se in the form of SeO42- to sheep lymphomonocytes cultured in vitro. In particular, Se strongly attenuated 1mM H2O2-induced alteration of intracellular [Ca2+](C) as well as the entry of extracellular Ca2+ into the cells with comparable EC50 values for sodium selenate accounting to 1.72 and 2.28 mM, respectively. In an ex vivo trial, it was observed that Ca2+ homeostasis can effectively be rescued in sheep lymphomonocytes exposed in vivo to a Se concentration of approximately 1.9 mM, that was achieved by feeding sheep with olive leaves previously sprayed with 500 mg/plant Na-selenate. Thus the results obtained suggest that the mode of action of selenium markedly influenced Ca2+-related signaling events. Furthermore, results clearly reveal that the protective effect of Se on Ca2+ homeostasis under oxidative challenge can be clearly and effectively achieved through an appropriate dietary regimen obtained also in a circular economy logic using pruning of olive trees treated to reduce tree drought stress.
Changes in health beneficial components during ice storage of African catfish (<i>Clarias gariepinus</i>); Ice-storage is the most common method of preserving fresh fish. The aim of this work was to study whether ice storage had an effect on contents of selenium, taurine and fatty acid composition in farmed African catfish (Clarias gariepinus). Gutted fish (n = 40) were stored in melting ice for 21 days, and 5 fish were at regular time intervals randomly drawn from the pool, filleted and freeze-dried. The samples were analyzed for contents of selenium, taurine and fatty acids. During ice storage, water content of fillets increased due to influx of water form melted ice. Only concentrations of water soluble taurine were found to decrease significantly, approximately 25 %, whereas concentration of selenium and the fatty acid profile did not substantially change during storage.
THE EFFECT OF AGE ON THE CHANGES OF COPPER AND IRON CONCENTRATIONS IN THE BLOOD-SERUM OF CALVES; Microelements, being components of various ferments, hormones, vitamins and other substances, take part, within the metabolic processes, in growth, reproduction, immunologic activity, efficiency and particularly, not last in the general health condition of an organism.
The Relationship between Eating and Lifestyle Habits and Cancer in Van Lake Region: Another Endemic Region for Esophageal and Gastric Cancers; Purpose. To examine the relationship between esophageal and gastric cancers commonly seen in Van Lake region and the traditional eating habits of the geography. Materials and Methods. Esophageal and gastric cancer cases, who underwent surgery between January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2013, were examined. Pathology reports of the patients and presence of Helicobacter pylori (HP) were recorded. Surveys were filled by face to face meeting or telephone call. Control group was created with randomly selected individuals without any cancer diagnosis having age, gender, and socioeconomic characteristics similar to patient group. All data were analyzed using SAS. 9.3 statistical programme. Results. Compared with the control group, herby cheese consumption (a component of eating habits) and smoking were significantly higher in the patient group (P < 0.001). Tandoor exposure is compared in terms of female gender, and significant difference was found between the groups (P = 0.0013). As a result of the analysis with logistic regression more than 150 gr of herby cheese consumption per day was found to increase the cancer risk (odds ratio 1.017; 95% CI: 1.012-1.022). Conclusion. A high consumption of herby cheese, cooking bread on tandoor, and heavy smoking were seen to be important risk factors for esophageal and gastric cancers.
Inhibition of Fried Meat-Induced Colorectal DNA Damage and Altered Systemic Genotoxicity in Humans by Crucifera, Chlorophyllin, and Yogurt; Dietary exposures implicated as reducing or causing risk for colorectal cancer may reduce or cause DNA damage in colon tissue; however, no one has assessed this hypothesis directly in humans. Thus, we enrolled 16 healthy volunteers in a 4-week controlled feeding study where 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing meat cooked at either low (100 degrees C) or high temperature (250 degrees C), each for 2 weeks in a crossover design. The other 8 subjects were randomly assigned to dietary regimens containing the high-temperature meat diet alone or in combination with 3 putative mutagen inhibitors: cruciferous vegetables, yogurt, and chlorophyllin tablets, also in a crossover design. Subjects were nonsmokers, at least 18 years old, and not currently taking prescription drugs or antibiotics. We used the Salmonella assay to analyze the meat, urine, and feces for mutagenicity, and the comet assay to analyze rectal biopsies and peripheral blood lymphocytes for DNA damage. Low-temperature meat had undetectable levels of heterocyclic amines (HCAs) and was not mutagenic, whereas high-temperature meat had high HCA levels and was highly mutagenic. The high-temperature meat diet increased the mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine and feces compared to the low-temperature meat diet. The mutagenicity of hydrolyzed urine was increased nearly twofold by the inhibitor diet, indicating that the inhibitors enhanced conjugation. Inhibitors decreased significantly the mutagenicity of un-hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed feces. The diets did not alter the levels of DNA damage in non-target white blood cells, but the inhibitor diet decreased nearly twofold the DNA damage in target colorectal cells. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration that dietary factors can reduce DNA damage in the target tissue of fried-meat associated carcinogenesis.
Active dry yeast supplementation improves the growth performance, rumen fermentation, and immune response of weaned beef calves; The objective of this experiment was to investigate the potential benefits of active dry yeast (ADY) on the growth performance, rumen fermentation, nutrient digestibility, and serum parameters of weaned beef calves. Thirty Simmental crossbred male calves (body weight = 86.47 +/- 4.41 kg and 70 +/- 4 d of age) were randomly divided into 2 groups: control (CON) (fed basal ration) and ADY (fed basal ration and 5 g/d ADY per calf). The dietary concentrate-to-roughage ratio was 35:65. All the calves were regularly provided rations 3 times a day at 07:00,13:00, and 19:00 and had free access to water. The experiment lasted for 60 d. The average daily gain of ADY group was higher (P = 0.007) than that of the CON group, and the ratio of feed intake to average daily gain in the ADYgroup was reduced (P = 0.022) as compared to the CON group. The concentration of ruminal ammonia-N was higher (P = 0.023) in the CON group than that in the ADY group, but an opposite trend of microbial protein was found between the 2 groups. Also, the ruminal concentrations of propionate and butyrate were higher (P < 0.05) in the ADY group than those in the CON group. Calves fed ADY exhibited higher (P < 0.05) crude protein and neutral detergent fiber digestibility. Supplementation of ADY increased (P < 0.05) the contents of glucose, glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, immunoglobulin A, immunoglobulin M, and interleukin 10 in the serum of calves, but an opposite trend was observed in malondialdehyde, interleukin 1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor alpha contents between the 2 groups. In conclusion, dietary supplementation with ADY could improve the growth performance, rumen fermentation, nutrient digestibility, antioxidant ability, and immune response of weaned beef calves. (c) 2021 Chinese Association of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Task shifting in Mozambique: cross-sectional evaluation of non-physician clinicians' performance in HIV/AIDS care; Background: Many resource-constrained countries now train non-physician clinicians in HIV/AIDS care, a strategy known as 'task-shifting.' There is as yet no evidence-based international standard for training these cadres. In 2007, the Mozambican Ministry of Health (MOH) conducted a nationwide evaluation of the quality of care delivered by non-physician clinicians (tecnicos de medicina, or TMs), after a two-week in-service training course emphasizing antiretroviral therapy (ART).
Possible alternative therapies for oral lichen planus cases refractory to steroid therapies; Oral lichen planus (OLP) is a chronic inflammatory disorder with a multifactorial etiopathogenesis. Immune dysregulation plays a critical role in the development and progression of this disease. Patients' lives may be affected by pain caused by atrophic-erosive lesions. Given the obscure etiology, treatment is usually symptomatic. Topical steroids remain the mainstay of management. However, their therapeutic benefits are not always evident. There are substantial data on the possible therapeutic strategies that are effective in OLP cases refractory to steroids. This review provides an overview of the current approaches for the management of steroid-refractory OLP. The miscellaneous treatment regimens include tacrolimus, pimecrolimus, thalidomide, low-level laser therapy, photodynamic therapy, and surgical excision. Some results obtained from these studies were promising. However, further studies, especially randomized controlled trials with strict inclusion and exclusion criteria and larger sample sizes, are required for the evaluation of the long-term safety and efficacy of these therapies.
Treatments for Idiopathic Granulomatous Mastitis: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objectives: Idiopathic granulomatous mastitis (IGM) is a benign breast disease with no ideal treatment regimen so far. This study aimed to evaluate the complete remission/resolution (CR) rate and recurrence rate of different treatment options.
Efficacy and safety of probiotics in irritable bowel syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background/Aim: Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) is a common chronic functional bowel disorder and the evidence shows most drug therapies in the treatment of IBS are weak. Recently, some studies showed probiotics may have a positive effect in IBS and they are widely used to improve the symptom of IBS, which indicate probiotics may play an important role in the treatment of IBS. However, the exact effectiveness and safety of probiotics are largely unknown. This systematic review focuses on identifying the efficacy and safety of probiotics in the treatment of IBS.
Vaccination for leptospirosis improved the weaning percentage of 2-year-old farmed red deer hinds in New Zealand; AIM: To investigate the effect of leptospiral vaccination against serovars Hardjo-bovis and Pomona on fetal loss and weaning percentage in rising 2-year-old farmed red deer hinds.
Ethnic, racial, and gender variations in health among farm operators in the United States; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to collect baseline prevalence data on the health problems faced by minority, white, and female farm operators.
Knowledge, attitude and prevention practices of garment factory workers regarding the largest Dengue outbreak on record in Bangladesh; The aim of this cross-sectional study was to assess the knowledge, attitudes and prevention practices (KAP) among the garment factory worker population in Bangladesh regarding a historical dengue outbreak in 2019. A total of 400 participants were selected by simple random sampling, and questionnaire-based interviews were conducted. The average score of knowledge, attitude and prevention practice was 8.33 +/- 2.35, 6.32 +/- 1.20 and 6.31 +/- 1.50, respectively. Only 76 out of 400 participants (19%) scored above 10 (all university-educated). Participant workers reported both negative and positive attitudes regarding dengue fever (DF). Negative attitudes included an expectation of increased mortality and strained family finances from DF attacks. A significantly high number of participants (92%) believed that death from DF was inevitable. Positive attitudes included optimism about DF eradication potentials and eagerness to help and donate blood to sick relatives. Participants primarily learned about the DF prevention from mass media (244/400; 61.0%) and social media (97/400; 24.25%). The most popular prevention measures adopted were mosquito repellent incense (344/400; 86.0%) and mosquito nets (389/400; 97.25%). While most participants (358/400; 89.5%) cleaned areas where mosquitos lay eggs, only 169 out of 400 (42.25%) regularly treated with chemical sprays. Only 182 out of 400 (45.5%) reported receiving DF prevention training in the factory. Correlation between DF knowledge and education was statistically significant (r = .38, p < .01, n = 398). Correlation between DF knowledge and work experience was insignificant (r = .01, p > .01, n = 398). Age and DF knowledge were not correlated (r = 0.07, p > .01, n = 398). In conclusion, gaps in KAP for dengue could be addressed by government-sponsored educational programmes that utilize the power of mass/social media for dengue prevention and control. More KAP surveillance studies are needed for other sectors of the society.
Phase 3 Trials of Tirbanibulin Ointment for Actinic Keratosis; Background The tubulin polymerization and Src kinase signaling inhibitor tirbanibulin is being investigated as a topical treatment for actinic keratosis, a precursor of squamous-cell carcinoma.
Assessment of aflatoxin exposure using urine biomarker in pregnant and non-pregnant women in Yazd, Center of Iran; Background: Aflatoxins (AFs) are one of the most prevalent toxins, which long-term exposure to them could be a risk factor for liver cancer. AFM(1) is the hydroxylated metabolite of AFB(1), therefore, the presence of AFM(1) in urine samples can give an appropriate estimation of dietary AF exposure in human.
Effects of Palm Kernel Expellers on Productive Performance, Nutrient Digestibility, and White Blood Cells of Lactating Sows; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of palm kernel expellers on productive performance, nutrient digestibility, and changes in white blood cells (WBC) of lactating sows. A total of 14 sows (200 12 kg of average body weight [BW]; 2.5 of average parity) were used and moved from gestation room to farrowing room on d 109 of gestation. Sows were randomly assigned to 2 dietary treatments in a completely randomized design. The treatments were a diet based on corn and soybean meal (CON) and CON added with 20% of palm kernel expellers (PKE). Sows were fed the treatments for 28 days (weaning) after farrowing. Blood was collected from each sow and 4 randomly selected piglets from each sow before farrowing or on d 3, 7, or 14 of lactation. Sows were fed respective treatments containing 0.2% chromic oxide from d 15 to 21 of lactation. Fecal samples were collected daily for the last 3 days after the 4-d adjustment period. Measurements were performances and WBC changes of sows and litter, nutrient digestibility of sows, and daily diarrhea of litter. Sows fed PKE had greater average daily feed intake (7.38 vs 7.10 kg/d; p<0.05) and lost less BW ( 6.85 vs -8.54 kg; p<0.05) and backfat depth (-0.42 vs -0.71 mm; p<0.05) than those fed CON. However, there were no differences on digestibility of dry matter, nitrogen, and energy and weaning to estrus interval of sows fed either CON or PKE. Piglets from sows fed PKE gained more BW (203 vs 181 g/d; p = 0.08) and had less frequency of diarrhea (6.80 vs 8.56%; p = 0.07) than those from sows fed CON. On the other hand, no difference was found on preweaning mortality of piglets from sows fed either CON or PKE. Sows fed PKE had lower number of WBC (9.57 vs 11.82 x10(3)/mu L; p = 0.09) before farrowing than those fed CON, but no difference on d 3 and 7. Similarly, piglets from sows fed PKE had also lower number of WBC (7.86 vs 9.80 x10(3)/mu L; p<0.05) on d 14 of lactation than those from sows fed CON, but no difference on d 3 and 7. In conclusion, addition of 20% palm kernel expellers to lactation diet based on corn and soybean meal had no negative effects on productive performance, nutrient digestibility, and WBC changes of lactating sows.
The time changes of endogenous salusin-β in septic rats; Salusin-beta and salusin-beta are newly found bioactive peptides of 28 and 20 amino acids, respectively, which are widely distributed in the hematopoietic system, endocrine system, and central nervous system. Salusins exert cardiovascular effects, including hypotension and bradycardia; promote vascular inflammation; and so on. However, little information is available yet on the relationships of salusin-beta with sepsis. In this study, we investigated the distribution and content of endogenous salusin-beta in septic rats. A total of 72 specified pathogen-free (SPF) male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were randomly divided into control group (sham operation, n = 36) and experimental group (n = 36) with sepsis rat model by cecal ligation and puncture (CLP). The model group rats were sacrificed after 6, 12, and 24 h of treatment. The concentration of salusin-beta in spleen, stomach, small intestine, hypothalamus, and serum specimens was detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). It showed that salusin-beta was endogenously generated in rat tissues, including spleen, stomach, small intestine, hypothalamus, and serum. The content of salusin-beta in the spleen was higher than that in other tissues. The content of salusin-beta in the spleen, stomach, and small intestine, together with the serum level of salusin-beta, increased significantly at 6 h after CLP compared with the control group (P < 0.05). The content of salusin-beta in spleen and serum peaked at 12 h, and in small intestine, it reached the summit at 24 h. Meanwhile, no significant fluctuations in salusin-beta content were observed in the stomach. The content of salusin-beta in hypothalamus began to increase at 6 h, and a significant increase appeared 12 h after CLP (P < 0.05). In conclusion, this study shows that the time-dependent alterations of salusin-beta in septic rats suggest that salusin-beta might be involved in the pathogenesis of sepsis.
Prophylactic Treatment with Adlay Bran Extract Reduces the Risk of Severe Acute Radiation Dermatitis: A Prospective, Randomized, Double-Blind Study; Acute radiation dermatitis is a frequent adverse effect in patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy, but there are only a small number of studies providing evidence-based interventions for this clinical condition. Adlay is a cereal crop that has been previously shown to have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. In this study, we seek to evaluate the effectiveness of oral prophylactic treatment with adlay bran extract in reducing the risk of severe acute radiation dermatitis. A total of 110 patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy were analyzed. Using a prospective, randomized, double-blind design, 73 patients received oral treatment with adlay bran extract and 37 patients received olive oil (placebo). Treatment was started at the beginning of radiation therapy and continued until the termination of radiation treatment. Our results showed that the occurrence of severe acute radiation dermatitis (RTOG grade 2 or higher) was significantly lower in patients treated with oral adlay bran extract compared to placebo (45.2% versus 75.7%, adjusted odds ratio 0.24). No serious adverse effects from adlay bran treatment were noted. In conclusion, prophylactic oral treatment with adlay bran extract reduces the risk of severe acute radiation dermatitis and may have potential use in patients with breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy.
Prebiotics promote good health: The basis, the potential, and the emerging evidence; Background: The prebiotics concept, which was launched in 1995, concerns nondigested and selectively fermented carbohydrate food ingredients. It was thought that their effect in the colon could reduce risk for disease. The prebiotic concept is revisited and possible mechanisms are proposed. The physiologic consequences of prebiotic consumption are evaluated in terms of potential to reduce risk for disease. This is a compilation of several research papers, each of which complied with the World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki.
Effects of Probiotics with or without Honey on Radiation-induced Diarrhea; Background: Diarrhea is a well-recognized side effect associated with pelvic radiation; however, there is not any effective common treatment for radiation-induced diarrhea. A popular alternative is probiotics, which have been used in several gastrointestinal disorders. Probiotics are live microbial food supplements. Furthermore, honey is a putative nutritional with a variety of health effects, including antibacterial, antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and prebiotic. The present study evaluated the effects of probiotic with or without honey on radiation-induced diarrhea. Materials and Methods: Sixty-seven adult patients with pelvic cancer underwent radiotherapy for four weeks. They randomized to receive probiotic (n = 22), probiotic plus honey (n = 21) or placebo (n = 24) from one week before radiotherapy for five weeks. Diarrhea grade and stool consistency score were recorded weekly according to the Common Toxicity Criteria system and the Bristol scales, respectively. Results: The results showed a decrease in the daily number of bowel movements (p = 0.003 and 0.006), diarrhea grade (p = 0.001 and 0.001) and the need for antidiarrheal medication (p = 0.021 and 0.041) also an increase in the stool consistency (p = 0.004 and 0.005) in patients who either used probiotic or probiotic plus honey (respectively), these were significant in weeks 4 and 5 of treatment. Conclusion: Probiotics with or without honey can reduce the incidence of radiation-induced diarrhea and the need for antidiarrheal medication.
Effect of Intravenous Vitamin C and N Acetylcysteine on Postoperative Pain and Opioid Consumption after Laparoscopic Gynaecologic Oncosurgeries: A Randomised Controlled Study; Introduction: Postoperative pain is one of the common causes of increased postoperative morbidity and delayed recovery. Pain causes adverse effects such as hypertension, tachycardia, myocardial ischaemia, decreased alveolar ventilation, poor wound healing, and postoperative morbidity. Vitamin C and N-acetylcysteine (NAC), which is a novel co -analgesic, are being studied to reduce postoperative pain and opioid consumption. Aim: To study the effect of intravenous Vitamin C and NAC on postoperative surgical pain and opioid consumption after laparoscopic gynaecologic oncosurgeries. Materials and Methods: The present study was a randomised controlled study conducted at the Department of Anaesthesiology, Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India on 300 patients of American Society of Anaesthesiologists (ASA) physical status 1 and 2 scheduled for laparoscopic Gynaeconcology surgery after obtaining written informed consent. All the selected patients were randomly allocated into three groups. Group P was the control group in Group N patients received intravenous injections of NAC (50 mg/kg) and vitamin C infusion (50 mg/kg) in Group C. Patients were explained about the visual analogue pain scale preoperatively. In the postoperative period, VAS scores were recorded and noted along with the rescue analgesics received and side -effects. Results: Haemodynamic variables were comparable among all three groups. The number of patients who had VAS scores of more than 4 was lower in group C (Vitamin C) at various time intervals when compared to the NAC and placebo groups. It was also statistically significant at 45 minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes, 150 minutes, 180 minutes, 300 minutes, and 10 hours (p-value=0.014, <0.001, <0.001, <0.001, 0.003, 0.005, 0.006, respectively). Postoperative opioid consumption was significantly reduced in group C (Vitamin C) compared to the other two groups (p-value<0.001). Conclusion: Intraoperative Vitamin C usage reduced postoperative pain and fentanyl consumption in the postoperative period, and NAC can be used as a part of multimodal analgesia.
Topical Therapies for Oral Lichen Planus Management and their Efficacy: A Narrative Review; Oral Lichen Planus (OLP) is a chronic inflammatory condition implicating T cell-mediated cytotoxicity, and involving oral mucosal surfaces. Several therapeutic regimens have been evaluated to treat OLP and pain related, but often without high level of evidence. Topical formulations are the favourite for the majority of cases; bioadhesive formulations have been considered very useful and practical for local drug delivery in oral mucosa, due to the increased residence time on the oral mucosa of the dosage forms and better therapeutic efficacy.
Effectiveness of enrofloxacin-alginate gel to prevent newborn calves' navels infection; A trial was conducted with 414 newborn calves randomly divided by risk-blocks of developing omphalitis or omphalophlebitis: low; medium, and high. The treatments were applied by stump-dipping daily for three days, with either iodine-polyvinylpyrrolidone (I-PVP) (n = 205), or with an alginate gel containing 0.5 % enrofloxacin hydrochloride dehydrate (enro-C) (n = 209). Results showed that only one death occurred in the enro-C group, which was attributable to internal hemorrhage not linked with the treatment. After four days, we recorded six other cases as stump fibrosis, but these were inconsequential. In the I-PVP group, 44 calves developed cord infection and were considered treatment failures (13 high-risk; 11 medium-risk, and 20 low-risk) (P < 0.0435 in the three risk grades). The umbilical stump involution was evident in the enro-C-treated animals on day one as most stumps were noticeably dried. Stump detachment occurred within an average of nearly 30 days, and the umbilical scars did not present infection in any case. Conversely, in the remaining calves of the I-PVP group, stump drying was observable after 72 h, and it detached within an average of 32 days (P < 0.05). In stumps treated with enro-C, dirt stuck less, and the gel formed an apparently protecting layer around the umbilical scar when stump was either absent or too short. These results show that enro-C is a successful preventive treatment that allows rapid umbilical stump involution in newborn calves.
Tulathromycin metaphylaxis increases nasopharyngeal isolation of multidrug resistant <i>Mannheimia haemolytica</i> in stocker heifers; Bovine respiratory disease (BRD) is a leading cause of disease in feedlot and stocker calves with Mannheimia haemolytica (MH) as one of the most common etiologies. One of the most effective means of controlling BRD is through metaphylaxis, which involves administering antimicrobials to all animals at high risk of developing BRD. However, increasing prevalence of multidrug resistant (MDR) MH may reduce efficacy of metaphylaxis due to decreased susceptibility to drugs used for metaphylaxis. Primarily, this study aimed to determine the effect of tulathromycin metaphylaxis and subsequent BRD treatment on antimicrobial resistance (AMR) in MH isolated from stocker calves. Secondary objectives included evaluating the effect of metaphylaxis and treatment for BRD on animal health and comparing the genetic relationship of MH isolated. Crossbred beef heifers (n = 331, mean weight = 232, SD = 17.8 kg) at high risk for BRD were randomly assigned to receive tulathromycin metaphylaxis (META, n = 167) or not (NO META, n = 164). Nasopharyngeal swabs were collected for MH isolation, antimicrobial susceptibility testing and whole genome sequencing at arrival and 3 (WK3) and 10 (WK10) weeks later. Mixed-effects logistic regression was used to identify risk factors for isolation of MH and MDR MH (resistant to >= 3 antimicrobial drug classes) at 3 and 10 weeks, BRD morbidity, and crude mortality. Animals in the META group had higher odds of isolation of MDR MH at 3 weeks [OR (95% CI) = 13.08 (5-30.9), p < 0.0001] and 10 weeks [OR (95% CI) = 5.92 (1.34-26.14), p = 0.019] after arrival. There was no difference in risk of isolation of any MH (resistant or susceptible) between META and NO META groups at all timepoints. Animals in the NO META group had 3 times higher odds of being treated for BRD [WK3: OR (95% CI) = 3.07 (1.70-5.52), p = 0.0002; WK10: OR (95% CI) = 2.76 (1.59-4.80), p = 0.0002]. Antimicrobial resistance genes found within isolates were associated with integrative conjugative element (ICE) genes. Tulathromycin metaphylaxis increased risk of isolation of MDR MH and in this population, the increase in MDR MH appeared to be associated with ICE containing antimicrobial resistance genes for multiple antimicrobial classes. This may have important implications for future efficacy of antimicrobials for control and treatment of BRD.
Combination of lidocaine suppository and periprostatic nerve block during transrectal prostate biopsy: A prospective randomized trial; ObjectiveTo assess the most effective local analgesia during transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy.
Homocysteine metabolism, growth performance, and immune responses in suckling and weanling piglets; Homocysteine (Hcy), an intermediary sulfur AA, is recognized as a powerful prooxidant with deleterious effects on physiological and immune functions. In piglets, there is an acute 10-fold increase of plasma concentrations of homocysteine (pHcy) during the first 2 wk of life. This project aimed to maximize pHcy variations within physiological ranges using typical supplies of folates and vitamin B-12 (B-12) to sows and piglets. Growth, immune response, and Hcy metabolism of piglets were studied until piglets reached 56 d of age. Third-parity sows were randomly assigned to a 2 x 2 split-plot design with 2 dietary treatments during gestation and lactation, S- (1 mg/kg folates and 20 mu g/kg B-12, n = 15) and S+ (10-fold S- levels, n = 16), and 2 treatments to piglets within each half litter, intramuscular injections (150 mu g) of B-12 (P+) at d 1 and 21 (weaning) and saline (P-). Within each litter of 12 piglets, 3 P+ and 3 P- piglets were studied for growth and Hcy metabolism, and the others were studied for immune responses. During lactation, plasma B-12 decreased and was transiently greater in S+ vs. Spiglets on d 1 and P+ vs. P-piglets on d 7 (sow treatment x age and piglet treatment x age; P < 0.05). From 14 to 21 d of age, pHcy was 33% lower in S+ P+ vs. S- P- piglets (sow treatment x piglet treatment interac-tion; P < 0.05). At 56 d of age, hepatic B-12 was greater and pHcy was lower for P+ vs. P-piglets (P < 0.05). No treatment effect was observed on growth except for a lower postweaning G: F in S+ P- piglets than in others (sow treatment x piglet treatment interaction; P < 0.05). Positive correlations were observed between pHcy and growth (r > 0.29, P < 0.05) before and after weaning. Antibody responses to ovalbumin and serum tumor necrosis factor-a were not affected by treatments, but postweaning serum IL-8 peaked earlier in S- P- vs. S+ P+ piglets (piglet treatment x age; sow treatment x piglet treatment interaction, P < 0.05). Proliferation of lymphocytes in response to the mitogen concanavalin A tended to be lower in culture media supplemented with sera from S- vs. S+ piglets (P = 0.081) and P- vs. P+ piglets (P = 0.098), and the reduction of response was more marked (P < 0.05) with high (> 21 mu M) compared to medium (17 to 21 mu M) or low (< 17 mu M) pHcy. In conclusion, the present vitamin supplements to sows and/or piglets produced variations of pHcy that were not apparently harmful for growth performance of piglets. The greater pHcy, particularly prevalent in S- and/or P- piglets, had negative effects on some indicators of immune responses, suggesting that these young animals may be immunologically more fragile.
Fusidic acid in skin infections and infected atopic eczema; Skin infections represent an important public health issue and cost-driver. Additionally, chronic skin lesions are sometimes colonized by Gram-negative species. Topical therapies are a key component in the management of mild-to-moderate skin infections. In such cases, topical antibiotics may be preferable to systemic treatment, since they maximize the effective doses at the site of infection while minimizing the systemic side effects of the drugs. However, the prevalence of resistant strains is steadily increasing and cases of sensitization are not uncommon. As a consequence, the ideal topical antibiotic should be selective (thus, minimizing cross-resistance), have weak sensitization potential, penetrate the skin efficiently, reach adequate local doses at the site of infection, and finally be available in different formulations matching patients' preferences and needs. Fusidic acid (FA) is a selective antibiotic available in several topical formulations. Pharmaco-kinetic and pharmacodynamic studies have shown that, contrary to other topical antibiotics such as gentamicin or mupirocin, FA reaches high antimicrobial concentration at deep skin layers after topical application either on intact or damaged epidermis. Several randomized controlled trials demonstrated that FA, in its various topical formulations, is very effective in treating skin infections, given its high bactericidal activity against S. aureus (including strains resistant to penicillin, methicillin, ampicillin, cloxacillin), S. epidermidis, Streptococcus pyogenes, Propionibacterium acnes, Corinebatteria, Clostridia. Additionally, FA presents a low risk of resistance even in methicillin-resistant S. aureus strains, a common pathogen implied in the etiology of skin infections and infected atopic eczema. Such feature makes FA particularly useful in the management of these medical conditions. Finally, possibly due to its large steric effect, FA has proved a very low risk of contact sensitization. Overall, data on FA efficacy, safety, sensitization potential, resistance profile and spectrum selectivity make it a first-choice option in the treatment of primary and secondary skin infection.
Effect of Blend of Essential Oils on Growth Performance, Carcass Characteristics, Meat Quality, Intestinal Morphology, Serum Biochemistry, and Immune Response of Broiler Chickens; The purpose of this study was to assess the impact of a blend of essential oils from eucalyptus, citrus, bromohexene HCl, thymole and camphor on the growth performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality, intestinal morphology, serum biochemistry, and immune response of broiler chickens. A total of 240 day-old chicks were divided into four groups, each with six replicates containing ten birds. The experiment was conducted under a completely randomized design (CRD). Different concentrations of the oil blend (0mL/kg, 0.15mL/ kg, 0.30mL/kg and 0.45mL/kg) were added to the diet. The findings showed that, in comparison to the other groups, the birds that were given a blend of essential oils at concentrations of 0.30 and 0.45 mL/ kg showed improved weight gain, feed efficiency, carcass yield, villus height, crypt depth, and greater immune response against Newcastle disease vaccination (p<0.05). Nonetheless, there was no statistically significant difference in the yields of the breast and thighs, feed consumption, mortality, weights of the liver, wing, heart, and gizzard, or abdominal fat between the treatments. The addition of a blend of essential oils at the doses of 0.30 and 0.45 mL/kg significantly lowered the pH of the meat in comparison to the other groups (p<0.05). All blood biochemical markers, including total serum protein, albumin, globulin, glucose, cholesterol, triglyceride, and uric acid, revealed no variations between the treatments. In conclusion, adding 0.30mL/kg of a blend of essential oils to broiler diets may be the optimum level to improve overall performance without adversely affecting the blood biochemical profile.
Can a Statin Neutralize the Cardiovascular Risk of Unhealthy Dietary Choices?; The cardiovascular risk reduction associated with different statins for the prevention of cardiovascular disease and the cardiovascular risk increase associated with excess dietary intake of fat have been quantified. However, these relative risks have never been directly juxtaposed to determine whether an increase in relative risk by 1 activity could be neutralized by an opposing change in relative risk from a second activity. The investigators compared the increase in relative risk for cardiovascular disease associated with the total fat and trans fat content of fast foods against the relative risk decrease provided by daily statin consumption from a meta-analysis of statins in primary prevention of coronary artery disease (7 randomized controlled trials including 42,848 patients). The risk reduction associated with the daily consumption of most statins, with the exception of pravastatin, is more powerful than the risk increase caused by the daily extra fat intake associated with a 7-oz hamburger (Quarter Pounder (R)) with cheese and a small milkshake. In conclusion, statin therapy can neutralize the cardiovascular risk caused by harmful diet choices. In other spheres of human activity, individuals choosing risky pursuits (motorcycling, smoking, driving) are advised or compelled to use measures to minimize the risk (safety equipment, filters, seatbelts). Likewise, some individuals eat unhealthily. Routine accessibility of statins in establishments providing unhealthy food might be a rational modern means to offset the cardiovascular risk. Fast food outlets already offer free condiments to supplement meals. A free statin-containing accompaniment would offer cardiovascular benefits, opposite to the effects of equally available salt, sugar, and high-fat condiments. Although no substitute for systematic lifestyle improvements, including healthy diet, regular exercise, weight loss, and smoking cessation, complimentary statin packets would add, at little cost, 1 positive choice to a panoply of negative ones. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2010;106:587-592)
Effects of a Mediterranean Diet Intervention on Anti- and Pro-Inflammatory Eicosanoids, Epithelial Proliferation, and Nuclear Morphology in Biopsies of Normal Colon Tissue; This randomized trial evaluated the effects of intervention with either a Healthy Eating or a Mediterranean diet on colon biomarkers in 120 healthy individuals at increased colon cancer risk. The hypothesis was that eicosanoids and markers of proliferation would be favorably affected by the Mediterranean diet. Colon epithelial biopsy tissues and blood samples were obtained at baseline and after 6 mo of intervention. Colonic eicosanoid concentrations were evaluated by HPLC-MS-MS, and measures of epithelial proliferation and nuclear morphology were evaluated by image analysis of biopsy sections. There was little change in proinflammatory eicosanoids and in plasma cytokine concentrations with either dietary intervention. There was, however, a 50% increase in colonic prostaglandin E-3 (PGE(3)), which is formed from eicosapentanoic acid, in the Mediterranean arm. Unlike PGE(2), PGE(3), was not significantly affected by regular use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs at baseline, and normal weight subjects had significantly higher colon PGE(3) than overweight or obese subjects. Increased proliferation in the colon at baseline, by Ki67 labeling, was associated with morphological features that defined smaller nuclei in the epithelial cells, lower colon leukotriene concentrations and higher plasma cytokine concentrations. Dietary intervention had little effect on measures of epithelial proliferation or of nuclear morphology. The increase in PGE(3) with a Mediterranean diet indicates that in normal colon, diet might affect protective pathways to a greater extent than proinflammatory and proliferative pathways. Hence, biomarkers from cancer models might not be relevant in a true prevention setting.
Exposure to cytomegalovirus from the donated organ is a risk factor for bacteremia in orthotopic liver transplant recipients; To define predictors of bacteremia and to assess the potential role of exposure to cytomegalovirus (CMV) as a risk factor for bacteremia in liver transplant recipients, an intention-to-treat analysis of data for 146 orthotopic liver transplant recipients who participated in a multicenter, randomized, intervention trial was undertaken. Fifty-eight episodes of bacteremia occurred in 40 (27.4%) of 146 patients within 1 year after transplantation. Bacteremia was diagnosed a median of 39.5 days (range, 1-325 days) after transplantation. One-year mortality rates were higher among patients with bacteremia than among those without bacteremia (47.5% [19 of 40] vs. 18% [19 of 106], respectively; P = .001). A time-dependent multivariate analysis of variables that were significantly (P less than or equal to .05) associated with bacteremia in the univariate analysis showed that donor CMV seropositivity (relative risk [RR], 3.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.6-6.6; P = .0005), age of younger than 16 years (RR, 2.6; 95% CT, 1.3-5.2; P < .0059), and a major abdominal operation after transplantation excluding retransplantation (RR, 3.8; 95% CI, 1.8-8.0; P = .0004) were independently associated with bacteremia. These epidemiologic data suggest that exposure to CMV from the donated organ is an independent risk factor for bacteremia in orthotopic liver transplant recipients.
Silibinin and SARS-CoV-2: Dual Targeting of Host Cytokine Storm and Virus Replication Machinery for Clinical Management of COVID-19 Patients; COVID-19, the illness caused by infection with the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, is a rapidly spreading global pandemic in urgent need of effective treatments. Here we present a comprehensive examination of the host- and virus-targeted functions of the flavonolignan silibinin, a potential drug candidate against COVID-19/SARS-CoV-2. As a direct inhibitor of STAT3-a master checkpoint regulator of inflammatory cytokine signaling and immune response-silibinin might be expected to phenotypically integrate the mechanisms of action of IL-6-targeted monoclonal antibodies and pan-JAK1/2 inhibitors to limit the cytokine storm and T-cell lymphopenia in the clinical setting of severe COVID-19. As a computationally predicted, remdesivir-like inhibitor of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp)-the central component of the replication/transcription machinery of SARS-CoV-2-silibinin is expected to reduce viral load and impede delayed interferon responses. The dual ability of silibinin to target both the host cytokine storm and the virus replication machinery provides a strong rationale for the clinical testing of silibinin against the COVID-19 global public health emergency. A randomized, open-label, phase II multicentric clinical trial (SIL-COVID19) will evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of silibinin in the prevention of acute respiratory distress syndrome in moderate-to-severe COVID-19-positive onco-hematological patients at the Catalan Institute of Oncology in Catalonia, Spain.
Biomarkers, immune responses and cellular changes in vaccinated and non-vaccinated goats during experimental infection of M. haemolytica A2 under tropical conditions; Background: We investigated the biomarkers, immune responses and cellular changes in vaccinated and nonvaccinated goats experimentally challenged with M. haemolytica serotype A2 under rainy and hot tropical conditions. A total of twenty-four clinically healthy, non-pregnant, female goats randomly allocated to 2 groups of 12 goats each were used for the study. The 12 goats in each season were subdivided into three groups (n = 4), which served as the control (G-NEG), non-vaccinated (G-POS), and vaccinated (G-VACC). In week-1, the G-VACC received 2 mL of alum-precipitated pasteurellosis vaccine while G-POS and G-NEG received 2 ml of sterile PBS. In week 2, the G-POS and G-VACC received 1 mL intranasal spray containing 105 CFU of M. haemolytica serotype A2. Inoculation was followed by daily monitoring and weekly bleeding for eight weeks to collect data and serum for biomarkers and immune responses using commercial ELISA test kits. The goats were humanely euthanised at the end of the experiments to collect lungs and the submandibular lymph nodes tissue samples for gross and histopathological examinations.
Diet, gut microbiome and indoxyl sulphate in chronic kidney disease patients; Emerging evidence suggests that intestinal dysbiosis plays an important role in host inflammation locally and systemically. Such pathological condition is even more prevailing in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Of note, indoxyl sulphate (IS), a gut-derived uremic toxin, is notorious for its pro-inflammatory feature in CKD patients. IS accumulates in the body as the urinary excretion of uremic toxins is impaired, and further worsens the kidney function in a vicious cycle to CKD. Dietary restriction in vegetables, fruits and yogurt leads to the predominance of indole-producing intestinal microbial flora and further exaggerates the accumulation of IS in CKD patients. Recently, interventional studies have shown that circulating IS can be reduced by dietary prebiotic and/or probiotic supplements. However, further randomized controlled trials are warranted to examine whether such beneficial effect of dietary prebiotic/probiotic supplements could be extrapolated to better hard outcomes in CKD population. In this review, we would also like to emphasize the importance of achieving sufficient intake of dietary fibre by proper vegetable pre-treatment and accurate fruit selection, instead of directly avoiding these potassium-rich yet fibre-rich and base-producing foods.
Diagnosis and Early Prediction of Lymphoma Using HighThroughput Clonality Analysis of Bovine Leukemia VirusInfected Cells; Bovine leukemia virus (BLV), a retrovirus, infects B cells of ruminants and is integrated into the host genome as a provirus for lifelong infection. After a long latent period, 1% to 5% of BLV-infected cattle develop aggressive lymphoma, enzootic bovine leukosis (EBL). Since the clonal expansion of BLV-infected cells is essential for the development of EBL, the clonality of proviral integration sites could be a molecular marker for diagnosis and early prediction of EBL. Recently, we developed Rapid Amplification of the Integration Site without Interference by Genomic DNA Contamination (RAISING) and an analysis software of clonality value (CLOVA) to analyze the clonality of transgene-integrated cells. RAISING-CLOVA is capable of assessing the risk of adult T-cell leukemia/ lymphoma development in human T-cell leukemia virus-I-infected individuals through the clonality analysis of proviral integration sites. Thus, we herein examined the performance of RAISING-CLOVA for the clonality analysis of BLV-infected cells and conducted a comprehensive clonality analysis by RAISING-CLOVA in EBL and non-EBL cattle. RAISINGCLOVA targeting BLV was a highly accurate and reproducible method for measuring the clonality value. The comprehensive clonality analysis successfully distinguished EBL from non-EBL specimens with high sensitivity and specificity. A longitudinal clonality analysis in BLV-infected sheep, an experimental model of lymphoma, also confirmed the effectiveness of RAISING-CLOVA for early detection of EBL development. Therefore, our study emphasizes the usefulness of RAISING-CLOVA as a routine clinical test for monitoring virus-related cancers.
Silymarin: A review of its clinical properties in the management of hepatic disorders; The mechanisms of action of silymarin involve different biochemical events, such as the stimulation of the synthetic rate of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) species through stimulation of polymerise I and rRNA transcription, protecting the cell membrane from radical-induced damage and blockage of the uptake of toxins such as alpha -amanitin.
Effects of Supplemental Calcium Propionate and Concentrate Level: Growth Performance, Body Fat Reserves, and Health of High-Risk Beef Calves; During the reception stage, received beef calves are considered "high risk", experiencing low feed intake, which leads to negative energy balance and increased susceptibility to diseases. This can result in high morbidity and mortality and substantial economic losses. For this reason, the primary goal at receiving is to boost nutrient intake, which can be accomplished by enhancing the energy content of the diet. This can be achieved by increasing levels of concentrate (CON), along with calcium propionate (CaPr) at daily doses of 20 g/hd/d. The findings suggest a daily CaPr supplementation of 20 g and a CON level of 50% over a period of 42 d significantly enhances growth performance, dietary utilization, and economic return in high-risk calves. Abstract The aim of this study was to examine the impact of daily calcium propionate (CaPr) supplementation (0 or 20 g/calf) on growth performance, dietary energetics, body fat reserves, serum metabolites, and hematological responses in high-risk beef calves fed diets with varying (50, 60, or 70%) concentrate (CON) levels. In addition, a cost/income analysis of CaPr supplementation was carried out. Forty-eight crossbred bull calves (152.8 +/- 1.56 kg body weight and 5.5 months of age) were involved in a fully randomized experimental design employing a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement of treatments. Calves were allocated (n = 8 per treatment) to individual pens (3.14 x 5.25 m) and were subjected to one of the following treatments during 42 d: No CaPr supplementation in diets containing 50, 60, or 70% CON (NoCaPr + 50, NoCaPr + 60, NoCaPr + 70, respectively) or daily CaPr supplementation dosed at 20 g/calf in diets containing 50, 60, or 70% CON (20CaPr + 50, 20CaPr + 60, 20CaPr + 70, respectively). Non-supplemented calves exhibited decreased dry matter intake (DMI) with increasing CON levels in their diets, while CaPr-supplemented calves displayed the opposite effect (interaction, p = 0.04). In calves fed a lower-CON diet (50%), those supplemented with CaPr showed greater average daily gain (ADG, 20.2%, p = 0.05) and lower DMI (2.2%, p = 0.03), resulting in improved ADG/DMI ratio, dietary energy, and energy retention (24.6, 14.4, and 18%, p < 0.05). These effects diminished when calves received diets with 60 or 70% CON but led to a 14.2% increase in rump fat thickness (p = 0.04). Only in non-supplemented CaPr calves, increasing the level of CON from 50 to 70% in the diet increased ADG (21.2%), decreased DMI (2.2%), and improved the ADG/DMI ratio (22.7%), with no impact on dietary net energy utilization. Non-supplemented calves exhibited an increase in lymphocytes as CON levels rose in their diets, whereas CaPr-supplemented calves showed the opposite effect (interaction, p = 0.05). Supplementation of CaPr decreased total protein (TP, p = 0.03) and albumin (ALB, p < 0.01) serum concentrations, with lower concentrations observed in 20CaPr + 50. CaPr supplementation reduced (p = 0.01) total cholesterol (TCHO) levels. An interaction between CaPr and CON level (p = 0.02) was observed since TCHO levels remained consistently low at higher CON levels. Glucose was decreased with increasing levels of CON (p = 0.02) but not (p = 0.85) for CaPr-supplemented calves. NoCaPr + 50 and NoCaPr + 70 increased (p = 0.05) ALB concentration. Gamma glutamyltransferase levels increased (p = 0.05) with increasing CON levels irrespective of CaPr supplementation.
Efficacy of a supplemental candy coproduct as an alternative carbohydrate source to lactose on growth performance of newly weaned pigs in a commercial farm condition; The experiment investigated the effects of a supplemental candy coproduct (Chocolate Candy Feed [CCF]; International Ingredient Corp., St. Louis, MO), an alternative carbohydrate source to dietary lactose, on growth performance and on health status of nursery pigs. Crossbred pigs (n = 1,408; 21 d of age and 7.1 +/- 0.3 kg BW; Smithfield Premium Genetics, Rose Hill, NC) were randomly assigned to 4 treatments (16 pens/treatment and 22 pigs/pen) in a randomized complete block design: 0, 15, 30, and 45% of lactose replaced by CCF based on equal amounts of total sugars. The experimental period was divided into 3 phases: phase I (1.8 kg diet/pig for 11 +/- 1 d), phase II (6.8 kg diet/pig for 17 +/- 2 d), and phase III (until 49 d after weaning). Pigs received a common phase III diet. The levels of lactose, supplied by whey permeate (79.3 +/- 0.8% lactose), were 20, 8, and 0% in phase I, II, and III, respectively. All experimental diets contained the same levels of essential AA and energy (ME) for each phase. Fecal scores were observed on d 5, 7, and 9 after weaning. Blood samples were taken at the end of phase I and II to measure blood urea N. The duration of phase I tended to linearly decrease (P = 0.063) with increasing CCF. In phase I, the ADFI increased (P < 0.05) with increasing CCF whereas ADG and G: F did not change. In phase II, the duration and ADFI did not change whereas ADG linearly decreased (P < 0.05) with increasing CCF. However, the G: F was not changed as CCF increased. During phase I and II together, the duration was linearly decreased (P < 0.05) as CCF increased, whereas no difference in growth performance was observed. Overall, ADFI, ADG, and G: F were not affected by replacing whey permeate with CCF in diets, indicating no adverse effects of a candy coproduct as a carbohydrate substitute to lactose on growth performance of nursery pigs. Blood urea N did not change in phase I but tended to linearly increase (P = 0.088) in phase II as CCF increased. There were no differences in fecal scores and mortality as CCF increased. However, increasing CCF tended to linearly decrease (P = 0.083) morbidity, which implies no adverse effects of a candy coproduct replacement on health status of nursery pigs. In conclusion, a candy coproduct can be used to replace up to 45% of dietary lactose for nursery pigs without negative effects on growth performance or health status. A candy coproduct could be an economical alternative to partly replace the use of lactose in swine production.
Effects of feeding fish oil on mesenteric lymph node cytokine responses in obese leptin receptor-deficient JCR:LA-<i>cp</i> rats; Objective: Aberrant immune responses have been identified in obesity; however, immune cells of lymph nodes residing in the inflammatory environment of visceral adipose tissue have been largely overlooked. Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) can reduce inflammation and modify T-cell function and therefore may improve immune function in obesity. Thus, we determined the effects of feeding fish oil (FO) containing EPA and DHA on mesenteric lymph node (MLN) immune cell function.
Income inequality and health: Lessons from a refugee residential assignment program; This paper examines the effect of income inequality on health for a group of particularly disadvantaged individuals: refugees. Our analysis draws on longitudinal hospitalization records coupled with a settlement policy where Swedish authorities assigned newly arrived refugees to their first area of residence. The policy was implemented in a way that provides a source of plausibly random variation in initial location. The results reveal no statistically significant effect of income inequality on the risk of being hospitalized. This finding holds also for most population subgroups and when separating between different types of diagnoses. Our estimates are precise enough to rule out large effects of income inequality on health. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Analysis of Fecal Microbial Changes in Young Calves Following Bovine Rotavirus Infection; We conducted a metataxonomic analysis to compare the taxonomic composition and functional profile of the fecal microbiota in healthy and diarrheic calves across three clinical periods, aiming to gain a better understanding of the changes. The findings here might provide information about pathogenic microbiota in diarrheic calves, which were found to be more enriched than in healthy calves.
Social group size affects <i>Mycobacterium bovis</i> infection in European badgers (<i>Meles meles</i>); In most social animals, the prevalence of directly transmitted pathogens increases in larger groups and at higher population densities. Such patterns are predicted by models of Mycobacterium bovis infection in European badgers (Meles meles).
A tailored internet-plus-email intervention for increasing physical activity among ethnically-diverse women; Objective. To evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of an individually tailored, Internet-plus-email physical activity intervention designed for adult women.
Nutrimiromics: Role of microRNAs and Nutrition in Modulating Inflammation and Chronic Diseases; Nutrimiromics studies the influence of the diet on the modification of gene expression due to epigenetic processes related to microRNAs (miRNAs), which may affect the risk for the development of chronic diseases. miRNAs are a class of non-coding endogenous RNA molecules that are usually involved in post-transcriptional gene silencing by inducing mRNA degradation or translational repression by binding to a target messenger RNA. They can be controlled by environmental and dietary factors, particularly by isolated nutrients or bioactive compounds, indicating that diet manipulation may hold promise as a therapeutic approach in modulating the risk of chronic diseases. This review summarizes the evidence regarding the influence of nutrients and bioactive compounds on the expression of miRNAs related to inflammation and chronic disease in several models (cell culture, animal models, and human trials).
Red and processed meat intake and risk of colorectal adenomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies; Current evidence indicates that red and processed meat intake increases the risk of colorectal cancer; however, the association with colorectal adenomas is unclear.
MARGINAL MAXIMUM-LIKELIHOOD-ESTIMATION OF VARIANCE-COMPONENTS IN POISSON MIXED MODELS USING LAPLACIAN INTEGRATION; An algorithm for computing marginal maximum likelihood (MML) estimates of variance components in Poisson mixed models is presented. A Laplacian approximation is used to integrate fixed and random effects out of the joint posterior density of all parameters. This approximation is found to be identical to that invoked in the more commonly used expectation-maximization type algorithm for MML. Numerically, however, a different sequence of iterates is obtained, although the same variance component estimates should result. The Laplacian algorithm is precisely DFREML (derivative free REML) optimization when applied to normally distributed data, and could then be termed DFMML (derivative-free marginal maximum likelihood). Because DFMML is based on an approximation to the marginal likelihood of the variance components, it provides a mechanism for testing hypotheses about such components via posterior odds ratios or marginal likelihood ratio tests. Also, asymptotic posterior standard errors of the variance components can be computed with DFMML. A Tierney-Kadane procedure for computing the posterior mean of a variance component is also developed; however, it requires 2 joint maximizations, and consequently may not be expected to perform well in many linear and non-linear mixed models. An example of a Poisson model is presented in which the null estimate commonly found when jointly estimating variance components with fixed and random effects is observed; thus, the Tierney-Kadane procedure for computing the posterior mean failed. On the other hand, the Laplacian method succeeded in locating the mode of the marginal distribution of the variance component in a Bayesian model with flat priors for fixed effects and variance components; that is, the MML estimate.
In Vivo Reflectance Confocal Microscopy as a Response Monitoring Tool for Actinic Keratoses Undergoing Cryotherapy and Photodynamic Therapy; Simple Summary
Establishing the Link Between Lean Mass and Grip Strength Cut Points With Mobility Disability and Other Health Outcomes: Proceedings of the Sarcopenia Definition and Outcomes Consortium Conference; Background: Lack of consensus on how to diagnose sarcopenia has limited the ability to diagnose this condition and hindered drug development. The Sarcopenia Definitions and Outcomes Consortium (SDOC) was formed to develop evidence-based diagnostic cut points for lean mass and/or muscle strength that identify people at increased risk of mobility disability. We describe here the proceedings of a meeting of SDOC and other experts to discuss strategic considerations in the development of evidence-based sarcopenia definition.
Use of Nutritional Information in Canada: National Trends between 2004 and 2008; Objective: To examine longitudinal trends in use of nutrition information among Canadians.
CO-OCCURRENCE OF AFLATOXINS, OCHRATOXIN A, FUMONISINS, AND ZEARALENONE IN CEREALS AND FEED, DETERMINED BY COMPETITIVE DIRECT ENZYME-LINKED IMMUNOSORBENT ASSAY AND THIN-LAYER CHROMATOGRAPHY; Aspergillus, Penicillium, and Fusarium species frequently contaminate crops. For this reason mycotoxins such as aflatoxins (AFs), ochratoxin A (OTA), fumonisins (FBs), and zearalenone (ZEA) are found in food and feed in a wide range of concentrations, depending on environmental and storage conditions. Consumption of mycotoxin-contaminated food and feed has been associated with acute and chronic poisoning and carcinoma. The aim of this study was to determine the incidence and co-occurrence of AFs (B-1+B-2+G(1)+G(2)), OTA, FBs (B-1+B-2+B-3), and ZEA in 37 samples of cereals and feed randomly collected in 2007 from households of an endemic nephropathy (EN) area in Croatia. The mycotoxins were determined using the competitive direct ELISA test (CD-ELISA) in combination with thin-layer chromatography (TLC). The most frequent mycotoxin was ZEA (92%, mean 318.3 mu g kg(-1)), followed by FBs (27%, 3690 mu g kg(-1)), AFs (24.3%, 4.6 mu g kg(-1)), and OTA (16.2%, 9.8 mu g kg(-1)). Levels of AFs, ZEA, and FBs detected by CD-ELISA significantly correlated with the TLC results. However, only one OTA-positive sample was confirmed by TLC due to its high limit of detection. The levels of these mycotoxins were below the permissible limit for animal feed. Twenty-nine percent of cereals were contaminated with FBs, OTA, or ZEA in mass fractions above the permissible limit for humans. Co-occurrence of two toxins varied between 4.2% and 54% and of three between 4.2% and 7.6%. Prolonged co-exposure to AFs, OTA, FBs, and ZEA might increase the risk of various chronic diseases.
Machine learning-derived major adverse event prediction of patients undergoing transvenous lead extraction: Using the ESC EHRA EORP European lead extraction ConTRolled ELECTRa registry; BACKGROUND Transvenous lead extraction (TLE) remains a high-risk procedure.
Comparison of a carbohydrate-rich diet and diets rich in stearic of palmitic acid in NIDDM patients - Effects on lipids, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure; OBJECTIVE - To compare the effects on lipid levels, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure of two diets rich in one of the two quantitatively most important saturated fatty acids, stearic and palmitic acid, with a carbohydrate-rich diet in NIDDM patients.
Dietary habits and psychosocial factors as a risk for development of coronary heart disease in Bulgarian women; There are common risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in female and male sex but also some differences in their risk profile. Aim: to explore the diet of Bulgarian healthy women and their psychosocial status in conditions of economic transition. Material and methods Random population sample of 146 women free of cardiovascular diseases at mean age 58.14+/-8.75 years was studied. All participants were interviewed extensively for smoking and dietary habits, economic changes, the effect of stress and psychological factors, etc. To determine the type of personality a standard Framingham score was used. Results. Only 16% of the participants consume fish at least once a week. Fresh vegetables and fruits in winter arc limited to less than 10% of the sample. Yogurt and white cheese are common in the everyday menu - 68% and 65% respectively. Salt consumption is evenly distributed across the quartiles of systolic blood pressure. The financial status has worsened in 75% of the women. The everyday stress is considered moderate to high by 62% of the females. 70% has defined themselves as type A personality. Conclusions. The protective food products such as fish, fruits and vegetables are undervalued in the diet of the studied women, either due to financial constraints or because of acquired bad habits. The women in Bulgaria consider stress and financial difficulties important factors in their everyday life.
Topical corticosteroid therapy for acute radiation dermatitis: a prospective, randomized, double-blind study; Background Radiation dermatitis is a common side-effect of radiation therapy, but there is no current consensus about its appropriate therapy.
Lidocaine Suppository for Transrectal Ultrasound-Guided Biopsy of the Prostate: A Prospective, Double-Blind, Randomized Study; Aims: To investigate analgesia using lidocaine suppositories for prostate biopsy. Methods: From 2007 to 2009, 160 patients underwent transrectal ultrasound-guided prostate biopsy at the Department of Urology, KBC Zagreb. 80 patients received a 60-mg lidocaine suppository intrarectally at different time points from 15 to 120 min before biopsy and 80 patients received a glycerin suppository as placebo. The pain level was evaluated using a visual analogue scale (VAS). Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups, i.e. they were similar regarding patients' age, prostate-specific antigen levels, prostate volume and the incidence of diagnosis of malignancy on biopsy. The mean pain score in the lidocaine group (3 +/- 1) was significantly lower than the mean pain score in the glycerin group (4.1 +/- 1.3) (p < 0.001). A noticeable trend towards lower pain scores in the lidocaine group was observed with more time elapsing from placing the suppository till the biopsy and the optimal time for performing biopsy starting approximately 1 h after placing the suppository. Conclusions: Lidocaine suppositories are an easy-to-use, self-applicable (by the patient) and cheap method of local analgesia, with acceptable results. Possible complications related to this procedure are insignificant. Copyright (C) 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel
Ingenol Mebutate Gel for Actinic Keratosis; BACKGROUND
A systematic review of interventions in the early course of bipolar disorder I or II: a report of the International Society for Bipolar Disorders Taskforce on early intervention; Background: Given the likelihood of progressive illness in bipolar disorder (BD), it is important to understand the benefits and risks of interventions administered early in illness course. We conducted a systematic review of the effectiveness of interventions in the early course of BD I or II. Methods: We completed a systematic search on MEDLINE, PsycINFO, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CINAHL and Google Scholar from 1/1/1979 till 14/9/2022. We included controlled trials examining intervention effects on symptomatic, course, functional and tolerability outcomes of patients in the 'early course' of BD I or II. We classified patients to be in early course if they (a) were seeking help for the first time for a manic episode, (b) had a lifetime history of up to 3 manic episodes, or (c) had up to 6 lifetime mood episodes. Evidence quality was assessed using the GRADE approach. Results: From 4135 unique publications we included 25 reports representing 2212 participants in 16 randomized studies, and 17,714 participants from nine non-randomized studies. Available evidence suggested that in early illness course, lithium use was associated with lower recurrence risk compared with other mood stabilizers. Mood stabilizers were also associated with better global functioning, compared with the use of antipsychotics in the medium term. While summative findings regarding psychological therapies were limited by heterogeneity, family-focused and cognitive-behavioral interventions were associated with reduced recurrence risk or improved symptomatic outcomes. There was some evidence that the same pharmacological interventions were more efficacious in preventing recurrences when utilized in earlier rather than later illness course. Conclusions and recommendations: While there are promising initial findings, there is a need for more adequately powered trials to examine the efficacy and tolerability of interventions in youth and adults in early illness course. Specifically, there is a compelling need to compare the relative benefits of lithium with other pharmacological agents in preventing recurrences. In addition to symptomatic outcomes, there should be a greater focus on functional impact and tolerability. Effective pharmacological and psychological interventions should be offered to those in early course of BD, balancing potential risks using shared decision-making approaches.
Probiotics improve the efficacy of standard triple therapy in the eradication of <i>Helicobacter pylori</i>: a meta-analysis; Introduction: Helicobacter pylori colonization is present in half of the world's population and can lead to numerous gastrointestinal diseases if left untreated, including peptic ulcer disease and gastric cancer. Although concurrent triple therapy remains the recommended treatment regimen for H. pylori eradication, its success rate and efficacy have been declining. Recent studies have shown that the addition of probiotics can significantly increase eradication rates by up to 50%. This meta-analysis examines the impact of probiotic supplementation on the efficacy of standard triple therapy in eradicating H. pylori.
Effects of Soy-Whey Protein Nutritional Supplementation on Hematopoiesis and Immune Reconstitution in an Allogeneic Transplanted Mice; Profound malnutrition and immunodeficiency are serious negative effects of radiotherapy and bone marrow transplantation for hematologic malignancy patients. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of nutritional supplementation with a soy-whey protein mixture on hematopoietic and immune reconstitution in an allogeneic transplant mouse model. Male BALB/c (H-2Kd) mice, 6-8 weeks-old, were divided randomly into five groups and then provided with different protein nutrition support. After 28 days, blood samples, bone marrow, spleen, and thymus were harvested to measure the effects. The results showed that soy-whey blended protein supplements promoted hematopoietic stem cell engraftment, body weight recovery, and the recovery of white blood cells, lymphocytes, and neutrophils; triggered the expansion of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cell pools by increasing the numbers of the c-kit(+) progenitor, Lin-Sca1(+)c-kit(+), short-term hematopoietic stem cells, and multipotent progenitors; enhanced thymus re-establishment and splenic subset recovery in both organ index and absolute number; improved overall nutritional status by increasing total serum protein, albumin, and globulin; protected the liver from radiation-induced injury, and increased antioxidant capacity as indicated by lower concentrations of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, malondialdehyde, and 4-hydroxynonenal. This study indicated that soy-whey blended protein as important nutrients, from both plant and animal sources, had a greater positive effect on patients with hematological malignancies to accelerate hematopoiesis and immune reconstitution after bone marrow transplantation.
Effects of fructo-oligosaccharides ingestion on fecal bifidobacteria and selected metabolic indexes of colon carcinogenesis in healthy humans; Fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) are a mixture of oligosaccharides consisting of glucose linked to fructose units. They are not digested in the human small intestine but fermented in the colon, where they could specifically promote the growth of some species of the indigenous microflora, especially bifidobacteria. We assessed in healthy humans the effects of FOS ingestion on fecal bifidobacteria and selected metabolic indexes potentially involved in colonic carcinogenesis. Twenty volunteers randomly divined into two groups were studied for three consecutive 12-day periods. During the ingestion period, they received 12.5 g/day FOS or placebo (saccharose) in three oral doses. Stools were regularly collected and analyzed. FOS ingestion led to an increase in fecal bifidobacterial counts [7.9 +/- 0.5 to 9.1 +/- 0.3 (SE) log colony-forming units/g wet wt, p < 0.01] and beta-fructosidase activity (9.6 +/- 1.9 to 13.8 +/- 1.9 IU/g dry wt, p < 0.01). In contrast, FOS ingestion had no significant effect on fecal total anaerobes, pH, the activities of nitroreductase, azoreductase, and beta-glucuronidase, and the concentrations of bile acids and neutral sterols. We conclude that ingestion of FOS, at a clinically tolerated dose of 12.5 g/day, led to an increase in colonic bifidobacteria. This effect was not associated in healthy humans with beneficial changes in various factors potentially involved in the pathogenesis of colonic cancer.
Prediction of portal dosimetry quality assurance results using log files-derived errors and machine learning techniques; ObjectiveThis work aims to use machine learning models to predict gamma passing rate of portal dosimetry quality assurance with log file derived features. This allows daily treatment monitoring for patients and reduce wear and tear on EPID detectors to save cost and prevent downtime. Methods578 VMAT trajectory log files selected from prostate, lung and spine SBRT were used in this work. Four machine learning models were explored to identify the best performing regression model for predicting gamma passing rate within each sub-site and the entire unstratified data. Predictors used in these models comprised of hand-crafted log file-derived features as well as modulation complexity score. Cross validation was used to evaluate the model performance in terms of R-2 and RMSE. ResultUsing gamma passing rate of 1%/1mm criteria and entire dataset, LASSO regression has a R-2 of 0.121 +/- 0.005 and RMSE of 4.794 +/- 0.013%, SVM regression has a R-2 of 0.605 +/- 0.036 and RMSE of 3.210 +/- 0.145%, Random Forest regression has a R-2 of 0.940 +/- 0.019 and RMSE of 1.233 +/- 0.197%. XGBoost regression has the best performance with a R-2 and RMSE value of 0.981 +/- 0.015 and 0.652 +/- 0.276%, respectively. ConclusionLog file-derived features can predict gamma passing rate of portal dosimetry with an average error of less than 2% using the 1%/1mm criteria. This model can potentially be applied to predict the patient specific QA results for every treatment fraction.
Worms and welfare: Behavioural and physiological changes associated with gastrointestinal nematode parasitism in lambs; Parasitism with gastrointestinal nematodes (GIN) is a worldwide issue impacting negatively on animal production, health, and welfare. Therefore, early diagnostic signs of parasitism are required to allow for timely interventions. The objective of this study was to evaluate the behavioural and physiological changes in lambs associated with GIN infection. We used 30, 8-month-old Romney-cross wethers, that were administered anthelmintics until faecal egg counts (FEC) were zero and housed in an indoor facility. The study lasted 9 weeks, which comprised a 3-week pre-treatment, and a 6-week treatment phase. Lambs were randomly assigned to one of two treatments (n = 15/treatment) trickle-dosed with: 1) 1500 infective third stage larvae (L3) three days/ week for 6 weeks (27,000 total L3; challenged), or 2) water 3 days/week for 6 weeks (control). Within each pen there were 5 pairs of lambs (balanced for liveweight), with each pair comprising a challenged and control lamb. Blood, faecal, and saliva samples were collected 1 week pre-treatment and weekly for 6 weeks of treatment. Behaviour was observed (e.g., feeding, lying, standing) from video-camera recordings using scan sampling every 5 min for 8 h, 1 day pre-treatment and on the day immediately prior to physiological sampling across the 6-week treatment phase (7 days in total). Accelerometers were attached to each lamb to continuously monitor behaviour from 3 weeks pre-treatment and for the remainder of the study. Liveweight, body condition, faecal soiling and faecal consistency scoring were performed weekly as was lipidomic analysis of plasma samples. From week 2 of treatment, challenged lambs spent less time feeding and more time lying than control lambs until week 5 of treatment (P < 0.01). At week 3 of treatment, elevated lipids (mainly triglycerides and phospholipids), loose faeces and faecal soiling around the anus were observed in challenged lambs compared with controls (P < 0.05). From week 4 of treatment, FEC were elevated in the challenged compared to control lambs (P < 0.05). There was also lower liveweight gain at 4 and 5 weeks of treatment in the challenged lambs compared with control lambs (P < 0.05). These results show a clear timeline of changes in behaviour (e.g., feeding and lying), lipids such as triglycerides, and digestive function (e.g., faecal soiling) suggestive of GIN subclinical disease, which show promise for use in future studies on early identification of subclinical GIN parasitism in lambs.
ESTIMATION OF GENETIC PARAMETERS AND GENETIC TRENDS FOR REPRODUCTIVE TRAITS IN SAANEN GOATS; The study was conducted on Saanen goats raised in Croatia. The object of the study was to determine the average litter size (LS), birth weight (BW) and total litter weight (TLW). The study included a total of 2 500 goats among which 1 786 were phenotyped. A total of 6 349 records for BW and 4 256 records for LS and TLW were used in descriptive and inferential statistical analysis. Determined averages for LS, BW and TLW were 1.74 lambs, 3.27 kg and 5.65 kg, respectively. Twinning and tripling rates were 36.9% and 6.2%. Single-trait analysis under repeatability animal model was used in estimation of variance components and prediction of breeding values. Season (as year-month interaction), age at lambing (as quadratic regression) nested within parity and type of birth were treated as fixed, while herd-year, additive genetic, permanent environmental and residual were treated as random effects, respectively. Investigated environmental effects significantly affected all reproductive traits (p<0.001). The largest phenotype variability among investigated traits was determined for TLW. Additive genetic effect accounted for 7%, 5% and 4% in total variability for LS, BW and TLW, respectively. Genetic trends of reproductive traits were estimated for the period from year 2000 to 2010. A positive genetic trend was determined for LS, a negative genetic trend for BW and genetic stagnation for TLW.
Clinical efficacy of cardiac resynchronization therapy using left ventricular pacing in heart failure patients stratified by severity of ventricular conduction delay; OBJECTIVES
Silibinin Effect on Methotrexate-Induced Hepatotoxicity in Rats; Objective: Hepatotoxicity is one of the major side effects of methotrexate and limits its use. In this study, we investigated the hepatoprotective effect of silibinin and the role of oxidative stress markers and cytokines on high-dose methotrexate-induced hepatotoxicity in rats.
The deposition of conjugated linoleic acids in eggs of laying hens fed diets varying in fat level and fatty acid profile; The objective of this study was to investigate the incorporation of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) into eggs and its effect on the fatty acid metabolism when layers are fed diets with different fat sources and fat levels. Layers were fed either a low fat diet (LF) or one of three high fat diets based on soybean oil (SB), animal fat (AF) or flaxseed oil (FSO). CLA was added at a concentration of 1 g/100 g feed from two different CLA premixes with a different CLA profile. For the trial, 144 laying hens were allocated to 12 treatments (4 basal fat sources x 3 CLA treatments) with 3 replicates of 4 hens each. No significant differences were observed in feed intake, egg weight, feed conversion or laying rate between chickens fed control and CLA-supplemented diets. Differences in yolk fat, cholesterol or yolk color were not clearly related to the dietary CLA. However, the supplementation of CLA to the diets had clear effects on the fatty acid composition, i.e., a decrease in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) and an increase in saturated fatty acids (SFA) was observed, whereas the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) content were essentially unaffected. The results suggest that CLA may influence the activity of the desaturases to a different extent in the synthesis of (n-6) and (n-3) long-chain fatty acids. These effects of CLA depend on the level of (n-6) and (n-3) fatty acids available in the feed. The apparent deposition rate (%) is clearly higher for the c9, t11 isomer than for the t10, c12 isomer. Adding CLA to layers diets rich in (n-3) fatty acids produces eggs that could promote the health of the consumer in terms of a higher intake of (n-3) fatty acids and CLA.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance; Etofenprox is one of the 79 substances of the third stage Part A of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(1). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
Effects of dietary inactivated probiotics on growth performance and immune responses of weaned pigs; This experiment was performed to verify whether dietary heat-killed Lactobacillus rhamnosus (LR) improves growth performance and modulates immune responses of weaned pigs. Ninety-six weaned pigs ([Landrace x Yorkshire] x Duroc; 6.95 +/- 0.25 kg body weight [BW]; 28 d old) were randomly allocated to four treatments: 1) a basal diet without heat-killed LR (CON), 2) T1 (CON with 0.1% heat-killed LR), 3) T2 (CON with 0.2% heat-killed LR), and 4) T3 (CON with 0.4% heat-killed LR). Each treatment had six pens with four pigs (6 replicates per treatment) in a randomized completely block design. The heat-killed LR used in this study contained 1 x 109 FU/g of LR in a commercial product. Pigs were fed each treatment for four weeks using a two-phase feeding program to measure growth performance and frequency of diarrhea. During the last week of this study, all diets contained 0.2% chromic oxide as an indigestible marker. Fecal sampling was performed through rectal palpation for the consecutive three days after the four adaptation days to measure apparent total tract digestibility (ATTD) of dry matter, crude protein, and gross energy (GE). Blood sampling was also performed on day 1, 3, 7, and 14 after weaning to measure immune responses such as serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), C-reactive protein (CRP), and cortisol. The heat-killed LR increased (p < 0.05) growth rate, feed efficiency, and ATTD of GE for overall experimental period compared with CON, but reduced (p < 0.05) post-weaning diarrhea. In addition, pigs fed diets contained heat-killed had lower concentrations of serum TNF-alpha (d 7; p < 0.05), TGF-beta 1 (d 7; p < 0.10), and cortisol (d 3 and 7; p < 0.05) than pigs fed CON. In conclusion, dietary heat-killed LR improved growth rate, modified immune responses of weaned pigs, and alleviated post-weaning diarrhea.
Dietary spray-dried plasma supplementation in late-gestation and lactation enhanced productive performance and immune responses of lactating sows and their litters; The study was conducted to evaluate the effects of spray-dried plasma (SDP) supplementation during late gestation and lactation on productive performance and immune responses of sows and their litters. Twelve sows (227.78 +/- 2.16 kg average body weight; 2.0 average parity) were randomly allotted to two dietary treatments: a basal diet (CON) and the basal diet supplemented with 1% SDP. Sows were fed experimental diets from d 30 before farrowing to weaning of their piglets. Blood samples were collected from sows on d 1, 3, and 7 of lactation and from two randomly selected nursing pigs per litter on d 3 and 7 after birth, and d 1, 3, and 7 after weaning. Productive performance and immune responses of sows and their piglets were measured. There was a trend of less body weight loss in sows supplemented with SDP (p < 0.10) during the lactation period and a trend of greater (p < 0.10) average daily gain in SDP piglets compared to those in the CON group. Sows in the SDP group tended to have lower (p < 0.10) serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), and cortisol on d 3 and lower serum concentration of TNF-alpha on d 7 compared with sows in CON group. In comparison with CON piglets, piglets from SDP sows tended to have lower (p < 0.10) serum concentrations of TNF-alpha, TGF-beta 1, and cortisol on d 7 after birth, lower (p < 0.10) serum TNF-alpha and C-reactive protein on d 3 and 7 after weaning, and greater (p < 0.10) average daily gain after weaning. Moreover, weaned pigs from sows fed SDP had significantly lower (p < 0.05) serum concentrations of cortisol and TGF-beta 1 on d 3 and 7 postweaning, respectively, than CON piglets. In conclusion, SDP supplementation in sow diets from late gestation to weaning improved the productive performance of sows and their offspring; the beneficial effects of SDP may be mediated in part through modulation of immune responses of both sows and piglets.
Controlling energetic intake based on a novel logistic regression model for the metabolic syndrome in a Chinese population; The present study was designed to develop a novel method of energy calculation for controlling energetic intake in patients with the metabolic syndrome. Demographics and dietary data were recorded for 2582 obese subjects. Nutritional education was applied to all the patients. One year later, the data on age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI in subjects who lost >= 5% body weight were entered into a multivariate logistic regression analysis model. Energy requirement was calculated from the results of multivariate logistic regression. Four hundred and thirty-four metabolic syndrome patients were then randomly divided into the treated group (216) and the control group (218). The energetic intake in the experimental group was controlled based on the new energy requirement model. The traditional energy exchange method was used in the control group. The independent factors predicting metabolic syndrome prognosis, such as age, sex, activity intensity coefficient, waistline, environmental temperature and BMI, were identified by multivariate logistic regression analysis. The energy requirement model was then constructed by logistic regression analysis. After 6 months of energetic intake control based on the new model, the parameters of the experimental group were significantly different from those of the controls (all P<0.05): waistline, 89.65 (SD 5.54) v. 91.97 (SD 4.78) cm; BMI, 24.67 (SD 3.54) v. 25.87 (SD 2.65) kg/m(2); fasting blood glucose, 6.9 (SD 3.6) v. 8.7 (SD 4.6) mmol/l; 2 h PG, 8.7 (SD 5.7) v. 10.7 (SD 4.5) mmol/l; HbA(1)c, 7.7 (SD 1.6) v. 8.9 (SD 2.6) %; homoeostasis model insulin resistance index, 3.14 (SD 1.62) v. 4.32 (SD 2.25). The new energy requirement model can effectively improve the clinical outcomes of controlling energetic intake in metabolic syndrome patients.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid differentially alters fatty acid composition and increases conjugated linoleic acid content in porcine adipose tissue; Conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) have been shown to decrease body fat content in pigs. It is possible that feeding pigs diets rich in CLA may increase carcass lipid CLA to levels that could provide health benefits when included as a part of a healthy diet. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to determine whether dietary CLA supplementation has any effect on the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous and intramuscular adipose tissue in pigs. Thirty-five female cross bred (Large White X Landrace) pigs (initial weight 57.2 kg and initial P2 back fat 11.5 mm) were used in the present study. Pigs were housed individually and randomly allocated to one of six dietary treatments (0.00, 1.25, 2.50, 5.00, 7.50 and 10.00 g CLA55 (55 g CLA isomers/100 g total fatty acids; Natural Lipids Ltd, Hovdebygda, Norway)/kg) and fed their respective diets for 8 weeks. Twelve CLA isomers in the diet and in pig tissue lipids were separated by Ag+-HPLC. CLA was incorporated at fivefold higher levels in subcutaneous fat as compared with intramuscular fat and in a dose-dependant manner. Overall, the transfer efficiency of CLA was maximized at 5.00 g CLA55/kg. However, there was clear selectivity in the uptake or incorporation of cis,trans-9.11 isomer over the trans,cis-10,12 isomer. In general, CLA supplementation produced significant changes in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue fatty acid composition, indicating that dietary CLA had a potent affect on lipid transport and metabolism in vivo. Significant increases in myristic, palmitic and palmitoleic acids and a reduction in arachidonic acid were observed, suggesting an alteration in activity of Delta(5)-, Delta(6)- and Delta(9)-desaturases in pig adipose tissue. In conclusion, feeding pigs diets supplemented with CLA increases carcass lipid CLA, but also results in changes in the fatty acid profile in pig fat that could potentially outweigh the benefits of CLA.
Effects of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> supplementation on disease activity and inflammatory cytokines in rheumatoid arthritis patients: a randomized double-blind clinical trial; Aim: The present study aimed at investigating the effects of Lactobacillus casei 01 supplementation on symptoms and inflammatory biomarkers of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in women.
Over-expression of Zip-13 mRNA in kidney and lung during dietary zinc deficiency in Wistar rats; Zinc is an essential nutrient for all organisms, which is involved in the function of numerous key enzymes in metabolism. Two gene families have been identified involved in zinc homeostasis. ZnT transporters reduce intracellular zinc while Zip transporters increase intracellular zinc. Previous studies in our laboratory have shown that Zip-1, ZnT-1, Zip-2 and LIV-1 mRNA are associated with zinc level in established human breast cancer in nude mice model. In this study, six zinc transporters: ZnT-1, ZnT-2, ZnT-4, Zip-1, Zip-8 and Zip-13 were chosen. We aim to determine the relation between zinc transporters and zinc level in kidney and lung of Wistar rats. Eighteen Wistar rats were randomly divided into three groups: normal group, zinc-deficiency group and pair-fed group. After 22 days, the rats were killed and organs samples were taken, then zinc transporters mRNA were detected by RT-PCR. Compared with the normal group, Zip-13 shows an up-regulation (P < 0.05) in zinc-deficiency group both in kidney and lung, and Zip-8 was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in zinc-deficiency group in kidney.
Intraperitoneal 1.5% Delflex improves intestinal blood flow in necrotizing enterocolitis; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) alters intestinal microvascular control mechanisms causing significant vasoconstriction. Our prior work with intraperitoneal 2.5% dextrose solution demonstrated increased intestinal perfusion in experimentally induced NEC. In the current study, we examine whether a buffered solution with lower glucose and osmolar loads similarly increases intestinal blood flow. We hypothesized that buffered 1.5% dextrose solution would increase ileal blood flow compared with baseline in NEC.
Management of actinic keratoses in organ transplant recipients: an update; Transplant recipients are at high risk of developing actinic keratosis (AK) and skin cancer. For this reason, initiating treatment at an early stage is crucial. Topical and systemic therapeutic options for AK have widely been described in studies of immunocompetent patients. However, little is known about AK management in organ transplant recipients (OTR). Photodynamic therapy (PDT), along with imiquimod, topical NSAIDs and topical 5-fluorouracil have been used on ORT patients in small non randomized studies. Although these studies seem to suggest that PDT offers best results, solid evidence is lacking. Nicotinamide and oral retinoids have also been described as reasonably effective preventive treatments in ORT patients. Management of immunosuppressive drugs is also considered as a key point for reducing the number of AK in ORT patients; an early switch for m-tor inhibitors has been shown to be protective while azathioprine, ciclosporin and tacrolimus have been shown to heighten the risk of developing AKs and skin cancer in this population. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Main nutrient patterns are associated with prospective weight change in adults from 10 European countries; Various food patterns have been associated with weight change in adults, but it is unknown which combinations of nutrients may account for such observations. We investigated associations between main nutrient patterns and prospective weight change in adults.
Probiotics, immunomodulation, and health benefits; Probiotics are defined as live microorganisms that, when administered in adequate amount, confer a health benefit on the host. Amongst the many benefits associated with the consumption of probiotics, modulation of the immune system has received the most attention. Several animal and human studies have provided unequivocal evidence that specific strains of probiotics are able to stimulate as well as regulate several aspects of natural and acquired immune responses. There is also evidence that intake of probiotics is effective in the prevention and/or management of acute gastroenteritis and rotavirus diarrhoea, antibiotic-associated diarrhoea and intestinal inflammatory disorders such as Crohn's disease and pouchitis, and paediatric atopic disorders. The efficacy of probiotics against bacterial infections and immunological disorders such as adult asthma, cancers, diabetes, and arthritis in humans remains to be proven. Also, major gaps exist in our knowledge about the mechanisms by which probiotics modulate immune function. Optimum dose, frequency and duration of treatment required for different conditions in different population groups also remains to be determined. Different probiotic strains vary in their ability to modulate the immune system and therefore efficacy of each strain needs to be carefully demonstrated through rigorously designed (randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled) studies. This chapter provides an over view of the immunomodulatory effects of probiotics in health and disease, and discusses possible mechanisms through which probiotics mediate their disparate effects.
Mitogenic growth factors in breast fluid obtained from healthy women: Evaluation of biological and extraneous sources of variability; Peptide growth factors (GFs), including epidermal GF (EGF) and transforming GF-alpha (TGF-alpha), are presumed to play an important role in the local regulation of breast cell proliferation, Breast fluid collected by nipple aspiration provides a potential means to assess the concentration of these factors in contact with the ductal epithelium. Although identification of immunoreactive EGF-like GFs in breast fluid has been reported previously, we performed this study to evaluate the sensitivity and reliability of newer RIA methods and to characterize the sources and amounts of both intra- and intersubject variability, We also evaluated the relationship of breast fluid EGF and TGF-alpha levels to each other and to plasma levels of estradiol and progesterone, Breast fluid and plasma samples were obtained two to four times at weekly intervals from 18 healthy, premenopausal women, EGF and TGF-alpha were measured by competitive binding RIA, Both GFs were detected with good precision in all breast fluid samples analyzed, using dilutions as low as 1:100 for EGF (1 mu l) and 1:25 for TGF-alpha (4 mu l). The correlations between the right and left breasts, sampled concurrently, were r = 0.78 (P = 0.003) for EGF and r = 0.89 (P = 0.0001) for TGF-LU, For both GFs, the variation between women was substantially greater than the variation between breasts or over time in an individual woman, particularly for EGF, for which there were 100-fold differences between women in mean levels, When samples from multiple women were analyzed together, we found no apparent relationships between EGF and TGF-alpha levels or between either GF level and menstrual cycle phase or plasma hormone concentrations, However, in random effects analyses, EGF levels within an individual were significantly associated overall with both TGF-alpha (P = 0.02) and plasma estradiol levels (P = 0.01), These data, which are the first comprehensive results on the feasibility of measuring mitogenic GFs in breast fluid, support the conclusion that women secrete consistent and individually distinct levels of EGF and TGF-alpha and that, in at least some women, EGF secretion in vivo covaries with both TGF-alpha in breast fluid and circulating estradiol.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance; Mepiquat is one of the 79 substances of the third stage Part A of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(1). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise upon request of the EU-Commission a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
Effect of colostrum administration by use of oroesophageal intubation on serum IgG concentrations in Holstein bull calves; Objective-To determine the amount of colostral IgG required for adequate passive transfer in calves administered colostrum by use of oroesophageal intubation and evaluate the impact of other factors on passive transfer of colostral immunoglobulins in calves.
Effects of bovine colostrum supplementation on immune variables in highly trained cyclists; Effects of bovine colostrum supplementation on immune variables in highly trained cyclists. J Appl Physiol 102: 1113 - 1122, 2007. First published November 9, 2006; doi:10.1152/japplphysiol. 00553.2006. - The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of low-dose bovine colostrum protein concentrate (CPC) supplementation on selected immune variables in cyclists. Twenty-nine highly trained male road cyclists completed an initial 40-km time trial (TT40) and were then randomly assigned to either a supplement (n = 14, 10 g bovine CPC/day) or placebo group (n = 15, 10 g whey protein concentrate/day). After 5 wk of supplementation, the cyclists completed a second TT40. They then completed 5 consecutive days of high-intensity training (HIT) that included a TT40, followed by a final TT40 in the following week. Venous blood and saliva samples were collected immediately before and after each TT40, and upper respiratory illness symptoms were recorded over the experimental period. Compared with the placebo group, bovine CPC supplementation significantly increased preexercise serum soluble TNF receptor 1 during the HIT period (bovine CPC = 882 +/- 233 pg/ml, placebo = 468 +/- 139 pg/ml; P = 0.039). Supplementation also suppressed the postexercise decrease in cytotoxic/suppressor T cells during the HIT period (bovine CPC = -1.0 +/- 2.7%, placebo = -9.2 +/- 2.8%; P = 0.017) and during the following week (bovine CPC = 1.4 +/- 2.9%, placebo = -8.2 +/- 2.8%; P = 0.004). Bovine CPC supplementation prevented a postexercise decrease in serum IgG(2) concentration at the end of the HIT period (bovine CPC = 4.8 +/- 6.8%, P = 0.88; placebo = -9.7 +/- 6.9%, P = 0.013). There was a trend toward reduced incidence of upper respiratory illness symptoms in the bovine CPC group (P = 0.055). In summary, low-dose bovine CPC supplementation modulates immune parameters during normal training and after an acute period of intense exercise, which may have contributed to the trend toward reduced upper respiratory illness in the bovine CPC group.
5-aminolaevulinic acid nanoemulsion is more effective than methyl-5-aminolaevulinate in daylight photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis: a nonsponsored randomized double-blind multicentre trial; Background Daylight photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) with methyl-5-aminolaevulinate (MAL) is an effective treatment for mild and moderate actinic keratosis (AK). Objectives To assess the clinical efficacy, tolerability and cost-effectiveness of 5-aminolaevulinic acid nanoemulsion (BF-200 ALA) compared with MAL in DL-PDT for grade I-II AKs. Methods This nonsponsored, prospective randomized double-blind multicentre trial included 69 patients with 767 grade I-II AKs located symmetrically on the face or scalp. A single DL-PDT was given in a randomized split-face design. The primary outcome was clearance of the AKs at 12 months as assessed by a blinded observer. The secondary outcomes were pain, treatment reactions, cosmetic outcome and the cost-effectiveness of the therapy. Results In the per-patient (half-face) analysis, clearance was better for the BF-200 ALA sides than for those treated with MAL (P = 0 center dot 008). In total, BF-200 ALA cleared 299/375 AKs (79 center dot 7%) and MAL 288/392 (73 center dot 5%) (P = 0 center dot 041). The treatment was practically painless with both photosensitizers, the mean pain visual analogue scale being 1 center dot 51 for BF-200 ALA and 1 center dot 35 for MAL (P = 0 center dot 061). Twenty-six patients had a stronger skin reaction on the BF-200 ALA side, seven on the MAL side and 23 displayed no difference (P = 0 center dot 001). The cosmetic outcome was excellent or good in > 90% of cases with both photosensitizers (P = 1 center dot 000). The cost-effectiveness plane showed that the costs of DL-PDT were similar for both photosensitizers, but the effectiveness was slightly higher for BF-200 ALA. Conclusions Our results indicate that BF-200 ALA is more effective than MAL in DL-PDT for grade I-II AKs. BF-200 ALA provides slightly better value for money than MAL.
Risk assessment of the nuclear medicine patient; Two types of risk are identified following the administration of a radiopharmaceutical to a patient: the risk to the patient, and the risk to critical groups exposed to the patient. The method for quantifying the risk to the patient is described in terms of estimating the effective dose. The main limitations in these estimates for adult and paediatric patients are uncertainties in the biokinetic data, and the assumption of a uniform distribution of activity in each organ. Effective doses from most nuclear medicine procedures will not exceed twice the annual dose from natural background radiation in the UK. Lack of human placental transfer data is now the main limitation to estimating fetal doses. The characteristics of two methods which can be used to derive the dose to critical groups exposed to nuclear medicine patients are reviewed. It is shown that studies using either method have indicated that the current recommendations in the UK for restricting the exposure of these groups and the recommendation recently proposed for restricting the exposure of pregnant members of staff are not appropriate. Revised recommendations for restricting the behaviour of patients administered iodine-131 should await the results of a current multicentre trial. The method to estimate the dose to a breast-fed infant from a mother administered a radiopharmaceutical is outlined, and the recently revised guidance for interrupting breast feeding is summarised. When a recommendation for controlling risk is to be derived from dosimetry data obtained from a number of individuals, an outstanding issue to be resolved is the value (e.g. 95% upper confidence limit) on which it should be based.
Estimating IgG concentration directly by radial immunodiffusion or indirectly by refractometry measure of serum total protein lack precision; OBJECTIVETo establish and compare the precision of serum total protein (STP) measured by an optical refractometer to the precision of IgG concentrations measured using radial immunodiffusion (RID), the reference test for quantifying IgG in neonatal calves. SAMPLE6 sera with previously measured IgG concentration using RID from neonatal beef calves were selected from 3 stratum: low-serum IgG stratum between >5.0 and <15.0g/L(n = 4); moderate-serum IgG stratum between 35.0-45.0g/L (n = 1); high-serum IgG stratum between 60.0-70.0g/L(n = 1).METHODSSTP was measured 13 times with an optical refractometer. IgG concentrations were measured 28 times with a com- mercial bovine IgG RID for each sera. The homogeneity of variance within the tests was evaluated with the Levene test (alpha = 0.10). Unrestricted random sampling bootstrapping (5,000 repetitions) was used to calculate the coeffi- cient of variation (CV) for each serum and test. The homogeneity of variance between simulated test CVs by serum was evaluated (alpha = 0.10). Differences between simulated test CV by serum were assessed with the Kruskal-Wallis test (alpha = 0.05).RESULTSNo difference was observed in the variance for STP between sera (P = .39). The average CV for STP was 4.2%, 10.1% for the low IgG stratum, and 15.5% for the moderate/high IgG stratum. Variance differed in serum IgG concentra- tion (P < .0001). Serum with higher IgG concentrations had more variance. Simulated CV for STP and IgG had homogeneity of variance for only 1 sera (P = .31). STP had a smaller CV compared to IgG for every serum (P < .0001).CLINICAL RELEVANCEEstimating IgG concentration directly by RID or indirectly by STP lacks the precision that might affect diagnostic interpretation regarding a calf's absorption of maternal antibodies.
Comparative study of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy for actinic keratosis of the scalp; Background/purpose To assess efficacy, tolerability, adverse effects, recurrence, and aesthetic results of imiquimod 3.75% vs. photodynamic therapy with 5-aminolaevulinic acid (MAL-PDT) for actinic keratosis (AK).
Influence of Food With Different Fat Concentrations on Alectinib Exposure : A Randomized Crossover Pharmacokinetic Trial; Background: Alectinib is the keystone treatment in advanced ana-plastic lymphoma kinase-positive (ALK+) non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An exposure-response threshold of 435 ng/mL has recently been established, albeit 37% of patients do not reach this threshold. Alectinib is orally administered, and absorption is largely influenced by food. Hence, further investigation into this relationship is needed to optimize its bioavailability.Patients and Methods: In this randomized 3-period crossover clinical study in ALK+ NSCLC, alectinib exposure was compared among patients with different diets. Every 7 days, the first alectinib dose was taken with either a continental breakfast, 250-g of low-fat yogurt, or a self-chosen lunch, and the second dose was taken with a self-chosen dinner. Sampling for alectinib exposure (Ctrough) was performed at day 8, just prior to alectinib intake, and the relative differ-ence in Ctrough was compared.Results: In 20 evaluable patients, the mean Ctrough was 14% (95% CI, -23% to -5%; P=.009) and 20% (95% CI, -25% to -14%; P<.001) lower when taken with low-fat yo-gurt compared with a continental breakfast and a self-chosen lunch, respectively. Administration with a self-chosen lunch did not change exposure compared with a continental breakfast (+7%; 95% CI, -2% to +17%; P=.243). In the low-fat yogurt period, 35% of patients did not reach the threshold versus 5% with the other meals (P<.01).Conclusions: Patients and physicians should be warned for a detri-mental food-drug interaction when alectinib is taken with low-fat yo-gurt, because it results in a clinically relevant lower alectinib exposure. Intake with a self-chosen lunch did not change drug exposure and could be a safe and patient-friendly alternative.
Effectiveness of a low-fat yoghurt supplemented with rooster comb extract on muscle strength in adults with mild knee pain and mechanisms of action on muscle regeneration; u Purpose: To determine the effects of the intake of low-fat yoghurt supplemented with rooster comb extract (RCE) on muscle strength. Methods and results: 148 subjects, with mild knee pain, participated in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, and parallel study. Muscle strength, knee effusion, and pain perception were measured. C2C12 myoblasts were used to elucidate the mechanisms of action involved. RCE improved total work and mean power in men, and also peak torque in extension by 10%. RCE reduced synovial effusion by 11.8% and pain perception by 24.6%. Both RCE and HA increased myoblast proliferation by 29%, while RCE reduced myoblast differentiation by 36.2%, suggesting a beneficial role of RCE in muscle regeneration. Conclusions: Low-fat yoghurt supplemented with RCE improved muscle strength. This effect is partially explained by muscle regeneration enhancement, reduced synovial effusion, and reduced pain perception, which could exert a beneficial clinical impact on men affected by mild knee pain.
A Swiss cheese error detection method for real-time EPID-based quality assurance and error prevention; Purpose: To develop a robust and efficient process that detects relevant dose errors (dose errors of >= 5%) in external beam radiation therapy and directly indicates the origin of the error. The process is illustrated in the context of electronic portal imaging device (EPID)-based angle-resolved volumetric-modulated arc therapy (VMAT) quality assurance (QA), particularly as would be implemented in a real-time monitoring program.
Effect of timing of insemination after CIDR removal with or without GnRH on pregnancy rates in Nili-Ravi buffalo; There are limited studies available on when to inseminate, if using CIDR or CIDR-GnRH protocols for optimal fertility in buffalo. Therefore, the objective of the present study was to determine the optimum time of AI in relation to CIDR removal with or without GnRH in buffalo. All buffalo (n = 201) received CIDR on Day 0, PGF2 alpha on Day 6 and CIDR were removed on Day 7. In 50 of these buffalo GnRH was administered 36 h after CIDR removal. Furthermore, CIDR (n = 151) and CIDR-GnRH (n=50) were randomly divided to receive timed artificial insemination (TAI), either at 48, 60 or 72 h after CIDR removal. Ultrasonography was performed for follicular development and for pregnancy diagnosis. The results revealed that, mean interval to ovulation was shorter (P<0.05) in buffalo receiving CIDR-GnRH than CIDR (68.40 +/- 1.73 compared with 76.13 +/- 1.66 h, respectively). The pregnancy rates were higher (P<0.05) in buffalo inseminated either at 48 (50%) or 60 (59%) than at 72 h (18%) in CIDR-GnRH protocol; whereas, in CIDR buffalo pregnancy rates were higher (P<0.05), at 60(37%) or 72 (40%) than at 48 h (10%). In conclusion, the optimal time of Al is between 48-60 h in CIDR-GnRH and between 60-72 h in CIDR protocol for enhancing fertility in buffalo. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Differences in the prospective association between individual plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acids and incident type 2 diabetes: the EPIC-InterAct case-cohort study; Background Conflicting evidence exists regarding the association between saturated fatty acids (SFAs) and type 2 diabetes. In this longitudinal case-cohort study, we aimed to investigate the prospective associations between objectively measured individual plasma phospholipid SFAs and incident type 2 diabetes in EPIC-InterAct participants.
Effects of dietary protease on immune responses of weaned pigs; This experiment was conducted to investigate effects of dietary protease on immune responses of weaned pigs. Weaned pigs (n = 75; 7.06 +/- 0.18 kg BW; 28 d old) were randomly assigned to 3 treatments (5 pigs/pen; 5 pens/treatment). Dietary treatments were positive control, a diet with required protein level (PC), negative control, a diet with lower protein level than PC (NC), and NC + 0.02% dietary protease (PRO). The dietary protease used in this experiment was a commercial product containing 75,000 protease units/g derived from Nocardiopsis prasina produced in Bacillus licheniformis. The dietary treatments did not contain any ingredients or additives that may provide antibacterial or physiological effects. Pigs were fed respective dietary treatments for 6 weeks. Blood was collected from randomly selected 2 pigs in each pen on d 1, 3, 7, and 14 after weaning. Measurements were number of white blood cells (WBC), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta 1), and C-reactive protein (CRP). Pigs fed PRO had lower WBC on d 7 (14.84 vs 20.42 x 10(3)/mu L; rho < 0.05) and TNF-alpha on d 7 (618 vs 889 pg/mL rho = 0.085) and 14 (437 vs 576 pg/mL; rho = 0.069) than those fed NC, but there were no differences on WBC and TNF-alpha between PC and PRO. Pigs fed PRO had lower TGF-beta 1 on d 3 (630 vs. 1,588 and 1,396 pg/mL; rho < 0.05) than those fed PC and NC. However, no differences were found on CRP among dietary treatments. In conclusion, addition of dietary protease reduced inflammatory immune responses of weaned pigs.
Surgical versus non-surgical treatment of actinic cheilitis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective The aim of this systematic review was to compare outcomes between surgical and non-surgical treatment of actinic cheilitis (AC). Materials and Methods A systematic review and meta-analysis based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline were performed. A search of PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library databases was conducted. Articles were selected based on the inclusion criteria: randomized clinical trials, prospective/retrospective studies, and case series with at least 10 patients, with a minimum follow-up period of 6 months. A weighted remission rate (RER) and recurrence rate (RR) with a 95% confidence interval was performed. Data analysis was performed using a comprehensive meta-analysis software. Results A total of 283 ACs in 10 studies were included. About 2.5% surgically treated cases underwent malignant transformation. The weighted remission rate was higher for surgical (92.8%) compared to non-surgical treatment (65.9%). The recurrence rate was lower for surgical (8.4%) compared to non-surgical treatment (19.2%). Conclusion In this systematic review, the surgical treatment was more favorable than non-surgical for AC. Meanwhile, further studies are needed that should maximize methodological standardization and have greater rigor of the data collection process.
Guidelines of care for the management of actinic keratosis; Background: Actinic keratoses (AK) are rough scaly patches that arise on chronically ultraviolet-exposed skin and can progress to keratinocyte carcinoma. Objective: This analysis examined the literature related to the management of AK to provide evidence based recommendations for treatment. Grading, histologic classification, natural history, risk of progression, and dermatologic surveillance of AKs are also discussed. Methods: A multidisciplinary Work Group conducted a systematic review to address 5 clinical questions on the management of AKs and applied the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation approach for assessing the certainty of the evidence and formulating and grading clinical recommendations. Graded recommendations were voted on to achieve consensus. Results: Analysis of the evidence resulted in 18 recommendations. Limitations: This analysis is based on the best available evidence at the time it was conducted. The pragmatic decision to limit the literature review to English language randomized trials may have excluded data published in other languages or limited identification of relevant long-term follow-up data. Conclusions: Strong recommendations are made for using ultraviolet protection, topical imiquimod, topical 5-fluorouracil, and cryosurgery. Conditional recommendations are made for the use of photodynamic therapy and diclofenac for the treatment of AK, both individually and as part of combination therapy regimens. ( J Am Acad Dermatol 2021;85:e209-33.)
Randomized, double-blind, double-dummy, vehicle-controlled study of ingenol mebutate gel 0.025% and 0.05% for actinic keratosis; Background: There is a need for improved medical approaches to the treatment of actinic keratosis. Ingenol mebutate, a diterpene ester extracted and purified from the plant Euphorbia peplus, is being evaluated as a topical therapy for actinic keratosis.
Trace amounts of antibiotic exacerbated diarrhea and systemic inflammation of weaned pigs infected with a pathogenic <i>Escherichia coli</i>; The experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of trace amounts of antibiotic on growth performance, diarrhea, systemic immunity, and intestinal health of weaned pigs experimentally infected with an enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli. Weaned pigs (n = 34, 6.88 +/- 1.03 kg body weight [BM]) were individually housed in disease containment rooms and randomly allotted to one of the three dietary treatments: nursery basal diet (CON) and two additional diets supplemented with 0.5 or 50 mg/kg carbadox to the nursery basal diet (TRA or REC), respectively. The experiment lasted 18 d with 7 d before and 11 d after the first E. coli inoculation. The E. coli F18 inoculum was orally provided to all pigs with a dose of 10(10) colony-forming unit (CFU)/3 mL for three consecutive days. Fecal and blood samples were collected on day 0 before inoculation and days 2, 5, 8, and 11 postinoculation (PI) to test the percentage of beta-hemolytic coliforms in total coliforms and complete blood cell count, respectively. Sixteen pigs were euthanized on day 5 PI, whereas the remaining pigs were euthanized at the end of the experiment to collect the jejunal and ileal mucosa and mesenteric lymph node for gene expression and bacterial translocation, respectively. Pigs in REC had greater (P < 0.05) final BW and lower (P < 0.05) overall frequency of diarrhea compared with pigs in the CON and TRA groups. Pigs in TRA had the lowest (P < 0.05) average daily gain and feed efficiency from day 0 to 5 PI, highest (P < 0.05) percentage of beta-hemolytic coliforms in fecal samples on days 2 and 5 PI, and greatest (P < 0.05) bacterial colonies in mesenteric lymph nodes on day 11 PI compared with pigs in the CON and REC groups. Pigs in TRA had the greatest (P < 0.05) neutrophils on day 5 PI and higher (P < 0.05) white blood cell counts and lymphocytes than other groups on day 11 PI. Pigs in TRA had the greatest (P < 0.05) serum C-reactive protein on days 2 and 5 PI and serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha on day 5 PI, compared with pigs in the CON and REC groups. Pigs fed REC had increased (P < 0.05) mRNA expression of zona occludens-1 (ZO-1) and occludin (OCDN) and reduced (P < 0.05) interleukin-1 beta (IL1B), interleukin-6 (IL6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFA) in ileal mucosa on day 5 PI, compared with the CON, whereas TRA upregulated (P < 0.05) mRNA expression of ILIB, IL6, and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2) in the ileal mucosa on day 11 PI, compared with the REC. In conclusion, trace amounts of antibiotic may exacerbate the detrimental effects of E. coli infection on pig performance by increasing diarrhea and systemic inflammation of weanling pigs.
Impact of cria protection strategy on post-natal survival and growth of alpacas (<i>Vicugna pacos</i>); The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of different management systems on the postnatal survival and growth of alpaca crias. The study was conducted during the alpaca calving season in the Peruvian Andes. Animals were fed on native pastures; during the day they went out to graze, but at night they were brought into a corral. A total of 150 alpaca singleton neonates were randomly assigned to one of three cria protection strategies immediately after consuming colostrum. The first group consisted of 50 crias who slept in an open-corral (OC) without shelter. The second group was comprised of 50 crias fitted with body vests (BV) who stayed overnight in an open-corral without shelter. The third group spent nights in a semi-open shed (SH). Cria survival was recorded daily, and body weight was recorded weekly. Survival to 12 weeks of age was higher (P = 0.001) for BV (100%) than for SH (76%) or OC (64%) which were not different from each other. Daily body weight gain (kg/day) during the first 12 weeks of life was higher (P < 0.001) for BV (0.17 +/- 0.03) than for SH (0.14 +/- 0.02) or OC (0.13 +/- 0.04). There was no effect (P < 0.979) of cria sex on daily body weight gain. Results of this study revealed that fitting neonatal crias with a BV is a viable management strategy to enhance cria postnatal survival and daily body weight gain.
Postprandial endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in type 2 diabetic patients: Role of fat and carbohydrate meals; OBJECTIVES To compare the effect of a high-fat meal and a high-carbohydrate meal (pizza), with and without antioxidant vitamins, on endothelial activation in healthy subjects and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Virulence factors and antibiograms of <i>Escherichia coli</i> isolated from diarrheic calves of Egyptian cattle and water buffaloes; Diarrhea caused by Escherichia coli in calves is an important problem in terms of survivability, productivity and treatment costs. In this study, 88 of 150 diarrheic animals tested positive for E. coli. Of these, 54 samples had mixed infection with other bacterial and/or parasitic agents. There are several diarrheagenic E. coli pathotypes including enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC), Shiga-toxin producing E. coli (STEC), enterotoxigenic E. coli (ETEC) and necrotoxigenic E. coli (NTEC). Molecular detection of virulence factors Stx2, Cdt3, Eae, CNF2, F5, Hly, Stx1, and ST revealed their presence at 39.7, 27.2, 19.3, 15.9, 13.6, 9.0, 3.4, and 3.4 percent, respectively. As many as 13.6% of the isolates lacked virulence genes and none of the isolate had LT or CNF1 toxin gene. The odds of isolating ETEC from male calves was 3.6 times (95% CI: 1.1, 12.4; P value = 0.042) that of female calves, whereas the odds of isolating NTEC from male calves was 72.9% lower (95% CI: 91.3% lower, 15.7% lower; P value = 0.024) than that in females. The odds of isolating STEC in winter was 3.3 times (95% CI: 1.1, 10.3; P value = 0.037) that of spring. Antibiograms showed 48 (54.5%) of the isolates to be multi-drug resistant. The percent resistance to tetracycline, streptomycin, ampicillin, and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole was 79.5, 67.0, 54.5, and 43.0, respectively. Ceftazidime (14.8%), amoxicillin-clavulanic acid (13.6%) and aztreonam (11.3%) showed the lowest resistance, and none of the isolates was resistant to imipenem. The results of this study can help improve our understanding of the epidemiological aspects of E. coli infection and to devise strategies for protection against it. The prevalence of E. coli pathotypes can help potential buyers of calves to avoid infected premises. The antibiograms in this study emphasizes the risks associated with the random use of antibiotics.
Associations between exploratory dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes: a federated meta-analysis of individual participant data from 25 cohort studies; Purpose In several studies, exploratory dietary patterns (DP), derived by principal component analysis, were inversely or positively associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, findings remained study-specific, inconsistent and rarely replicated. This study aimed to investigate the associations between DPs and T2D in multiple cohorts across the world. Methods This federated meta-analysis of individual participant data was based on 25 prospective cohort studies from 5 continents including a total of 390,664 participants with a follow-up for T2D (3.8-25.0 years). After data harmonization across cohorts we evaluated 15 previously identified T2D-related DPs for association with incident T2D estimating pooled incidence rate ratios (IRR) and confidence intervals (CI) by Piecewise Poisson regression and random-effects meta-analysis. Results 29,386 participants developed T2D during follow-up. Five DPs, characterized by higher intake of red meat, processed meat, French fries and refined grains, were associated with higher incidence of T2D. The strongest association was observed for a DP comprising these food groups besides others (IRRpooled per 1 SD = 1.104, 95% CI 1.059-1.151). Although heterogeneity was present (I-2 = 85%), IRR exceeded 1 in 18 of the 20 meta-analyzed studies. Original DPs associated with lower T2D risk were not confirmed. Instead, a healthy DP (HDP1) was associated with higher T2D risk (IRRpooled per 1 SD = 1.057, 95% CI 1.027-1.088). Conclusion Our findings from various cohorts revealed positive associations for several DPs, characterized by higher intake of red meat, processed meat, French fries and refined grains, adding to the evidence-base that links DPs to higher T2D risk. However, no inverse DP-T2D associations were confirmed.
A randomized pilot comparative study of topical methyl aminolevulinate photodynamic therapy versus imiquimod 5% versus sequential application of both therapies in immunocompetent patients with actinic keratosis: Clinical and histologic outcomes; Background: Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and imiquimod are the treatments of choice for actinic keratosis (AK). As they have different mechanisms of action, it seems reasonable to assume that applying both treatments sequentially would be efficacious.
Consumption effect of a synbiotic beverage made from soy and yacon extracts containing <i>Bifidobacterium animalis</i> ssp lactis BB-12 on the intestinal polyamine concentrations in elderly individuals; This study aimed to investigate the effect of a synbiotic beverage made from soy and yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius) extracts containing Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis BB-12 on healthy elderly individuals' intestinal polyamine concentrations. A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial has been conducted with twenty-nine volunteers (over 65 years of age) who either had a daily intake of 150 mL of synbiotic (synbiotic group - S) or placebo (placebo group - P) beverages. Both had the same nutrient composition, except that a probiotic culture was added to the synbiotic beverage. Total experiment time was 8 weeks, which was divided into 3 consecutive phases: a prefeeding period (2 weeks), followed by a feeding period (4 weeks) and a postfeeding period (2 weeks). Stool samples were collected at 3 time periods. Fecal concentrations of poly amines, putrescine (PUT), cadaverine (CAD) and spermidine (SPD) that were obtained during the synbiotic and placebo consumption period were significantly higher (p < 0.05) than those found during the pre-consumption baseline level period. No significant differences in the number of bifidobacteria, clostridia, or enterobacteria were observed in any of the two groups at the three time periods. Similarly, no significant effect on the production of proinflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and anti-inflammatory interleulcin-10 (IL-10) was induced by the synbiotic or placebo beverages consumption. The results herein indicate that both the synbiotic and the placebo beverage consumption have increased polyamines levels, which are often reduced in elderly individuals, without influencing inflammatory responses. In addition, both placebo and synbiotic beverages seems to contribute by maintaining increased polyamines levels.
Epidemiology of Uterine Myomas: A Review; Myomas are the most common benign tumors of the genital organs in women of childbearing age, causing significant morbidity and impairing their quality of life. In our investigation, we have reviewed the epidemiological data related to the development of myomas in order to homogenize the current data. Therefore, a MEDLINE and PubMed search, for the years 1990-2013, was conducted using a combination of keywords, such as "myoma," "leiomyoma," "fibroids," "myomectomy," "lifestyle," "cigarette," "alcohol," "vitamins," "diet," and "hysterectomy". Randomized controlled studies were selected based upon the authors' estimation. Peer-reviewed articles examining myomas were sorted by their relevance and included in this research. Additional articles were also identified from the references of the retrieved papers and included according to authors' estimation.
Association of Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol-Related Genetic Variants With Aortic Valve Calcium and Incident Aortic Stenosis; IMPORTANCE Plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) has been associated with aortic stenosis in observational studies; however, randomized trials with cholesterol-lowering therapies in individuals with established valve disease have failed to demonstrate reduced disease progression.
Effects of dietary energy on antioxidant capacity, glucose-lipid metabolism and meat fatty acid profile of Holstein bulls at different ages; This experiment was conducted to investigate the effects of dietary energy on antioxidant capacity, liver glucose-lipid-related gene expressions and meat fatty acid of Holstein bulls. Thirty-six Holstein bulls (age, 17.0 +/- 0.49 months; body weight, 493.3 +/- 39.7 kg) were randomly allocated to three dietary treatments. The metabolizable energy of diets was 10.12, 10.90 and 11.68 MJ/kg. Bulls in each dietary treatment were sampled at the age of 20, 23 or 26 months. Results showed that serum glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase decreased with the increasing age. Dietary energy and age had interaction effects on the expressions of fatty acid synthase, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha, acyl coenzyme A oxidase 1 and carnitine palmitoyl-transferase 1 alpha. Besides, the increase of age and dietary energy increased the expression of liver phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1. The expressions of liver glucose-6-phosphatase, tumour necrosis factor alpha and sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 increased with the increasing age. The increase of age and dietary energy increased the proportions of C18:1cis-9, C18:2n-6transand monounsaturated fatty acid. In summary, the increase of age and dietary energy enhanced the intensity of metabolic changes and inflammatory responses. Dietary energy and age affected the expressions of liver lipid metabolism-related genes, further affected meat fatty acid composition of Holstein bulls.
Comparative study of trichloroacetic acid vs. photodynamic therapy with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid for actinic keratosis of the scalp; BackgroundPhotodynamic therapy with 5-methyl-aminolevulinate and photodynamic therapy with trichloroacetic acid 50% are the two techniques utilized in the management of actinic keratosis. This study was planned to compare the efficacy, adverse effects, recurrence and cosmetic outcome of these option therapies in patients with multiple actinic keratosis of the scalp.
Oral administration of <i>Lactobacillus paracasei</i> alleviates clinical symptoms of colitis induced by dextran sulphate sodium salt in BALB/c mice; The aim of this study was to investigate the alleviating effect of Lactobacillus paracasei subsp. paracasei LC-01 (LC-01) on the murine model of colitis induced by dextran sulphate sodium (DSS). 50 pathogen-free, 6-week-old male BALB/c mice were divided randomly into 5 groups, including a control group and four DSS-LC-01-treated groups (DSS, DSS-10(6), DSS-10(8), and DSS-10(10) with 0, 1x10(6), 1x10(8) and 1x10(10) cfu/ml LC-01, respectively). To test the effectiveness of LC-01 as a prophylactic it was administered for 7 days before the onset of the disease in DSS-LC- 01-treated mice. After 7 days, colitis was induced by administration of 2.5% (w/v) DSS in drinking water for a further 7 days. The disease activity index (DAI), histological score, myeloperoxidase (MPO) activity and the level of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) were measured. DAI, histological scores and MPO activity of mice treated with a medium or high dose of LC-01 were significantly lower compared to a low-dose of LC-01 and DSS treatment alone (P<0.05). Colon length shortening could be prevented with increasing dose of LC-01. In addition, the levels of IL-1 beta and TNF-alpha were suppressed significantly by treatment with a medium and high dose of LC-01. However, no significant difference in the indices mentioned above were observed between a low dose of LC-01 and treatment with DSS alone (P>0.05). An appropriate dose of LC-01 can prevent intestinal damage in mice with DSS-induced colitis. The expression of inflammatory cytokines related to pathogenesis of DSS-induced colitis decreased following treatment with LC-01.
Efficacy and safety of follow-up field treatment of actinic keratosis with ingenol mebutate 0.015% gel: a randomized, controlled 12-month study; Background Ingenol mebutate (IngMeb) is a novel patient-applied topical field therapy for actinic keratosis. Objectives To demonstrate the efficacy and safety of follow-up IngMeb field treatment of actinic keratoses (AKs) present at 8 weeks after initial treatment or emerging in a previously cleared field.
Comparison of the efficacy of fish oil and probiotic supplementation on glucose and lipid metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background Abnormalities in glucose and lipid metabolism contribute to the progression and exacerbation of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Fish oil and probiotics are dietary supplements that have the potential to improve glucose and lipid metabolism. However, their efficacy remains unclear in T2DM patients.Methods PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were retrieved to collect randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy of fish oil or probiotic supplementation in T2DM patients from the database inception to December 13, 2023. Primary outcome indicators encompassed glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and blood lipid profile (triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC). Secondary outcome indicators included inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor -alpha (TNF-alpha) and adipocytokine (including leptin and adiponectin). The R software was used for statistical analysis, and GraphPad Prism was used for figure rendering.Results A total of 60 RCTs involving 3845 T2DM patients were included in the analysis. The results showed that the probiotics (Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, Propionibacterium, etc.) were more effective in reducing HOMA-IR than fish oil (Surca = 0.935). Bifidobacterium demonstrated the highest efficacy in reducing HbA1c levels (Surca = 0.963). Regarding lipid metabolism, fish oil was superior to probiotics in lowering TG and TC levels (Surca values of 0.978 and 0.902, respectively). Furthermore, fish oil outperformed probiotics in reducing TNF-alpha (Surca = 0.839) and leptin (Surca = 0.712), and increasing adiponectin levels (Surca = 0.742). Node-splitting analysis showed good consistency (P > 0.05 for direct, indirect, and network comparison across various interventions).Conclusions In T2DM patients, fish oil was more effective than probiotics in regulating lipid metabolism. Probiotics outperformed fish oil in regulating glucose metabolism particularly; specifically, Bifidobacterium showed higher efficacy in reducing blood glucose.
Photodynamic Therapy for Actinic Keratoses: A Randomized Prospective Non-sponsored Cost-effectiveness Study of Daylight-mediated Treatment Compared with Light-emitting Diode Treatment; Daylight-mediated photodynamic therapy (DL-PDT) is considered as effective as conventional PDT using artificial light (light-emitting diode (LED)-PDT) for treatment of actinic keratoses (AK). This randomized prospective non-sponsored study assessed the cost-effectiveness of DL-PDT compared with LED-PDT. Seventy patients with 210 AKs were randomized to DL-PDT or LED-PDT groups. Effectiveness was assessed at 6 months. The costs included societal costs and private costs, including the time patients spent in treatment. Results are presented as incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER). The total costs per patient were significantly lower for DL-PDT ((sic) 132) compared with LED-PDT ((sic) 170), giving a cost saving of (sic)38 (p = 0.022). The estimated probabilities for patients' complete response were 0.429 for DL-PDT and 0.686 for LED-PDT; a difference in probability of being healed of 0.257. ICER showed a monetary gain of (sic) 147 per unit of effectiveness lost. DL-PDT is less costly and less effective than LED-PDT. In terms of cost-effectiveness analysis, DL-PDT provides lower value for money compared with LED-PDT.
Tea Consumption and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in Europe: The EPIC-InterAct Case-Cohort Study; Background: In previous meta-analyses, tea consumption has been associated with lower incidence of type 2 diabetes. It is unclear, however, if tea is associated inversely over the entire range of intake. Therefore, we investigated the association between tea consumption and incidence of type 2 diabetes in a European population.
Random breakage and reunion chromosome aberration formation model; an interaction-distance version based on chromatin geometry; Purpose: Using published FISH data for chromosome aberration production in human fibroblasts by hard X-rays to test a breakage-and-reunion model.
Leadless Ultrasound-Based Cardiac Resynchronization System in Heart Failure; Importance Approximately 40% of patients with heart failure (HF) who are eligible for cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) either fail to respond or are untreatable due to anatomical constraints. Objective To assess the safety and efficacy of a novel, leadless, left ventricular (LV) endocardial pacing system for patients at high risk for a CRT upgrade or whose coronary sinus (CS) lead placement/pacing with a conventional CRT system failed. Design, Setting, and Participants The SOLVE-CRT study was a prospective multicenter trial, enrolling January 2018 through September 2022, with follow-up in March 2023. Data were analyzed from DATE MONTH, YEAR, through DATE MONTH, YEAR. The trial combined data from an initial randomized, double-blind study (n = 108) and a subsequent single-arm part (n = 75). It took place at 36 centers across Australia, Europe, and the US. Participants were nonresponders, previously untreatable (PU), or high-risk upgrades (HRU). All participants contributed to the safety analysis. The primary efficacy analysis (n = 100) included 75 PU-HRU patients from the single-arm part and 25 PU-HRU patients from the randomized treatment arm. Interventions Patients were implanted with the WiSE CRT System (EBR Systems) consisting of a leadless LV endocardial pacing electrode stimulated with ultrasound energy delivered by a subcutaneously implanted transmitter and battery. Main Outcomes and Measures The primary safety end point was freedom from type I complications. The primary efficacy end point was a reduction in mean LV end systolic volume (LVESV). Results The study included 183 participants; mean age was 68.1 (SD, 10.3) years and 141 were male (77%). The trial was terminated at an interim analysis for meeting prespecified stopping criteria. In the safety population, patients were either New York Heart Association Class II (34.6%) or III (65.4%). The primary efficacy end point was met with a 16.4% (95% CI, -21.0% to -11.7%) reduction in mean LVESV (P = .003). The primary safety end point was met with an 80.9% rate of freedom from type I complications (P < .001), which included 12 study device system events (6.6%), 5 vascular events (2.7%), 3 strokes (1.6%), and 7 cardiac perforations which mostly occurred early in the study (3.8%). Conclusions and Relevance The SOLVE-CRT study has demonstrated that leadless LV endocardial pacing with the WiSE CRT system is associated with a reduction in LVESV in patients with HF. This novel system may represent an alternative to conventional CRT implants in some HF patient populations.
Does whey protein supplementation affect blood pressure in hypoalbuminemic peritoneal dialysis patients?; Objective: Hypertension and hypoalbuminemia are common risk factors for cardiovascular complications in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients. Data are limited regarding the effects of whey protein consumption on blood pressure in this population. The aim of the present study was to examine if whey protein supplementation for 12 weeks to hypoalbuminemic PD patients affects their blood pressure.
Dietary lysozyme improves growth performance and intestinal barrier function of weaned piglets; Lysozyme (LZ) is a purely natural, nonpolluting and nonspecific immune factor, which has beneficial effects on the healthy development of animals. In this study, the influences of LZ on the growth performance and intestinal barrier of weaned piglets were studied. A total of 48 weaned piglets (Landrace x Yorkshire, 22 d old) were randomly divided into a control group (basal diet) and a LZ group (0.1% LZ diet) for 19 d. The results showed that LZ could significantly improve the average daily gain (ADG, P < 0.05) and average daily feed intake (ADFI, P < 0.05). LZ also improved the intestinal morphology and significantly increased the expression of occludin in the jejunum (P < 0.05). In addition, LZ down-regulated the expression of interleukin-1b (IL-1b, P < 0.05) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha, P < 0.05), and inhibited the expression of the genes in the nuclear factor-k-gene binding (NF-kB, P < 0.05) signaling pathway. More importantly, the analysis of intestinal flora showed LZ increased the abundance of Firmicutes (P < 0.05) and the ratio of Firmicutes to Bacteroidota (P = 0.09) at the phylum level, and increased the abundance of Clostridium_sensu_stricto_1 (P < 0.05) and reduced the abundance of Olsenella and Prevotella (P < 0.05) at the genus level. In short, this study proved that LZ could effectively improve the growth performance, relieve inflammation and improve the intestinal barrier function of weaned piglets. These findings provided an important theoretical basis for the application of LZ in pig production. (c) 2023 The Authors. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi Communications Co. Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/bync-nd/4.0/).
Efficacy of double injection of buserelin in improving pregnancy rates in prolonged oestrus repeat breeding crossbred cattle; The present study was aimed at investigating the efficacy of twice administration (at AI and midluteal) of GnRH analog buserelin over a single injection (at AI) in improving the pregnancy rates in prolonged oestrus repeat breeding crossbred cows. For this, 75 prolonged oestrus repeat breeding and 13 normal cycling cattle were subjected to rectal palpation of genitalia and blood sampling for assessing the ovarian structures and progesterone concentration for one oestrus cycle between 3 and 4 days intervals. In the next oestrus, group I has normal cycling cows (13: untreated, normal cycling control). The repeat breeding cattle were randomly distributed amongst 3 groups viz. group 2 (18: repeat breeding control)-in which no treatment was given; group 3 (29: single injection)-Inj. buserelin 20 mg (receptal, 5 ml) was given intramuscularly 6 h before the AI; and group 4 (25: double injection) - first injection of buserelin 20 mg (receptal, 5 ml) was given intramuscularly 6 h before the AI and second injection on day 12 after last insemination. In all the animals AI was done twice (12 h apart) according to the AM-pm rule and pregnancy was confirmed by rectal palpation between 12 and 18 weeks after the last AI. There was a significant delay in the rise of peripheral progesterone after the expected ovulation i.e. around day 4 to 5 in repeat breeding cows as compared to normal cows, during the oestrous cycle, when no AI was done. The first service pregnancy rate in the group 1, 2, 3 and 4 were 54, 17, 34 and 52%, respectively. In brief, the double injection of buserelin (first 6 h before AI and second at day 12 post-insemination) proved to be more successful than single buserelin injection (at AI), in increasing the. pregnancy rates in prolonged oestrus repeat breeding crossbred cows.
Evaluation of the effect of topical agents on radiation-induced skin disease by reflectance spectrophotometry; Objectives Radiotherapy may cause severe skin changes that significantly interfere with the patient's quality of life and reduce radiotherapy effectiveness. Many skin care instructions and various topical agents are recommended to help patients in the management of radiation skin reactions, but evidence to support the value of the topical treatments of the irradiated skin is lacking. In the present study we investigated the effects of topical agents used as supportive care to minimise radiation-induced skin disease using an instrumental method.
A randomized, half-side comparative study of aminolaevulinate photodynamic therapy vs. CO<sub>2</sub> laser ablation in immunocompetent patients with multiple actinic keratoses; Background Photodynamic therapy (PDT) and laser ablation (LA) are frequently used treatment options for multiple actinic keratoses (AK), yet they have not been compared head to head.
Vitamin D Intake From Food and Supplements Among Ontario Women Based on the US Block Food Frequency Questionnaire With and Without Modification for Canadian Food Values; Objectives: To measure and compare dietary vitamin D intake among women in Ontario using a modified Block 1998 (US) food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) before and after modification for Canadian-specific vitamin D food fortification.
The influence of <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> LC705 together with <i>Propionibacterium freudenreichii</i> ssp <i>shermanii</i> JS on potentially carcinogenic bacterial activity in human colon; The bacterial enzymes beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase, and urease may contribute to the development of colon cancer by generating carcinogens. A reduction in the activity of these enzymes by certain lactic acid bacteria is considered to be beneficial. This study examined fecal beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase, and urease activities during administration of Lactobacillus rhamnosus LC705 (LC705) together with Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp shermanii JS (PJS). Thirty-eight healthy men participated in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled. two-period crossover study with treatment periods of 4 weeks. Subjects consumed daily bacterial or placebo capsules. Bacterial capsules contained viable LC705 and PJS (2x10(10) CFU of each strain daily). The activities of beta-glucosidase, beta-glucuronidase and urease, recovery of LC705 and PJS, and counts of total lactobacilli and propionibacteria were determined from feces. The mean fecal counts of total lactobacilli and propionibacteria as well as strains LC705 and PJS were significantly increased during the administration of bacteria (3.5-, 13-, 80-and 11-fold, respectively). beta-glucosidase activity decreased by 10% (P=0.18) and urease activity by 13% (P=0.16) during bacterial supplementation versus placebo. The change in beta-glucosidase activity was negatively correlated with the change in propionibacteria counts (R=-0.350, P=0.039), being -2.68 versus 0.94 nmol/min/mg protein in subjects with increased and unchanged/decreased propionibacteria, respectively (P=0.003). To conclude. the administration of LC705 and PJS was followed by an increase in the fecal counts of lactobacilli and propionibacteria and a decrease in the activity of beta-glucosidase with increasing counts of propionibacteria. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance triazoxide Issued on 30 September 2008; Triazoxide is one of the 84 substances of the third stage Part B of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/20021. This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise upon request of the EU-Commission a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the Draft Assessment Report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within six months a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
Diets with High or Low Protein Content and Glycemic Index for Weight-Loss Maintenance.; Background: Studies of weight-control diets that are high in protein or low in glycemic index have reached varied conclusions, probably owing to the fact that the studies had insufficient power.
Estimation of the Genetic Parameters for Survival Rate in Lori-Bakhtiari Lambs Using Linear and Weibull Proportional Hazard Models; The data set employed in this study was comprised of a number of 6,800 records of lamb's longevity and their survival rate, collected from 1989 through 2009, from the Lori-Bakhtiari experimental flock at the Shooli Station in Shahrekord, Iran. The data were analyzed using linear models and proportional hazard models with Weibull function. These models included fixed factors and direct additive genetic, maternal additive genetic, maternal common environmental and residual random effects. Genetic parameters were estimated using Restricted Maximum Likelihood (REML) procedure fitting a sire model as well as animal models including different combinations of direct and maternal effects. Estimates of direct heritabilities of longevity and survival rate from different linear models were low (0.01 to 0.09). The maternal heritability ranged from 0.00 to 0.04, and decreaced with increase in the age of lambs. The estimates of heritability in logarithmic scale, original scale and effective heritability obtained from the sire and animal models with Weibull function were medium to high (0.08 to 0.55) and were higher than those estimated through different linear models. The maternal heritability estimated through Weibull models decreased with the age of lambs (0.25 to 0.01). These results indicated that the accuracy of the Estimated Breeding Values (EBV) of lambs' survival rate from birth up to yearling age, using linear animal models vs. proportional hazard models, would be low vs. medium to high, respectively. Both animal and maternal genetic effects should be considered in the models for improving the survival rate up to 4 months of ages.
Risk factors associated with diarrhoea in newborn calves; A prospective study was carried out on 94 randomly selected beef calf herds in the Midi-Pyrenees region in France in order to determine neonatal gastroenteritis risk factors. A total of 3 080 newborn calves was enrolled from December 1995 to April 1996. By using a specific statistical analysis method that takes into account an 'intra-herd' correlation, our final model allows the identification of approximately 20 management risk factors associated with diarrhoea. We confirmed several factors identified previously (calving conditions) and estimated some new factors (month of birth). Several herd level factors were found to be significantly associated with the risk of diarrhoea. These factors included herd management conditions such as hygiene (cleaning, relative risk (RR) = 1.9), and also vitamin or salt supplements to animals and cow vaccination (RR = 2). It was found amongst the calf level factors, that calving conditions and dyspnea were associated with diarrhoea. Dam vaccination seemed to protect calves against illness. A relationship between diarrhoea and the month of birth was also observed. Our results confirmed that calf diarrhoea is a multifactor pathology and prevention should be considered globally within the farm. (C) Inra/Elsevier, Paris.
Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance diflubenzuron; Diflubenzuron is one of the 79 substances of the third stage part A of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(2).
Effects of supplementation with digestible undegradable protein in late pregnancy on ewe colostrums production and lamb output to weaning; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of supplementation with digestible undegradable protein (DUP) in diet during late pregnancy on colostrum production, lamb survival and growth. For 3 weeks prior to lambing, 41 Afshari ewes were assigned at random to three dietary treatments, namely a control (CDUP), moderate (MDUP) and high (HDUP) DUP group. The ewes (n = 14) in CDUP group were fed a protein maintenance level for pregnant ewes [83 g metabolizable protein (MP)/kg dry matter (DM)], while ewes in the MDUP (n = 13) and HDUP (n = 14) groups were fed diets provided 14% (94.7 g MP/kg DM) and 24% (104.3 g MP/kg DM) MP in excess of these requirements respectively, which this increment was coming from DUP (DUP/MP ratio 43.8; 51.0% and 57.6% respectively). All diets were isoenergetic (12 MJ ME/kg DM). All ewes received the same lactation diet after lambing. Ewes in HDUP tend to produce more colostrums (p < 0.1) and had higher protein, fat, and solids non-fat content (p < 0.05) in colostrums during the first 24 h after lambing. MDUP group had higher colostrum yield compared to CDUP (p < 0.1). The changes in body weight and body condition score of ewes were similar for all diets but placenta weight was higher in MDUP group (p < 0.05) than for HDUP and CDUP ewes. Lamb body weight at weaning was higher for males compared to females (p < 0.05), but was not different between treatments. HDUP ewes had higher blood glucose concentration in the pre-lambing period than other treatments (p < 0.05). In this period, increasing the level of DUP in diet increased the content of blood urea nitrogen (p < 0.05). It was concluded that increasing the DUP content of diet for 3 weeks prior to lambing above the standard requirements resulted in an increase in colostrums production but had no effect on lamb outcome to weaning.
Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus rhamnosus</i> EM1107 prevents hyperglycemia, alveolar bone loss, and inflammation in a rat model of diabetes and periodontitis; BackgroundThis study evaluated the antihyperglycemic, anti-bone-resorptive, and anti-inflammatory efficacy of the probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus EM1107 in an experimental model of ligature-induced periodontitis in diabetic rats treated with metformin (Met). MethodsA total of 114 male Wistar rats was randomly divided into six groups: (1) control, (2) experimental periodontitis (EP), (3) EP + diabetes mellitus (DM), (4) EP + probiotic (Prob), (5) EP + DM + Prob, and (6) EP + DM + Prob + Met. The animals received probiotic gavage during the 30 days of the experiment. DM was induced on the 14th day of the experiment with a single injection of streptozotocin into the penile vein, followed by ligature for EP induction and Met gavage on the 19th day and euthanasia on the 30th day. Heart blood, gingival and periodontal tissue, and hemimaxillae were collected. Biomolecular analysis, immunoenzymatic assays, histomorphology, and microtomographic analysis were performed. Data were statistically analyzed (p < 0.05). ResultsThere was a significant reduction in interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in the Prob groups (p < 0.05) as well as in blood glucose levels in the Prob and Met groups (p < 0.001). In addition, histomorphological analysis revealed that the Prob groups had a reduction in inflammatory infiltrate. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) and microtomographic analyses showed that the EP/DM/Prob/Met group had significantly lower linear and volumetric bone loss than those who had no treatment (p < 0.01). SOD and GPx immunostaining decreased in all groups receiving probiotics. ConclusionThe findings suggest the immunoinflammatory efficacy of the probiotic L. rhamnosus EM1107 administered either alone or in association with Met in type 1 DM associated with periodontitis.
Effect of group size and regrouping on physiological stress and behavior of calves; Mixing or regrouping of calves from different pens is a common animal management practice on the farm, which frequently occurs after weaning and has a negative effect on calve welfare. Social integration before regrouping may relieve stresses, but more evidences are needed to verify this hypothesis. The present study aimed to investigate acute physiological and behavioral variations of individually-or group-housed calves after being introduced into a mixed group. A total of 132 postnatal calves were randomly divided into groups of 1, 3, 6 and 12 animals (S, G3, G6, and G12; 6 replicates in each group) until 59 days of age. At 60 days of age, every two replicates from different groups (S, G3, G6 and G12) were introduced in a larger pen which containing 44 of the aboved experimental calves. Before and after regrouping, physiological parameters of stress, including heart rate (HR), saliva cortisol (S-CORT), saliva secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA), interleukin-2 (IL-2), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) levels, and behavioral responses were recorded. After regrouping, HR and S-CORT increased immediately (P<0.05), and higher (P<0.05) levels of such molecules were found in S calves compared to those in group-housed calves. Levels of SIgA and IL-2 were decreased (P<0.05), and the lowest (P<0.05) IL-2 values were found in S calves compared to those in group-housed calves. In addition, the introduced calves displayed a distinct behavior, including altered active and rest time, which was associated with negative emotions triggered by the novel surroundings. Allogrooming, play, exploration behaviors and lying time were increased significantly (P<0.05) in group-housed calves than those in S calves. Conversely, self-grooming, aggressive behaviors, standing and walking time were increased (P<0.05) in S calves than those in group-housed calves. These findings suggest that individually-housed calves may be more susceptible to stressors arising from regrouping than group -housed calves, which consequently negatively affected behavioral and neuroendocrine responses. Furthermore, moving calves with previous social experience may help mitigate regrouping stress.
Measuring the glycemic index of foods:: interlaboratory study; Background: Many laboratories offer glycemic index (GI) services. Objective: We assessed the performance of the method used to measure GI. Design: The GI of cheese-puffs and fruit-leather (centrally provided) was measured in 28 laboratories (n = 311 subjects) by using the FAO/WHO method. The laboratories reported the results of their calculations and sent the raw data for recalculation centrally. Results: Values for the incremental area under the curve (AUC) reported by 54% of the laboratories differed from central calculations. Because of this and other differences in data analysis, 19% of reported food GI values differed by > 5 units from those calculated centrally. GI values in individual subjects were unrelated to age, sex, ethnicity, body mass index, or AUC but were negatively related to within-individual variation (P = 0.033) expressed as the CV of the AUC for repeated reference food tests (refCV). The between-laboratory GI values (mean +/- SD) for cheese-puffs and fruit-leather were 74.3 +/- 10.5 and 33.2 +/- 7.2, respectively. The mean laboratory GI was related to refCV (P = 0.003) and the type of restrictions on alcohol consumption before the test (P = 0.006, r(2) = 0.509 for model). The within-laboratory SD of GI was related to refCV (P < 0.001), the glucose analysis method (P = 0.010), whether glucose measures were duplicated (P = 0.008), and restrictions on dinner the night before (P = 0.013, r(2) = 0.810 for model). Conclusions: The between-laboratory SD of the GI values is approximate to 9. Standardized data analysis and low within-subject variation (refCV < 30%) are required for accuracy. The results suggest that common misconceptions exist about which factors do and do not need to be controlled to improve precision. Controlled studies and cost-benefit analyses are needed to optimize GI methodology. The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00260858.
Genotyping and antibiotic resistance properties of <i>Helicobacter pylori</i> strains isolated from human and animal gastric biopsies; Purpose: The present study was done to assess the prevalence rate, antibiotic resistance pattern and genotyping status of the Helicobacter pylori strains isolated from human and animal gastric biopsy samples.
Conclusion on the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance phosmet; Phosmet is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/20003, as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/20024. This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the European Commission.
A Numerical Approach to the Magnetic Nanoparticle Hyperthermia; Magnetic Hyperthermia (MH) is an effective way for cancer treatment and enhancing drug delivery. In this method when magnetic nanoparticles are exposed to the magnetic field, start oscillations which can generate ultrasound waves. These resulting oscillations of nanoparticles may lead to the movement of drug carrier liposomes, which can be very useful for an efficient targeting in drug delivery, or produce heat in direct tumor cell killing. In this study, a revolved 3D and a 3D model of fixed and randomly distributed Ferromagnetic nanoparticles were developed. In the 3D model a nanoparticle was assumed in the corner of the hydrogel, while in the 3D model around 100 nanoparticles were randomly distributed in the hydrogel using a Swiss cheese model. A circular homogenous multi-turn coil with a voltage of 10 V was considered as the solenoid. The results of the 3D model showed a maximum magnetic flux density of 0.96 T which could induce magnetic forces, while the magnetic force can result in the displacement of the magnetic nanoparticles. The results of the revolved 3D model modified the fact that nanoparticles underwent some displacements. The induced nanoparticle displacements could be due to the generation of ultrasound intracellularly which can enhance the efficiency of drug delivery.
An easy to produce and economical three-dimensional brain phantom for stereotactic computed tomographic-guided brain biopsy training in the dog; ObjectiveTo develop and validate a three-dimensional (3D) brain phantom that can be incorporated into existing stereotactic headframes to simulate stereotactic brain biopsy (SBB) and train veterinary surgeons.
Improved Eradication Rate of Standard Triple Therapy by Adding Bismuth and Probiotic Supplement for <i>Helicobacter</i> <i>pylori</i> Treatment in Thailand; Background: Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) remains an important cause of gastric cancer and peptic ulcer disease worldwide. Treatment of H. pylori infection is one of the effective ways to prevent gastric cancer. However, standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication is no longer effective in many countries, including Thailand. This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of adding bismuth and probiotic to standard triple therapy for H. pylori eradication. Materials and Methods: In this prospective single center study, H. pylori infected gastritis patients were randomized to receive 7- or 14-day standard triple therapy plus bismuth with probiotic or placebo. Treatment regimen consisted of 30 mg lansoprazole twice daily, 1 g amoxicillin twice daily, 1 g clarithromycin MR once daily and 1,048mg bismuth subsalicylate twice daily. Probiotic bacteria composed of Bifidobacterium lactis, Lactobacillus acidophilus and Lactobacillus paracasei. Placebo was conventional drinking yogurt without probiotic. CYP2C19 genotyping and antibiotic susceptibility tests were also done. H pylori eradication was defined as a negative C-13-urea breath test at least 2 weeks after completion of treatment. Results: One hundred subjects were enrolled (25 each to 7- and 14-day regimens with probiotic or placebo). Antibiotic susceptibility tests showed 36.7% metronidazole and 1.1% clarithromycin resistance. CYP2C19 genotyping revealed 40.8%, 49% and 10.2% were rapid, intermediate and poor metabolizers, respectively. The eradication rates of 7- or 14 regimens with probiotics were 100%. Regarding adverse events, the incidence of bitter taste was significantly lower in the 7-day regimen with the probiotic group compared with 7-day regimen with placebo (40% vs. 64%; p=0.04). Conclusions: The 7-day standard triple therapy plus bismuth and probiotic can provide an excellent cure rate of H. pylori (100%) in areas with low clarithromycin resistance such as Thailand, regardless of CYP2C19 genotype. Adding a probiotic also reduced treatment-related adverse events.
Diabetes Mellitus and the Benefit of Antiresorptive Therapy on Fracture Risk; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is associated with increased risk of fractures. However, it is unclear whether current osteoporosis treatments reduce fractures in individuals with diabetes. The aim of the study was to determine whether presence of T2D influences the efficacy of antiresorptive treatment for osteoporosis using the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health (FNIH)-American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR)-Study to Advance Bone Mineral Density (BMD) as a Regulatory Endpoint (SABRE) cohort, which includes individual patient data from randomized trials of osteoporosis therapies. In this study we included 96,385 subjects, 6.8% of whom had T2D, from nine bisphosphonate trials, two selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) trials, two trials of menopausal hormone therapy, one denosumab trial, and one odanacatib trial. We used Cox regression to obtain the treatment hazard ratio (HR) for incident nonvertebral, hip, and all fractures and logistic regression to obtain the treatment odds ratio (OR) for incident morphometric vertebral fractures, separately for T2D and non-DM. We used linear regression to estimate the effect of treatment on 2-year change in BMD (n = 49,099) and 3-month to 12-month change in bone turnover markers (n = 12,701) by diabetes status. In all analyses, we assessed the interaction between treatment and diabetes status. In pooled analyses of all 15 trials, we found that diabetes did not impact treatment efficacy, with similar reductions in vertebral, nonvertebral, all, and hip fractures, increases in total hip and femoral neck BMD, and reductions in serum C-terminal cross-linking telopeptide (CTX), urinary N-telopeptide of type I collagen/creatinine (NTX/Cr) and procollagen type 1 N propeptide (P1NP) (all interactions p > 0.05). We found similar results for the pooled analysis of bisphosphonate trials. However, when we considered trials individually, we found a few interactions within individual studies between diabetes status and the effects of denosumab and odanacatib on fracture risk, change in BMD or bone turnover markers (BTMs). In sum, these results provide strong evidence that bisphosphonates and most licensed antiresorptive drugs are effective at reducing fracture risk and increasing BMD irrespective of diabetes status. (c) 2022 The Authors. Journal of Bone and Mineral Research published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR).
Infections after photodynamic therapy in Condyloma acuminatum patients: incidence and management; Condyloma acuminatum (CA), or genital wart, is a sexually transmitted infection caused by human papillomaviruses. Increasing evidences demonstrated that photodynamic therapy (PDT) is effective in eliminating latent HPV infection, the major reason for CA recurrence. We observed an increasing number of infections after PDT in CA patients, which has not been reported before. This study aims to evaluate the incidence and management of infection in CA patients after PDT procedure. CA patients received PDT from January 2015 to February 2016 at the outpatient setting. Patients were randomly divided into two groups: the control group and fusidic acid group. Patients in the fusidic acid group used topical fusidic acid (2%) and recombinant human interferon after 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA)-PDT procedure, while patients in the control group only used recombinant human interferon. Patients came to our department for follow-up evaluations at 4, 8, and 12 weeks after treatment for three times of PDT. Patients with ALA-PDT-associated infection were then randomly divided into two groups: the fusidic acid group and mupirocin group. During the 13-month study period, a total of 718 patients with 2154 times of PDT procedures were enrolled. The infection rate after PDT was 8.5% in the control group, while it was 1.1% in the prophylactic topical fusidic acid group. The cure rate of PDT-associated infection was 85.7% in the fusidic acid group and 86.7% in the mupirocin group. In conclusion, prophylactic topical antibiotic was useful for reduction of PDT-associated infection and optimal wound healing in CA patients.
Effects of oral intake of heat-killed <i>Lactobacillus brevis</i> SBC8803 (SBL88™) on dry skin conditions: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Lactobacilli are important in intestinal homeostasis,which involves the regulation of immune function, digestive health, cholesterol absorption and intestinal tumor growth amongst others. Our previous investigations have suggested that oral intake of heat-killed Lactobacillus brevis (L. brevis) SBC8803 (SBL88 (TM)) suppresses dermatitis by modulating the immune function in an atopic dermatitis mouse model. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 intake on skin hydration conditions in humans. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted with volunteers with slightly higher levels of transepidermal water loss (TEWL) on the forearm. The subjects (126 people aged between 21 and 59 years) were randomly allocated to three groups so that the level of TEWL and the age were distributed equally among the groups. The subjects took placebo or heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 at a daily dose of 25 or 50 mg for 12 weeks. Following the exclusion of eight subjects for plausible reasons (two withdrawals from the study, two for study violations, one for not meeting exclusion criteria and three due to their physical condition), 118 subjects were subjected to the analysis. The results of the present study revealed that following the analysis of the whole populations, marginal differences were observed in TEWL (for example, suppression of skin water loss) at the neck in the 25 mg/day group at week 8 and at the lower eye region in the 50 mg/day group at week 4 (P=0.05 and 0.09, respectively, compared with the placebo group analyzed by Dunnett's test). A significant increase in corneal hydration was also observed at the neck in the 25 mg/day group at week 12 (P=0.06, as compared with the placebo group as analyzed by Dunnett's test). In the analysis of the subpopulations whose habitual frequency of taking lactic fermentation products was less than once per week, the levels of corneal hydration at the neck (in the 50 mg/day group) and lower eye region (in the 25 mg/day group) were significantly increased at week 12 (P<0.05). In conclusion, the results of the present investigation suggest that oral intake of heat-killed L. brevis SBC8803 is effective at improving skin hydration conditions in populations with low habitual frequency of taking lactic fermentation products.
High-Grain Diet Feeding Altered Blood Metabolites, Rumen Microbiome, and Metabolomics of Yaks; Currently, information available on the comprehensive changes in the rumen bacteria and metabolites of yaks fed high-grain diets is limited. This study aimed to investigate the effects of high-grain diet feeding on the blood metabolites, rumen microbiome, and metabolomics of yaks by using 16S rDNA gene sequencing and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC/MS). Here, fourteen healthy male yaks (body weight, 249.61 +/- 8.13 kg) were randomly assigned to two different diets: a hay diet (0% grain, CON, n = 7), or a high-grain diet (70% grain, HG, n = 7). At the 74th day of treatment, blood and ruminal fluid samples were collected for the blood metabolites, rumen microbiome, and metabolomics analyses. The HG diet increased lipopolysaccharides (LPS), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), haptoglobin (HPT), serum amyloid-A (SAA), interleukin-1 beta (IL1-beta), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) serum concentrations (p < 0.05). Compared with the CON diet, the HG diet decreased rumen pH (p < 0.05), and increased total volatile fatty acids concentration, and proportion of butyrate (p < 0.05). The relative abundance of Firmicutes and Saccharibacteria were higher (p < 0.05), while Bacteroidetes was lower (p < 0.05) in the HG group than those in the CON group. At the genus level, the relative abundance of Christensenelaceae_R-7_group, Ruminococcaceae_NK4A214_group, Lachnospiraceae_NK3A20_group, and Acetitomaculum were higher than in those in the HG diet (p < 0.05). Compared with the CON group, the HG diet increased the concentrations of biogenic amines (histamine, tyramine, and putrescine), common amino acids (phenylalanine, threonine, serine, etc.), and arachidonic acid (prostaglandin H2, prostaglandin E2, 12(S)-HPETE, etc.). Collectively, these findings demonstrate that the HG diet altered the microbiota and metabolites, as well as potentially damaged their rumen health and induced inflammation in yaks.
Quality of life in treatment of AK: Treatment burden of ingenol mebutate gel is small and short lasting; Background: Treatments for actinic keratosis (AK) can elicit adverse local skin responses (LSRs). Knowledge regarding the burden of AK treatment on health related quality of life (HRQoL) is however limited. Objectives: To investigate whether treatment of AK improved HRQoL; to assess whether LSRs had an impact on HRQoL during treatment and to analyze the relationship between LSRs and HRQoL. Methods: Patients (n=329) were randomized for treatment with cryosurgery (CRY) followed by ingenol mebutate (IngMeb) (CRY+IngMeb) or CRY followed by vehicle (CRY+vehicle). HRQoL was analyzed using DLQI, EQ-5D and EQ-VAS at baseline, three days, two weeks and eight weeks post treatment. Results: Statistically significant HRQoL improvements were seen in all measures in both treatment groups (p<0.001). Impairments in DLQI in CRY+IngMeb at LSR peak were within a range interpreted as having a small impact on patients' life (2-5), which normalized within two weeks. Limitations: DLQI may not be sensitive to change in the AK disease as it mainly captures symptoms and has a limited focus on feelings. Conclusion: The treatment burden of IngMeb is small, manageable and short-lasting. Since AK is a chronic condition, often requiring repeated treatment courses, combining treatments that provide enhanced effectiveness, while limiting HRQoL impairment is essential.
Effects of dietary energy level on antioxidant capability, immune function and rectal microbiota in late gestation donkeys; Introduction This study investigated the effects of dietary energy level on the antioxidant capability, immune function, and rectal microbiota in donkey jennets during the last 60 days of gestation.Methods Fifteen pregnant DeZhou donkeys with age of 6.0 +/- 0.1 years, body weight of 292 +/- 33 kg, parity of 2.7 +/- 0.1 parities and similar expected date of confinement (74 +/- 4 days) were randomly allocated to three groups and feed three diets: high energy (10.92 MJ/kg, H), medium energy (10.49 MJ/kg, M), and low energy (9.94 MJ/kg, L).Results and Discussion The serum activity of catalase (CAT), total superoxide dismutase (T-SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), and total antioxidant capacity (T-AOC) in group M was significantly higher, whereas the concentrations of malondialdehyde (MDA), interleukin 1 (IL-1), IL-2, and IL-6 were lower than those recorded for groups H and L (p <= 0.05). The dietary energy level significantly affected rectal microbial community structure in the jennet donkeys 35 days and 7 days before the parturition (p <= 0.05). The abundances of norank_f_norank_o_Coriobacteriales genus was significantly higher (p <= 0.05) in group H, and the abundances of norank_f_norank_o_Mollicutes_RF39 and the Candidatus_Saccharimonas were higher in group L (p <= 0.05). The abundance of Fibrobacter in group M was significantly increased (p <= 0.05). The abundance of norank_f_norank_o_Coriobacteriales was positively correlated with average daily gain (ADG) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) concentrations (p <= 0.05). The abundance of norank_f_norank_o_Mollicutes_RF39 was positively correlated with IL-2 and IL-6 concentrations. The abundance of Candidatus_Saccharimonas was positively correlated with CAT, T-SOD and GSH-Px activities (p <= 0.05). The abundance of Fibrobacter was positively correlated with CAT and T-SOD activities (p <= 0.05), but negatively correlated with IL-2 concentration (p <= 0.05). In conclusion, an appropriate dietary with an energy content of 10.49 MJ/kg for jennet donkeys during late gestation increased the prenatal antioxidant capacity, reduced inflammatory cytokines, and promoted fetal growth, and these changes were related to diet-induced changes in rectal microbiota compositions.
A model study:: Simulation of marker gene deletion and target gene replacement mediated by Cre/<i>lox</i> system in cell line; The incorporation of site-specific recombination systems can help to overcome bottlenecks in livestock transgenic technology. For evaluating the efficiency of Cre/lox mediated DNA recombination in embryos and somatic cells, a working model was established using rat mammary carcinoma cell line SHZ-88, aimed at creation of and use repeatedly of selected "friendly loci" in transgenic livestock. An integration vector pTE-lox2272-DsRed-loxP-GFP-loxP, which red fluorescence gene DsRed served as the first target gene and green fluorescence gene GFP as marker gene, was constructed for introduction of acceptor loci in genome. At the same time a replacement vector pT-lox2272-neo-loxP in which Neo coding sequence served as the second target gene was also constructed for replacing DsRed gene. Transgenic cell clones were produced by electroporating SHZ-88 cell with the integration vector. Cells from three transgenic clones selected randomly were further amplified and were then co-electroporated with the replacement vector as well as cre gene. Analysis of the expression patterns of DsRed and GFP indicated that among the 1 070 cell colonies the efficiency on marker GFP deletion was 91.1% and the efficiency on gene replacement was 29.3%. Molecular analysis by PCR and Southern blotting confirmed that the color patterns as expressed by cell colonies could represent the actual molecular events. This working model mediated by Cre/lox system should be useful for the improvement of the present animal transgenic technology.
Evaluation of factors affecting serum IgG concentrations in bottle-fed calves; Objective-To determine the effect of time interval from birth to first colostrum feeding on colostrum intake and serum IgG concentration and the effect of varying colostral volume intake and colostral IgG concentration on the probability of failure of passive transfer (FPT) in bottle-fed calves.
A prospective randomized exploratory study comparing the efficacy of once-daily topical 0.5% 5-fluorouracil in combination with 10.0% salicylic acid (5-FU/SA) vs. cryosurgery for the treatment of hyperkeratotic actinic keratosis; BackgroundActinic keratoses (AKs) are clinically significant and require therapy. Efficacy of low-dose (0.5%) 5-fluorouracil with 10% salicylic acid (5-FU/SA) has been shown in randomized comparative trials of hyperkeratotic lesions of various grades.
Effects of Injectable Trace Minerals (ITMs) on Th1/Th2 Cytokine Balance of Newborn Calves with Tropical Theileriosis; Injectable trace minerals (ITMs) could provide a potential alternative way of trace mineral delivery for sick animals. Therefore, evaluation of ameliorative potentials of ITMs (copper, manganese, selenium, and zinc) on the circulating Th1/Th2 cytokine misbalance inTheileria annulata-infected calves was aimed. Forty-threeT. annulata-infected newborn calves were randomly allocated into four groups: buparvaquone alone-treated group (BUPA), buparvaquone + oxytetracycline (BUPA + OXY)-treated group, buparvaquone + injectable trace minerals (BUPA + ITMs)-treated group, and BUPA + OXY + ITM-treated group. Blood samples were collected from each of the calves before the start of therapy (day 0) and on day 14 post-therapy. Serum contents of pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines were estimated by bovine specific ELISA kits. On day 14 post-therapy, significant amelioration in the circulating levels of the studied cytokines was not observed in the calves treated with BUPA, while the calves treated with BUPA + OXY revealed significant (P <= 0.04) amelioration in the circulating tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) level. The calves treated with BUPA + ITMs revealed significant (P <= 0.041) elevation in the circulating interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) and significant (P <= 0.011) reduction in the interleukin-10 (IL-10) levels. Moreover, the calves treated with BUPA + OXY + ITMs revealed significant reduction in TNF-alpha (P <= 0.0001) and IL-10 (P <= 0.012) contents, and significant elevation in IFN-gamma (P <= 0.0002) content on day 14 post-therapy. None of the treated calve group revealed significant alteration in the circulating level of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) on day 14 post-therapy. In conclusion, administration of ITMs to the therapeutic regimen of newborn calves with tropical theileriosis could be a promising therapeutic strategy. ITMs can be recommended for the amelioration of immunological misbalance due to tropical theileriosis in newborn calves.
Local and systemic inflammatory response to the intrauterine infusion of enzymes during estrus in water buffaloes with subclinical endometritis; Our objective was to determine the effects of intrauterine infusion of proteolytic enzymes in buffaloes with subclinical endometritis (SCE) at estrus on the resolution of endometrial inflammation and reproductive performance. Buffaloes at spontaneous estrus (E1) were screened for SCE by endometrial cytology to identify SCE (& GE;5% PMN, n = 22) and non-SCE (<5% PMNs, n = 14) animals. All buffaloes underwent uterine ultrasonographic examination, low volume uterine lavage (cytokines and acute phase proteins) and blood sampling (cytokines and acute-phase proteins) at E1. On the same day (E1), SCE buffaloes were randomly selected either for intrauterine infusion of proteolytic enzymes (ENY, n = 11) or saline (PC, n = 11). Buffaloes without SCE were kept as untreated control (NC; n = 14). All buffaloes were re-examined and re-sampled during subsequent estrus (E2), inseminated during the following estrus (E3), and assessed for fertility related outcomes. Proteolytic infusion resulted a reduction in uterine PMN (P < 0.01) in SCE buffaloes. The concentrations of interleukin (IL)10 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-& alpha; in uterus, and TNF-& alpha; and IL-10 in serum were higher (P < 0.01) at E1 in buffaloes with SCE (PC and ENY) compared to NC. After treatment, uterine IL-10 and TNF-& alpha; (P = 0.02), and serum TNF-& alpha; and IL-10 were lower within the animals of ENY group (P < 0.01). Before treatment, buffaloes with SCE had higher concentrations (P < 0.01) of serum and uterine amyloid-A and haptoglobin, which decreased (P < 0.01) after treatment in the ENY group. None of the fertility outcomes differ between the treatment groups. In conclusion, intrauterine infusion of proteolytic enzymes reduced endometrial inflammation; however, did not improve reproductive outcomes.
Italian network for obesity and cardiovascular disease surveillance: A pilot project; Background: Also in Mediterranean countries, which are considered a low risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD), the increase in body mass index (BMI) has become a public health priority. To evaluate the feasibility of a CVD and obesity surveillance network, forty General Practitioners (GPs) were engaged to perform a screening to assess obesity, cardiovascular risk, lifestyle habits and medication use.
Activation of cellular apoptosis in the caecal epithelium is associated with increased oxidative reactions in lactating goats after feeding a high-concentrate diet; New Findings
The Form of Choline in the Maternal Diet Affects Immune Development in Suckled Rat Offspring; Background: Lipid-soluble phosphatidylcholine (PC) and aqueous free choline are absorbed and metabolized differently, but the metabolic effects of feeding these 2 forms of choline have not been thoroughly investigated.
Health effects of chronic high exposure to hexachlorobenzene in a general population sample; Hexachlorobenzene, an organochlorine compound that accumulates in humans, is widespread throughout the environment. In this study, we describe the health status of inhabitants of a rural village that surrounds an electrochemical factory characterized by high levels of hexachlorobenzene in the air. During 1994, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 1 800 inhabitants in the south of Catalonia, Spain, who were older than 14 y of age. We obtained information on lifestyles and occupational and medical histories via questionnaire. Self-reported health outcomes were validated against clinical records and cancer registry data. Serum revels of hexachlorobenzene were very high in males who worked in the electrochemical factory (geometric mean = 54.6 ng/ml in randomized participants). Levels were lower among subjects who had never worked in the electrochemical factory (females, 14.9 ng/ml; males, 9.0 ng/ml). Levels of other organochlorine compounds (i.e., beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, 2,2-bis[p-chlorophenyl]-1,1-dichloroethylene) were in the same range found in of her communities, Perceived health, prevalence of self-reported common chronic conditions, and porphyria cutanea tarda, thyroid pathology, Parkinson's disease, cancer, and reproductive outcomes were within the ranges observed in other studies. Employment in the plant, however, was associated with having any of the a priori selected health outcomes that were potentially related to exposure to hexachlorobenzene (odds ratio for cancer prevalence = 1.9; 95% confidence interval = 0.5, 7.6). Our population of workers and nonworkers had the highest revels of hexachlorobenzene ever described. The results suggest that exposure to hexachlorobenzene did not affect the general health status of the this population, but it was associated with specific health effects of the most highly exposed subjects.
Analyses of single nucleotide polymorphisms in selected nutrient-sensitive genes in weight-regain prevention: the DIOGENES study; Background: Differences in the interindividual response to dietary intervention could be modified by genetic variation in nutrient-sensitive genes.
Evaluation of Long-term Clearance Rates of Interventions for Actinic Keratosis A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis; IMPORTANCE Multiple interventions are available for the treatment of actinic keratosis (AK). However, most randomized clinical trials and meta-analyses focus on short-term efficacy outcomes.
Assessing Signal Intensity Change on Well-registered Images: Comparing Subtraction, Color-encoded Subtraction, and Parallel Display Formats; Purpose: To assess the sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, and inter-observer reliability of subtraction, color-encoded subtraction, and parallel display formats in assessing signal intensity (SI) differences between well-registered images.
<i>Theileria parva</i> infection seroprevalence and associated risk factors in cattle in Machakos County, Kenya; The principle objective of this study was to estimate the infection seroprevalence and identify risk factors associated with Theileria parva infection in cattle on smallholder farms in Machakos County, Kenya. A total of 127 farms were selected by a proportional allocation approach based on the number of farms in four divisions in the county previously selected by stratified random sampling method. Subsequently, a total sample of 421 individual animals was randomly selected from the farms. Information on animal and relevant individual farm management practices was gathered using a standardized questionnaire. Prevalence of serum antibodies was determined using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Multivariable logistic models incorporating random effects at the farm level evaluated the association between the presence of T. parva antibodies and the identified risk variables. The overall estimation of T. parva antibodies in the county was 40.9 % (95 % confidence interval of 36.1, 45.7 %). Seroprevalence to T. parva was significantly associated with animal age, vector tick infestation in the animal, tick control frequency, and administrative division. Further analyses suggested a confounding relationship between administrative division and both breed and grazing system and the T. parva seropositivity. Random effects model yielded intra-farm correlation coefficient (ICC) of 0.18. The inclusion of farm random effect provided a substantially better fit than the standard logistic regression (P = 0.032). The results demonstrate substantial variability in the T. parva infection prevalence within all categories of the cattle population of Machakos County of Kenya, where East Coast fever is endemic.
Rutin Supplementation Reduces Oxidative Stress, Inflammation and Apoptosis of Mammary Gland in Sheep During the Transition Period; Rutin, a common dietary flavonoid, exhibits remarkable pharmacological activities such as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory functions. Metabolic stress in mammals during the transition period affects mammary gland health. The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the protective effect of rutin supplementing against metabolic stress in the mammary glands of sheep during the transition period, particularly after parturition. Transition Hu sheep (2-3 years old with 62.90 +/- 2.80 kg) were randomly divided into three groups, the control group was fed a diet without rutin, while rutin (50 and 100 mg/kg body weight/day) was administered to the two treatment groups (-28 day to +28 day relative to parturition). Serum and blood samples were collected from jugular vein on days -14, -7, +1, +2, +7, +14, +21, +28 relative to parturition. Mammary tissue biopsy samples of four sheep from the treatment group were harvested on day +28 postpartum. Compared to that in the control group, rutin supplementation resulted in lower beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHBA) while increasing the concentrations of non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and globulin after lactation. Furthermore, rutin treatment led to lower hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) and malonaldehyde (MDA) levels, resulting in increased catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and total antioxidant potential (T-AOC). Compared to that in the control group, rutin inhibits the mRNA expression of inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). In addition, rutin markedly downregulated the ratio of phosphorylated NF-kappa B p65 (p-p65) to total NF-kappa B p65 (p65). Meanwhile, rutin supplementation resulted in high mRNA abundance of the nuclear factor erythroid 2-like 2 (NFE2L2, formerly NRF2) and its target gene, heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), which plays critical roles in maintaining the redox balance of the mammary gland. Furthermore, rutin treatment lowered the levels of various downstream apoptotic markers, including Bax, caspase3 and caspase9, while upregulating anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 protein. These data indicate the positive effect of rutin against inflammation, oxidative stress status, and anti-apoptotic activity in the mammary gland. The mechanism underlying these responses merits further study.
Plasma Industrial and Ruminant <i>Trans</i> Fatty Acids and Incident Type 2 Diabetes in the EPIC-Potsdam Cohort; OBJECTIVEAlthough dietary intake of trans fatty acid (TFA) is a major public health concern because of the associated increase in the risk of cardiovascular events, it remains unclear whether TFAs also influence risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and whether industrial TFAs (iTFAs) and ruminant TFAs (rTFAs) exert the same effect on health. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSTo investigate the relationship of 7 rTFAs and iTFAs, including 2 conjugated linoleic acids (CLAs), plasma phospholipid TFAs were measured in a case-cohort study nested within the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam cohort. The analytical sample was a random subsample (n = 1,248) and incident cases of T2D (n = 801) over a median follow-up of 6.5 years. Using multivariable Cox regression models, we examined associations of TFAs with incident T2D. RESULTSThe TFA subtypes were intercorrelated with each other, with other fatty acids, and with different food sources. After controlling for other TFAs, the iTFAs (18:1n-6t, 18:1n-9t, 18:2n-6,9t) were not associated with diabetes risk. Some rTFA subtypes were inversely associated with diabetes risk: vaccenic acid (18:1n-7t; hazard ratio [HR] per SD 0.72; 95% CI 0.58-0.89) and t10c12-CLA (HR per SD 0.81; 95% CI 0.70-0.94), whereas c9t11-CLA was positively associated (HR per SD 1.39; 95% CI 1.19-1.62). Trans-palmitoleic acid (16:1n-7t) was not associated with diabetes risk when adjusting for the other TFAs (HR per SD 1.08; 95% CI 0.88-1.31). CONCLUSIONSThe TFAs' conformation plays an essential role in their relationship to diabetes risk. rTFA subtypes may have opposing relationships to diabetes risk. Previous observations for reduced diabetes risk with higher levels of circulating trans-palmitoleic acid are likely due to confounding.
Potential use of ground brown rice for weanling pigs; The purpose of the current study was to assess the effects of substituting corn with ground brown rice on growth performance, immune status, and gut microbiota in weanling pigs. Seventy-two weanling pigs (28 d old with 6.78 +/- 0.94 kg body weight [BW]) were randomly allotted to two dietary treatments with six pens and six pigs (three barrows and gilts) per pen within a randomized complete block design. The control pigs were fed a typical diet for weanling pigs based on corn and soybean meal diet (control diet: CON), and the other pigs were fed a formulated diet with 100% replacement of corn with ground brown rice for 35d (treatment diet: GBR). Growth performance, immune status, and gut microbiota of weanling pigs were measured. The substitution of corn with GBR did not affect growth performance or diarrhea frequency. Additionally, there were no differences in white blood cell number, hematocrit, cortisol, C-reactive protein, and serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels between pigs fed CON or GBR for the first 2 wk after weaning. However, weanling pigs fed GBR had lower (P < 0.05) serum transforming growth factor-beta 1 level than those fed CON. Furthermore, weanling pigs fed GBR had increased (P < 0.05) relative abundance of phylum Firmicutes and genus Lactobacillus and Streptococcus and decreased (P < 0.05) relative abundance of phylum Bacteroidetes and genus Clostridium and Prevotella in the gut microbiota compared with those fed CON. In conclusion, there was no significant difference in growth performance when corn was replaced with ground brown rice in diets for weanling pigs. Furthermore, the substitution of corn with ground brown rice in weaning diet modulated immune status and gut microbiota of pigs by increasing beneficial microbial communities and reducing harmful microbial communities. Overall, ground brown rice-based diet is a potential alternative to corn-based diet without negative effects on growth performance, immune status, and gut microbiota changes of weanling pigs.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance phosmet; Phosmet is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/20001, as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/20022. This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
Pregnancy rates following AI with sexed semen in Mediterranean Italian buffalo heifers (<i>Bubalus bubalis</i>); The use of sexed semen in farm animal production and genetic improvement has been shown to be feasible with variable degree of efficiency in a number of species, and proved to be economically viable in cattle. In the last two decades, various newly developed reproductive technologies applicable in buffaloes have mushroomed. Recently, following the birth a the first buffalo calves using AI with sexed semen, commercial interest to exploit sexing of semen in this species too is aroused. In order to verify the successful adoption of this technology in the buffalo, the present study on the use of sexed semen for AI was carried out and compared with conventional artificial insemination using nonsexed semen. A total of 379 buffalo heifers were used for synchronization of ovulation using the Presynch protocol in the South of Italy. Selected animals at the time of AI were randomly allocated to three different experiment groups: (1) 102 animals subjected to AT in the body of the uterus with sexed semen (SS body); (2) 104 animals subjected to AI in the horn of the uterus with sexed semen (SS horn); and (3) 106 animals subjected to AI in the body of the uterus with conventional nonsexed semen (NSS body). Semen of three buffalo bulls was sexed by a collaborating company and commercially distributed in 0.25 mL straws with a total of 2 million sexed spermatozoa. Pregnancy rates were first assessed at Day 28 following AI, and rechecked at Day 45 by ultrasound. Pregnancy rates were, nonsignificantly different between animals inseminated with sexed or nonsexed semen: 80/206 (38.8%) and 40/106 (37.7%), respectively (P = 0.85). However, site of insemination of sexed semen affected pregnancy rate significantly as higher pregnancy rates were obtained when sexed semen was deposited into the body rather than the horn of the uterus: 46/101 (45.5%) and 34/105 (32.3%), respectively (P = 0.05). In conclusion, the use of sexed semen in buffalo heifers gave satisfactory and similar pregnancy rates when compared with conventional nonsexed semen. Deposition of sexed semen into the body of the uterus, however, increased pregnancy rates significantly. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase and interleukin-12 in experimental necrotizing enterocolitis; Background. Previous investigators have relied on administration of pro-inflammatory cytokines or invasive surgical procedures to reproduce the morphologic changes of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in rats. However, these artificial insults do not mimic the human disease. We developed a reproducible model of NEC in rats that more closely resembles human NEC and determined the pattern of inflammatory cytokine expression in this model.
The mechanism of action and clinical benefits of soy for the treatment of hyperpigmentation; Background
Efficacy of imiquimod, an immunomodulatory agent, on experimental endometriosis; Objective: To investigate the efficacy of irniquinnod on endometriosis.
Quantifying within- and between-animal variation and uncertainty associated with counts of <i>Escherichia coli</i> O157 occurring in naturally infected cattle faeces; Cattle faeces are considered the most important reservoir for human infection with Escherichia coli O157. We have previously described shedding of E. coli O157 in the faeces of naturally infected cattle cohorts. However, the data require further investigation to quantify the uncertainty and variability in the estimates previously presented. This paper proposes a method for analysing both the presence and the quantity of E. coli O157 in cattle faecal samples, using two isolation procedures, one of which enumerates E. coli O157. The combination of these two measurements, which are fundamentally different in nature and yet measuring a common outcome, has necessitated the development of a novel statistical model for ascertaining the contribution of the various components of variation ( both natural and observation induced) and for judging the influence of explanatory variables. Most of the variation within the sampling hierarchy was attributable to multiple samples from the same animal. The contribution of laboratory-level variation was found to be low. After adjusting for fixed and random effects, short periods of increased intensity of shedding were identified in individual animals. We conclude that within-animal variation is greater than between animals over time, and studies aiming to elucidate the dynamics of shedding should focus resources, sampling more within than between animals. These findings have implications for the identification of persistent high shedders and for assessing their role in the epidemiology of E. coli O157 in cattle populations. The development of this non-standard statistical model may have many applications to other microbial count data.
Extracellular Nicotinamide Phosphoribosyltransferase Is a Therapeutic Target in Experimental Necrotizing Enterocolitis; Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is the most common gastrointestinal emergency of prematurity. Postulated mechanisms leading to inflammatory necrosis of the ileum and colon include activation of the pathogen recognition receptor Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) and decreased levels of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta). Extracellular nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (eNAMPT), a novel damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP), is a TLR4 ligand and plays a role in a number of inflammatory disease processes. To test the hypothesis that eNAMPT is involved in NEC, an eNAMPT-neutralizing monoclonal antibody, ALT-100, was used in a well-established animal model of NEC. Preterm Sprague-Dawley pups delivered prematurely from timed-pregnant dams were exposed to hypoxia/hypothermia and randomized to control-foster mother dam-fed rats, injected IP with saline (vehicle) 48 h after delivery; control + mAB-foster dam-fed rats, injected IP with 10 mu g of ALT-100 at 48 h post-delivery; NEC-orally gavaged, formula-fed rats injected with saline; and NEC + mAb-formula-fed rats, injected IP with 10 mu g of ALT-100 at 48 h. The distal ileum was processed 96 h after C-section delivery for histological, biochemical, molecular, and RNA sequencing studies. Saline-treated NEC pups exhibited markedly increased fecal blood and histologic ileal damage compared to controls (q < 0.0001), and findings significantly reduced in ALT-100 mAb-treated NEC pups (q < 0.01). Real-time PCR in ileal tissues revealed increased NAMPT in NEC pups compared to pups that received the ALT-100 mAb (p < 0.01). Elevated serum levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin-8 (IL-8), and NAMPT were observed in NEC pups compared to NEC + mAb pups (p < 0.01). Finally, RNA-Seq confirmed dysregulated TGF beta and TLR4 signaling pathways in NEC pups that were attenuated by ALT-100 mAb treatment. These data strongly support the involvement of eNAMPT in NEC pathobiology and eNAMPT neutralization as a strategy to address the unmet need for NEC therapeutics.
Effects of Dietary Fat Sources during Late Gestation on Colostrum Quality and Mammary Gland Inflammation in Lipopolysaccharide-Challenged Sows; Simple Summary In the present study, late gestating sows were challenged with lipopolysaccharide (LPS) endotoxin, which can impair the immune system of mammary gland cells and result in an inflammatory response. Additionally, the LPS-treated sows were fed 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO) diets and were used to study the effect of fat sources on the colostrum quality and mammary gland inflammation of sows exposed to immune challenge. The results show that FO inclusion exerted anti-inflammatory effects in mammary glands and counteracted the LPS-induced damaged colostrum synthesis and pro-inflammatory response when compared to CO diets. These findings suggest that fatty acid profiles of different oil types in late gestation differentially affect metabolic health in sows, but a longer period of FO supplementation to sows is needed to determine a positive effect on piglets. This study aimed to investigate the effects of maternal lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge and dietary fat sources on colostrum quality and inflammatory response in sows. Sixty Landrace x Yorkshire sows were randomly assigned to three dietary treatments supplemented with 3% soybean oil (SO), 3% coconut oil (CO) or 3% fish oil (FO), respectively, from Day 90 of gestation until parturition. On Day 112 of gestation, half the sows from each dietary treatment were challenged with LPS (10 mu g/kg BW) or saline. The results showed that maternal LPS challenge decreased colostrum yield and dry matter content. A similar pattern of changes was observed for body weight gain and colostrum intake in piglets from LPS-challenged sows. Maternal LPS challenge increased the levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF alpha), interleukin 1 beta (IL1 beta) and IL6 in colostum, and the mRNA abundance of IL6, IL1 beta and TNF alpha and the phosphorylation level of p65 in mammary glands. However, the responses of these variables to LPS treatment were lower in sows fed a FO diet. In conclusion, maternal immune challenge reduced the growth performance of piglets by decreasing colostrum yield and intake by piglets, and dietary supplementation with FO in sows attenuates the LPS-induced inflammatory response in mammary glands.
Comparison of solid-state-cultured and wood-cultured <i>Antrodia</i> <i>camphorata</i> in anti-inflammatory effects using NF-κB/luciferase inducible transgenic mice; Purpose: Antrodia camp horata (AC), a highly valued polypore mushroom native only to Taiwan, has been traditionally used as a medicine for the treatment of food and drug intoxication, diarrhea, abdominal pain, hypertension, skin itching, and cancer. In this study, both of solid-state-cultured AC (S-AC) and woodcultured AC (W-AC) were evaluated the anti-inflammatory effects on hyperoxia-induced lung injury in NF-kappa 13-luciferase(+/+) transgenic mice.
Fortification of orange juice with vitamin D<sub>2</sub> or vitamin D<sub>3</sub> is as effective as an oral supplement in maintaining vitamin D status in adults; Background: Vitamin D has been added to calcium-fortified orange juice. It is unknown whether vitamin D is as bioavailable from orange juice as it is from supplements.
The influence of a triclosan toothpaste on adverse events in patients with cardiovascular disease over 5-years; Adverse effects of long-term usage of triclosan-containing toothpaste in humans are currently unknown. We assessed the effect of long-term use of 0.3% triclosan-toothpaste on serious adverse events (SAEs) in patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD). 438 patients with a history of stable CVD were entered into the 5-year longitudinal Cardiovascular and Periodontal Study at Prince Charles Hospital, Brisbane, Australia and randomised into test (triclosan) or placebo groups. There were no significant differences in demographics or clinical features between the groups. Patients were examined at baseline, and annually for 5-years. SAEs were classified according to the System Organ Classes defined by MedDRA (Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities). Results were analysed using chi square and Kaplan Meier analysis. Overall, 232 patients (123 in the triclosan group; 109 in the placebo group) experienced 569 SAEs (288 in the triclosan group and 281 in the placebo group). There was no significant difference between the groups in numbers of patients experiencing SAEs (p = 035) or specific cardiovascular SAEs (p = 0.82), nor in time to the first SAE or first cardiovascular SAE, irrespective of gender, age or BMI after adjusting for multiple comparisons (p > 0.05). The adjusted odds of experiencing an SAE were estimated to increase by 2.7% for each year of age (p = 0.02) and the adjusted odds of experiencing a cardiovascular SAE were estimated to increase by 5.1% for each unit increase in BMI (p = 0.02). Most cardiovascular events were related to unstable angina or myocardial infarcts, 21 were associated with arrhythmia and 41 were vascular events such as aortic aneurysm and cerebrovascular accident. Within the limitations of the present study the data suggest that the use of triclosan-toothpaste may not be associated with any increase in SAEs in this CVD population. The long-term impact of triclosan on hormone-related disease, such as cancer, in humans remains to be determined. (C) 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Beliefs about bioidentical hormone therapy: A cross-sectional survey of pharmacists; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess pharmacists' beliefs about bioidentical hormone therapy (BHT) and to identify factors influencing these beliefs.
Application of an independent dose calculation software for estimating the impact of inter-fractional setup shifts in Helical Tomotherapy treatments; The purpose of this study is to validate the capability of in-house independent point dose calculation software to be used as a second check for Helical Tomotherapy treatment plans. The software performed its calculations in homogenous conditions (using the Cheese phantom, which is a cylindrical phantom with radius 15 cm and length 18 cm) using a factor-based algorithm. Fifty patients, who were treated for pelvic (10), prostate (14), lung (10), head 82 neck (12) and brain (4) cancers, were used. Based on the individual patient kVCT images and the pretreatment MVCT images for each treatment fraction, the corresponding daily patient setup shifts in the IEC-X, IEC-Y, and IEC-Z directions were registered. For each patient, the registered fractional setup shifts were grouped into systematic and random shifts. The average systematic dosimetric variations showed small dose deviation for the different cancer types (1.0%-3.0%) compared to the planned dose. Of the fifty patients, only three had percent differences larger than 5%. The average random dosimetric variations showed relatively small dose deviations (0.2%-1.1%) compared to the planned dose. None of the patients had percent differences larger than 5%. By examining the individual fractions of each patient, it is observed that only in 31 out of 1358 fractions the percent differences exceeded the border of 5%. These results indicate that the overall dosimetric impact from systematic and random variations is small and that the software is a capable platform for independent point dose validation for the Helical Tomotherapy modality. (C) 2012 Associazione Italiana di Fisica Medica. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
New insights into the role of dietary spermine on inflammation, immune function and related-signalling molecules in the thymus and spleen of piglets; This study aimed to determine the effects of dietary spermine supplementation on the inflammatory response and immune function of the thymus and spleen in piglets. Eighty suckling piglets were randomly assigned to receive adequate nutrients supplemented with spermine (0.4mmol/kg body weight) or restricted nutrient intake supplemented with normal saline for 7h or 3, 6 and 9days in pairs. Regardless of treatment time, spermine supplementation decreased (p<0.05, compared with the controls) the following: (1) tumour necrosis factor (TNF-), interleukin (IL)-1, 2 and 6, and interferon (IFN)- levels in serum; (2) gene expression of cluster of differentiation 8 and integrin beta-2 in the thymus and spleen and the lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1 in the thymus; (3) mRNA levels of TNF-, IL 1, 2, 6, and 12, IFN- and inducible nitric oxide synthase in the thymus and spleen, as well as IL-8 in the spleen; and (4) eukaryotic IF4E-binding protein 1, Janus kinase 2, signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, and nuclear factor-kappa B P65 gene transcriptions in the thymus and spleen. By contrast, spermine supplementation increased (p<0.05) the following: (1) immunoglobulin M, IL-10, and transforming growth factor 1 gene expression, as well as (2) relative mRNA levels of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 in the thymus and spleen. These effects were also observed upon prolonged spermine administration (p<0.05). In summary, dietary spermine supplementation can alleviate inflammatory response, enhance the immune function and regulate the gene expression of signalling molecules related to inflammation.
A randomised trial comparing low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate and protein ratio, combined with regular moderate intensity exercise, on glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors, food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in adults with type 2 diabetes: Study protocol; Background: Hypocaloric low-fat diets, high in protein with moderate carbohydrate (HP) can enhance weight loss, improve glycaemic control and improve cardiometabolic health risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, it is unclear whether the metabolic benefits observed during weight loss are sustained during energy-balance and weight maintenance. Furthermore, there is a lack of evidence regarding the effect of HP diets on food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in T2DM, despite carbohydrate food cravings, cognitive impairment and depression being associated with hyperglycaemia.
Long-term effects of consumption of a novel fat emulsion in relation to body-weight management; Objective: To assess weight maintenance after weight loss by consumption of yoghurt with a novel fat emulsion (Olibra) including effects on body composition, resting energy expenditure (REE), fat oxidation, hunger feelings and satiety hormones.
Effect of alternative farrowing pens with temporary crating on the performance of lactating sows and their litters; This study was performed to development the alternative farrowing pen (AFP) and to investigate performance and behavior of lactating sows and their litter. A total of 64 multiparous sows were randomly divided into two groups and were allocated to farrowing crates (FCs) and AFPs. The AFPs contained a crate and support bars that could be folded to provide the sows with extra space on day 5 postpartum. Behavior was recorded by charge-coupled device cameras and digital video recorders, and the data were scanned every 2 min to obtain an instantaneous behavioral sample. Farrowing systems did not affect feed intake, back-fat thickness, litter size and piglet weight at birth and weaning (p 0.05), whereas there were no differences in suckling and lying behavior between piglets in the two farrowing systems (p 0.05). It is concluded that the AFPs with temporary crating until day 4 postpartum did not negatively affect performance and crushed piglet compared with the FCs. It also may improve animal welfare by allowing sows to move and turn around during the lactating period. Further research is needed to find suitable housing designs to enhance productivity and animal welfare.
Evaluation of endocrine and immune responses of steers challenged with infectious bovine rhinotracheitis virus; Objective-To evaluate the endocrine and immune responses of steers challenged with infectious bovine rhinotracheitis virus (IBRV).
Risk assessment of lead and cadmium concentrations in hen's eggs using Monte Carlo simulations; The hen egg is one of the main sources of cheap, great quality, and nutritious food. This study aimed at determining the level of lead (Pb) and cadmium (Cd) in hen eggs and at assessing the carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic risks caused by the consumption of hen eggs collected in Iran. A total of 42 hen eggs from 17 major brands were randomly sampled from supermarkets. Lead and cadmium concentrations were determined by using inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). Additionally, using the Monte Carlo simulation (MCS) method to calculate dietary exposure, target hazard quotient (THQ), and incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR), the related human health risk associated with ingesting these hazardous metals for adults was evaluated. The average Pb and Cd concentrations in whole eggs were 7.16 +/- 0.248, and 2.83 +/- 0.151 mu g kg(-1), respectively, which were less than the maximum permitted levels, established by FAO/WHO and the Institute of Standards and Industrial Research of Iran (ISIRI). Pb and Cd concentrations were significantly correlated at the 0.05 level (r = 0.350). Regarding the levels of Pb and Cd in eggs, overall, the estimated weekly intake (EWI) of these metals for adults by egg consumption was determined 0.014 and 0.007 mg/week, respectively, which were lower than the risk values suggested. The carcinogenic and non-carcinogenic indexes of Cd and Pb indicated that the adult population in Iran was safe (THQ Pb and Cd <1, ILCR <10(-6) Pb). It should be emphasized that this research primarily focuses on egg consumption, which may account for a relatively small portion of Iranian consumers' overall exposure to Pb and Cd. Therefore, a comprehensive study on the risk assessment of these metals through whole-diet foods is recommended. The findings showed that lead and cadmium levels in all evaluated eggs were suitable for human consumption. Adults' Pb and Cd exposure from eating eggs was significantly lower than the risk levels established by Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA), per the exposure assessment. According to the THQ values of these dangerous metals, which were below one value, egg eating by Iranian consumers does not present a non-carcinogenic risk. In addition, this finding provides accurate and reliable information for policymakers to improve food safety status to reduce public health hazards.
Effect of varying amounts of linseed oil or saturated fatty acids around insemination on reproductive and blood parameters of ewes; The current study was designed to evaluate the effect of sequential low and high dietary linseed oil (LO; as omega-3 enriched fatty acid; FA) prior and post insemination, respectively, on different plasma variables of ewes. Fat-tailed Qezel ewes were assigned randomly to be fed a diet enriched with 3% LO (n=30) or the saturated FA (SFA; n=30) three weeks before insemination (Day 0). The lipogenic diet supplemented with 6% LO or SFA was fed after insemination until Day +21. The control ewes fed an isocaloric and isonitrogenous diet with no additional FA during the study. Estrus was synchronized by inserting a vaginal sponge (Spongavet (R), HIPRA, Spain) for 12 days + 500 IU eCG (Gonaser (R), HIPRA, Spain) and ewes were inseminated via laparoscopic approach 56-59 h after eCG injection. The size of ovarian structures was assessed by transvaginal ultrasonography at -21, -14, -2, 0, and +10 days. Blood samples were collected every week to measure the different biochemical variables and FA profile of the plasma. Treatment did not affect on the amounts of glucose, aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, interleukin-10, interleukin-2, and non-esterified FA (P > 0.05). Whereas, concentrations of triglyceride, cholesterol, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and insulin like growth factor-1 were higher in SFA fed ewes relative to control animals (P < 0.05). LO feeding resulted in greater amounts of n-3 FA isomers in plasma, while higher amounts of stearic acid was detected in SFA fed group 0 and +21 (P < 0.05). The number of ovarian follicles and corpora lutea also were not affected by treatment. Except the reproductive rate, other reproductive variables were not affected by treatment. It seems that LO or SFA feeding of fat-tailed ewes peri-insemination period was not superior relative to isocaloric non-additional fat diet provided for the control group during the non-breeding season.
Efficiency of two timed artificial insemination protocols in Murrah buffaloes managed under a semi-intensive system in the tropics; The objective of the study was to determine the efficiency of ovsynch (OV) versus presynch-ovsynch (P-OV) protocol for synchronization of ovulation and timed artificial insemination (TAI) in female buffaloes. The OV group (n = 40) received gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) on day 0 (random day of the estrous cycle), prostaglandin (PGF(2 alpha)) on day 7 and a second GnRH administration on day 9 followed by a single artificial insemination (AI) 16-20 h later. The P-OV group (n = 40) received two PGF(2 alpha) injections 14 days apart, with the second injection administered 14 days before starting the OV protocol. Progesterone (P-4) was measured at the time of PGF(2 alpha) administration (within the OV protocol) and AI. Neither ovulation rate ((24 h after TAI) OV 90%-36/40 vs. P-OV 85%-34/40) nor pregnancy rates ((day 60 after TAI) OV 35%-14/40 vs. P-OV 45%-18/40) differed between the two protocols. Pregnant buffaloes had lower concentrations of P-4 at AI compared with non-pregnant animals in the OV group (0.7 +/- 0.1 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.1 ng/ml); but in the P-OV group, differences did not reach statistical significance (0.8 +/- 0.1 vs. 1.0 +/- 0.1 ng/ml). This apparent trend reached statistical significance when the analysis was carried out in animals from both protocols (0.7 +/- 0.1 (pregnant) vs. 1.1 +/- 0.1 (non-pregnant) ng/ml). In conclusion, both protocols synchronize ovulation effectively with no significant differences in conception rates. High concentrations of P-4 at AI seem to be detrimental for the establishment of pregnancy in lactating buffalo cows.
Impact of norgestomet supplementation during early luteal phase on subsequent luteal profiles and conception rate in buffalo: a preliminary study; The current study was aimed to establish the impact of progesterone supplementation (norgestomet progestagen) between days 4 to 10 post-ovulation on subsequent luteal profile and conception rate in buffaloes. The 28 Murrah buffaloes of second to fourth parity, having normal reproductive organs, were estrus synchronized by double PGF(2 alpha) protocol at 11 days apart. The buffaloes were inseminated during mid- to late estrus and thereafter repeated at 24 h interval. The buffaloes were randomly assigned into two groups: (1) control (no treatment, n = 14) and (2) treatment group (CRESTAR ear implant, n = 14). The CRESTAR ear implant (3 mg, norgestomet progestagen) was inserted subcutaneous between days 4 to 10 post-ovulation. The ovaries were scanned at estrus and thereafter on days 4, 10, 16, 21, and 40 post-ovulation to examine the preovulatory follicle (POF) and corpus luteum (CL) diameter. Each ultasonography was followed by blood sample collection for analysis of plasma progesterone concentrations following ovulation. The conception rate was similar (p > 0.05) between treated and control buffaloes. The pregnant buffalo of the control group had larger (p < 0.05) POF diameter than nonpregnant counterparts. The CL diameter was similar (p > 0.05) in both treated and untreated control as well as in their pregnant and nonpregnant buffaloes of the respective groups. The plasma progesterone concentrations were higher (p < 0.05) in the treatment group on the day 10 post-ovulation as compared to the control buffaloes. It is concluded that norgestomet supplementation had no impact on conception rate and CL diameter but enhances the plasma progesterone concentrations following treatment in buffaloes.
Visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and the development of chronic kidney disease in treated general hypertensive patients; Background. Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in general treated hypertensive patients were limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the development of CKD, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients without prior cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) or CKD.
Association of visit-to-visit variability in blood pressure and first stroke risk in hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease; Objective: Data on the association between visit-to-visit variability (VVV) in blood pressure (BP) and the risk of stroke among hypertensive patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is limited. We aimed to evaluate the relation of VVV in BP with the risk of stroke, and examine any possible effect modifiers in hypertensive patients with mild-to-moderate CKD. Methods: This is a post-hoc analysis of the China Stroke Primary Prevention Trial. A total of 3091 patients with estimated glomerular filtration rate 30-60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) and/or proteinuria at baseline, without occurring stroke and with BP measurements of at least two visits from randomization to the 12-month visit were included. The main VVV in BP was expressed as SD. The primary outcome was first stroke. Results: The median subsequent treatment duration was 3.7 years. After multivariable adjustment, including baseline SBP and mean SBP during the first 12-month follow-up, there was a significantly positive relationship of SD SBP with the risk of subsequent first stroke (per SD increment; odds ratio, 1.41; 95% confidence interval: 1.17-1.69) and first ischemic stroke (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval: 1.26-1.90). Results were consistent across various subgroups, including age, sex, baseline SBP, treatment compliance, and mean SBP, concomitant usage of calcium channel blocker during the first 12-month follow-up period. Similar trends were also found for coefficient of variation SBP, and SD or coefficient of variation DBP. However, there was no significant association between BP variability and first hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusion: In hypertensive adults with mild-to-moderate CKD, visit-to-visit variability in BP was significantly associated with the risk of subsequent first stroke.
Grape seed extract and chromium nicotinate reduce impacts of heat stress in Simmental x Qinchuan steers; To assess the impacts of grape seed extract (GSE) fed with or without chromium nicotinate (CN) on beef steers under heat stress conditions, 40 Simmental x Qinchuan steers (400 +/- 10 days old; 410 +/- 8.0 kg) were randomly assigned to one of four diets (n = 10 per group): basal diet (CON group); basal diet + 33 mg/day CN (CN group); basal diet + 65 mg/kg DM GSE (GSE group); and basal diet + 33 mg/day CN + 65 mg/kg DM GSE (CN + GSE group). This study was conducted in summer and the steers were housed in outdoor shaded pens (10 steers/pen) and fed individually. The experiment lasted for 35 days, the first 7 days for diet and housing condition adaptation. The amount of feed intake was recorded daily; individual bodyweight was recorded on Days 8, 22, and 36. On Day 36 before feeding, six steers per group were slaughtered for collection of blood and tissue samples. Average daily liveweight gain and dry matter intake of steers were increased by the GSE, CN, and CN + GSE treatments (P < 0.05). Dietary treatments increased the activities of glutathione peroxidase and total superoxide dismutase in plasma (P < 0.05) and plasma concentration of interleukin 10 on Days 22 and 36 (P < 0.05), whereas decreased plasma concentration of tumour necrosis factor-alpha on Day 22 (P < 0.05). Overall, supplementation of GSE alone or with CN had positive effects on the growth performance of steers under heat stress conditions.
Decreased Capacity for Sperm Production Induced by Perinatal Bisphenol A Exposure Is Associated with an Increased Inflammatory Response in the Offspring of C57BL/6 Male Mice; Many previous studies have indicated the adverse effects of bisphenol A (BPA) on sperm production and quality; however, the mechanisms underlying BPA male reproductive toxicity have yet to be elucidated. The main purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of perinatal exposure to BPA on the spermatogenic capacity of male offspring, and to explore the possible influence of inflammatory responses in BPA reproductive toxicity. Twenty-one pregnant C57BL/6mice were randomly divided into three groups: a control group, a group receiving 0.2 mu g/mL (LBPA), and a group receiving 2 mu g/mL of BPA (HBPA), all via drinking water from gestational day 6 to the end of lactation. After weaning, one male mouse was randomly selected from each group (n = 7/group); these three mice were fed a normal diet and drinking water for 1 month. Levels of serum testosterone (T) and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha were then measured in all mice. Sperm count and the proportion of sperm malformation were also determined. The levels of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4), nuclear factor (NF)-kappa B, and aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) protein expression in the testis tissue were determined. Analysis showed that the proportion of sperm malformation increased in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05). Sperm count significantly decreased only in the HBPA group (p < 0.05), while the levels of serum TNF-alpha increased in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05). Levels of serum T decreased significantly in the HBPA group, compared with controls (p < 0.05). Levels of TLR4 and NF-kappa B protein expression in the testis were significantly higher in the LBPA and HBPA groups (p < 0.05 or p < 0.01), while AhR protein expression was higher and seminiferous tubules in the testis showed more damage in the HBPA group compared to controls (p < 0.05 and p < 0.01, respectively). Our results showed that perinatal exposure to low or high doses of BPA decreased the capacity for spermatogenesis in male offspring, which may be associated with an inflammatory response activated by the TLR4/ NF-kappa B and AhR signaling pathways in the testis.
Effects of dietary live yeast supplementation on growth performance and biomarkers of metabolism and inflammation in heat-stressed and nutrient-restricted pigs; Study objectives were to determine the effects of dietary live yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain CNCM I-4407; ActisafHR+; 0.25g/kg of feed; Phileo by Lesaffre, Milwaukee, WI) on growth performance and biomarkers of metabolism and inflammation in heat-stressed and nutrient-restricted pigs. Crossbred barrows (n = 96; 79 +/- 1 kg body weight [BW]) were blocked by initial BW and randomly assigned to one of six dietary-environmental treatments: 1) thermoneutral (TN) and fed ad libitum the control diet (TNCon), 2) TN and fed ad libitum a yeast containing diet (TNYeast), 3) TN and pair-fed (PF) the control diet (PFCon), 4) TN and PF the yeast containing diet (PFYeast), 5) heat stress (HS) and fed ad libitum the control diet (HSCon), or 6) HS and fed ad libitum the yeast diet (HSYeast). Following 5 d of acclimation to individual pens, pigs were enrolled in two experimental periods (P). During P1 (7 d), pigs were housed in TN conditions (20 degrees C) and fed their respective dietary treatments ad libitum. During P2 (28 d), HSCon and HSYeast pigs were fed ad libitum and exposed to progressive cyclical HS (28-33 degrees C) while TN and PF pigs remained in TN conditions and were fed ad libitum or PF to their HSCon and HSYeast counterparts. Pigs exposed to HS had an overall increase in rectal temperature, skin temperature, and respiration rate compared to TN pigs (0.3 degrees C, 5.5 degrees C, and 23 breaths per minute, respectively; P < 0.01). During P2, average daily feed intake (ADFI) decreased in HS compared to TN pigs (30%; P < 0.01). Average daily gain and final BW decreased in HS relative to TN pigs (P < 0.01); however, no differences in feed efficiency (G:F) were observed between HS and TN treatments (P > 0.16). A tendency for decreased ADFI and increased G:F was observed in TNYeast relative to TNCon pigs (P < 0.10). Circulating insulin was similar between HS and TN pigs (P > 0.42). Triiodothyronine and thyroxine levels decreased in HS compared to TN treatments (similar to 19% and 20%, respectively; P < 0.05). Plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) did not differ across treatments (P > 0.57) but tended to decrease in HSYeast relative to HSCon pigs (P = 0.09). In summary, dietary live yeast did not affect body temperature indices or growth performance and had minimal effects on biomarkers of metabolism; however, it tended to improve G:F under TN conditions and tended to reduce the proinflammatory mediator TNF-alpha during HS. Further research on the potential role of dietary live yeast in pigs during HS or nutrient restriction scenarios is warranted.
A phase II dose-ranging study of topical resiquimod to treat actinic keratosis; Background Resiquimod, a toll-like receptor 7 and 8 agonist, may be effective as a topical treatment of actinic keratosis (AK).
The influence of intramammary lipopolysaccharide infusion on serum Ca, P, vitamin D, cytokines and cortisol concentrations in lactating sows; Ten multiparous lactating sows were used to investigate whether intramammary infusion of lipopolysaccharides (LPS; Escherichia coli 0111:B4; 2.0 mu g/kg of body weight) would affect the circulating concentrations of Ca, P, 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD), tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and cortisol. The sows were randomly allotted to either control group (control) or LPS-treated group with five individuals per group and were infused with either physiological saline solution or LPS solution. The rectal temperature and udder quarter appearance were recorded at 0 (just before infusion), 1, 3, 7, 12 or 24 h after infusion. Blood samples were taken at 0, 1, 3, 7, 12 or 24 h after infusion. Before infusion, the rectal temperatures of all sows were below 39.2 degrees C. At 3 and 7 h after infusion, the sows in the LPS group had a rectal temperature over 39.4 degrees C. At 24 h after infusion, the rectal temperatures returned to pre-infusion levels. Serum Ca and P concentrations in the LPS group decreased (P < 0.05) after LPS infusion compared with the control group at 1 h after infusion. No significant differences (P > 0.05) in the concentrations of 25-OHD were observed between groups control and LPS at any sampling time. Increased (P < 0.01) concentrations of serum TNF-alpha, IL-6 and cortisol were observed in the LPS group compared with the control group at 3 and 7 h after infusion respectively. In conclusion, the elevation of serum concentrations of TNF-alpha, IL-6 and cortisol and the alterations of circulating concentrations of Ca and P following LPS infusion indicate that the immune system has been activated and immune activation may affect macromineral homeostatic regulation, which might have important implications for metabolic health of lactating sows. Lowered serum Ca and P following immune activation also shows a causative mechanism whereby immune activation increases the risk of secondary disorders such as mastitis-metritis-agalactia syndrome. However, immune activation did not affect circulating concentrations of vitamin D metabolites.
Cigarette smoking, nicotine dependence and anxiety disorders: a systematic review of population-based, epidemiological studies; Background: Multiple studies have demonstrated that rates of smoking and nicotine dependence are increased in individuals with anxiety disorders. However, significant variability exists in the epidemiological literature exploring this relationship, including study design (cross-sectional versus prospective), the population assessed (random sample versus clinical population) and diagnostic instrument utilized.
Impact of Buserelin Acetate or hCG Administration on the Day of First Artificial Insemination on Subsequent Luteal Profile and Conception Rate in Murrah Buffalo (<i>Bubalus bubalis</i>); Contents This study was designed to investigate the impact of buserelin acetate (BA) or human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) administration on the day of first artificial insemination (AI) on subsequent luteal profile (diameter of corpus luteum (CL) and plasma progesterone) and conception rate in Murrah buffalo. The present experiment was carried out at two locations in 117 buffalo that were oestrus-synchronized using cloprostenol (500g) administered (i.m.) 11days apart followed by AI during standing oestrus. Based on treatment (i.m.) at the time of AI, buffalo were randomly categorized (n=39 in each group) into control (isotonic saline solution, 5ml), dAI-BA (buserelin acetate, 20g) and dAI-hCG (hCG, 3000 IU) group. Out of these, 14 buffalo of each group were subjected to ovarian ultrasonography on the day of oestrus to monitor the preovulatory follicle and on days 5, 12, 16 and 21 post-ovulation to monitor CL diameter. On the day of each sonography, jugular vein blood samples were collected for the estimation of progesterone concentrations. All the buffalo (n=117) were confirmed for pregnancy on day 40 post-ovulation. The conception rate was better (p<0.05) in dAI-BA (51.3%) and dAI-hCG (66.7%) groups as compared to their control counterparts (30.8%). Furthermore, the buffalo of dAI-hCG group had improved (p<0.05) luteal profile, whereas the buffalo of dAI-BA group failed (p>0.05) to exhibit stimulatory impact of treatment on luteal profile when compared to control group. In brief, buserelin acetate or hCG treatment on the day of first AI leads to an increase in conception rate; however, an appreciable impact on post-ovulation luteal profile was observed only in hCG-treated Murrah buffalo.
Effect of Dietary Starch-to-Fat Ratio on Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, and Microbiota of Multiparous Sow and Newborn Piglets; This experiment aimed to evaluate the effects of dietary starch-to-fat ratio on reproductive performance and lipid metabolism of sows and newborn piglets. A total of 75 Landrace x Yorkshire multiparous sows at d 84 of gestation were selected and randomly divided into three groups based on body weight. From d 85 of gestation to farrowing, sows were fed one of three dietary starch-to-fat ratios (20:1, 10:1, and 5:1). Dietary high starch-to-fat ratio increased the birth weight of piglets (p < 0.05). The apparent total digestibility of dry matter, organic matter, and gross energy of sows was improved by an increasing starch-to-fat ratio during gestation (p < 0.05). Decreased dietary starch-to-fat ratio increased the concentration of plasma triglycerides, total cholesterol, and GSH-Px in sows (p < 0.05). During parturition, sows had increased plasma interleukin (IL) -1 beta, IL-6, and tumor necrosis factor alpha in the low ratio group (p < 0.05). The relative abundance of Streptococcaceae in the low ratio group was significantly higher (p < 0.05). The medium dietary starch-to-fat ratio significantly increased the concentrations of short chain fatty acids. In conclusion, this study suggested that for sows a diet with ahigh starch to fat ratio could ameliorate lipid metabolism disorder and maternal inflammation during late gestation.
The Relationship between Dietary Habits and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study; Purpose This study aimed to explore the potential causal relationship between dietary habits and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD). Methods Using the inverse-variance weighted method, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed to investigate the causal relationship between 22 dietary habits and GERD. The stability and reliability of the results were assessed using leave-one-out analysis, heterogeneity tests, and tests for horizontal pleiotropy based on the effect measure odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Results The results of the MR analysis indicated a positive association between alcohol drinking (OR=1.472; 95% CI, 1.331 to 1.629; p<1.0x10(-3)) and salt added to food (OR=1.270; 95% CI, 1.117 to 1.443; p<1.0x10(-3)) with the risk of GERD. Conversely, bread intake (OR=0.613; 95% CI, 0.477 to 0.790; p<1.0x10(-3)), cereal intake (OR=0.613; 95% CI, 0.391 to 0.677; p<1.0x10(-3)), cheese intake (OR=0.709; 95% CI, 0.593 to 0.846; p<1.0x10(-3)), dried fruit intake (OR=0.535; 95% CI, 0.404 to 0.709; p<1.0x10(-3)), fresh fruit intake (OR=0.415; 95% CI, 0.278 to 0.619; p<1.0x10(-3)), and oily fish intake (OR=0.746; 95% CI, 0.633 to 0.879; p<1.0x10(-3)) were negatively associated with the risk of GERD. Sensitivity analysis showed no evidence of reverse causation, pleiotropy, or heterogeneity. Conclusion Alcohol and salt added to food raised GERD risk, while bread intake, cereal intake, cheese intake, intake of certain dried fruits and certain fresh fruits, and oily fish lowered it. Our study affirms the potential causal link between these diets and GERD, offering insights into targeted prevention strategies.
Causal associations between dietary habits and CVD: a Mendelian randomisation study; Over the years, numerous observational studies have substantiated that various dietary choices have opposing effects on CVD. However, the causal effect has not yet been established. Thus, we conducted a Mendelian randomisation (MR) analysis to reveal the causal impact of dietary habits on CVD. Genetic variants strongly associated with 20 dietary habits were selected from publicly available genome-wide association studies conducted on the UK Biobank cohort (n 449 210). Summary-level data on CVD were obtained from different consortia (n 159 836-977 323). The inverse-variance weighted method (IVW) was the primary outcome, while MR-Egger, weighted median and MR Pleiotropy RESidual Sum and Outlier were used to assess heterogeneity and pleiotropy. We found compelling evidence of a protective causal effect of genetic predisposition towards cheese consumption on myocardial infarction (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;67; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;544, 0 & BULL;826; P = 1 & BULL;784 x 10(-4)) and heart failure (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;646; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;513, 0 & BULL;814; P = 2 & BULL;135 x 10(-4)). Poultry intake was found to be a detrimental factor for hypertension (IVW OR = 4 & BULL;306; 95 % CI = 2 & BULL;158, 8 & BULL;589; P = 3 & BULL;416 x 10(-5)), while dried fruit intake was protective against hypertension (IVW OR = 0 & BULL;473; 95 % CI = 0 & BULL;348, 0 & BULL;642; P = 1 & BULL;683 x 10(-6)). Importantly, no evidence of pleiotropy was detected. MR estimates provide robust evidence for a causal relationship between genetic predisposition to 20 dietary habits and CVD risk, suggesting that well-planned diets may help prevent and reduce the risk of CVD.
'Stopping the start': support for proposed tobacco control policies - a population-based survey in Great Britain 2021-2023; Objectives This study assessed public support for four proposed tobacco control policies in Great Britain: (1) Raising the sales age of tobacco by 1 year every year (Smokefree Generation); (2) Raising the sales age of tobacco from 18 years to 21 years; (3) Providing prescription e-cigarettes as smoking cessation aids to adults who smoke; (4) Restricting e-cigarette advertising to prevent youth uptake.Design Repeat cross-sectional population-based survey weighted to match the population of Great Britain.Setting The survey was conducted in England, Scotland and Wales in September 2021, October 2022 and October 2023.Participants 6541 adults living in Great Britain.Main outcome measures Support for each policy and year and prevalence ratios (PRs) comparing support between years and subgroups.Results The most popular policy each year was restricting e-cigarette advertising (74%/79%/85%), followed by raising the sales age to 21 years (50%/58%/64%), providing prescription e-cigarettes (45%/44%/47%) and Smokefree Generation (34%/44%/49%). The largest increases were for policies about the age of sale (Smokefree Generation: 2021/2022 PR=1.28, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.40, 2022/2023 PR=1.12, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.20; raising the age to 21 years: 2021/2022 PR=1.16, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.23, 2022/2023 PR=1.11, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.17). Only 30% opposed Smokefree Generation in 2023 down from 41% in 2021.Conclusions Support for each policy increased each year, except for providing prescription e-cigarettes. Restricting e-cigarette advertising was the most popular policy, while support for age of sale policies, in particular for a Smokefree Generation, grew most.Trial registration The study protocol was published on the Open Science Framework (https://osf.io/46z2c/) prior to starting the analysis.
Edible bird's nest alleviates pneumonia caused by tobacco smoke inhalation through the TNFR1/NF-κB/NLRP3 pathway; Exposure to cigarette smoke directly damages the lungs and causes lung inflammation. The anti-inflammatory properties of edible bird's nest (EBN) have been reported. We aimed to determine the effect of EBN on pneumonia in a mouse model exposed to cigarette smoke. Fifty BALB/c mice were randomly divided into control, model, positive drug, low-dose EBN, and high-dose EBN groups (n = 10 each). Except for the control group, the mice in each group were exposed to four cigarettes once a day for 8 days. In addition, we validated the effects of EBN on A549 cells and investigated the mechanism by which EBN alleviates lung inflammation. Edible bird's nest (EBN) could alleviate the structural damage of lung tissue and the smoke-induced inflammatory response in mice. The best effect was observed at the high dose of EBN (0.019 g). The mice treated with EBN had a stronger ability than those in the model group to resist cigarette smoke stimulation, as indicated by a decrease in serum and lung inflammatory markers (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor-alpha [TNF-alpha], and interleukin 8 [IL-8]), an increase in serum interleukin 10 (IL-10) levels, and a decrease in the expression of inflammasome NOD-like receptor pyrin 3 (NLRP3). In addition, our cell experiments showed that EBN attenuated cigarette smoke-induced pulmonary inflammation mainly by inhibiting the tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFR1)/nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappa B)/NLRP3 pathway. These findings provide theoretical evidence for the positive nutritional qualities of EBN for the lung by demonstrating that it inhibits the TNFR1/NF-kappa B/NLRP3 signaling pathway, which prevents the development of cigarette smoke-induced pulmonary inflammation.
Effects of Different Combinations of Sodium Butyrate, Medium-Chain Fatty Acids and Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids on the Reproductive Performance of Sows and Biochemical Parameters, Oxidative Status and Intestinal Health of Their Offspring; Simple Summary Dietary supplementation with fatty acids benefits the high productivity of sows and plays an essential role in piglet growth. Considering that the mechanisms of the fatty acid types on animal physiology differ, combined supplementation may have additive effects. Therefore, we investigated the effects of different combinations of fatty acids with different chain lengths on the reproductive performances of sows and on the antioxidant capacity, immune function, and intestinal health of their offspring. Taken together, the dietary supplementation of sows with different combinations of SB, MCFAs, and omega-3 PUFAs to the sows during late gestation and lactation can efficiently improve the growth performance, immune function, antioxidant capability, and intestinal microbiota and decrease the incidence of diarrhea in the suckling piglets. Additionally, dietary SMP supplementation has better effects on piglet intestinal health and is likely through gut microorganism alterations. The aim of the study was to investigate the comparative effects of different combinations of sodium butyrate (SB), medium-chain fatty acids (MCFAs), and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) on the reproductive performances of sows, as well as on the biochemical parameters, oxidative statuses, and intestinal health of the sucking piglets. A total of 30 sows were randomly allocated to five treatments: (1) control diet (CON); (2) CON with 1 g/kg of coated SB and 7.75 g/kg of coated MCFAs (SM); (3) CON with 1 g/kg of coated SB and 68.2 g/kg of coated n-3 PUFAs (SP); (4) CON with 7.75 g/kg of coated MCFAs and 68.2 g/kg of coated n-3 PUFAs (MP); (5) CON with 1 g/kg of coated SB, 7.75 g/kg of coated MCFAs and 68.2 g/kg of coated n-3 PUFA (SMP). The results showed that sows fed the SP, MP, and SMP diets had shorter weaning-to-estrus intervals than those fed the CON diet (p < 0.01). The piglets in the SM, SP, and MP groups showed higher increases in the plasma catalase and glutathione peroxidase activities than those of the CON group (p < 0.01). The diarrhea incidence of piglets in the SM, SP and SMP groups was lower than that of piglets in the CON group (p < 0.01). Additionally, the addition of SM, SP, MP, and SMP to the sow diets increased the contents of immunoglobulin A, immunoglobulin G, fat, and proteins in the colostrum (p < 0.01), as well as the plasma total superoxide dismutase activities (p < 0.01) in the suckling piglets, whereas it decreased the mRNA expressions of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-1 beta, and toll-like receptor 4 in the jejunum mucosa of the piglets. The relative abundances of Prevotella, Coprococcus, and Blautia in the colonic digesta of the piglets were increased in the SM group (p < 0.05), and the relative abundances of Faecalibacterium increased in the SMP group (p < 0.05), compared with the CON group. The relative abundances of Collinsella, Blautia, and Bulleidia in the MP group were higher than those in the CON group (p < 0.05). Collectively, dietary combinations of fatty acids with different chain lengths have positive effects on the growth performances and intestinal health of suckling piglets.
Maternal sitagliptin treatment attenuates offspring glucose metabolism and intestinal proinflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-α expression in male rats; Increasing evidence shows that maternal overnutrition may increase the risk of diabetes in offspring. We hypothesized that maternal sitagliptin intervention may improve glucose intolerance through gut targeting. Female Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were fed a normal diet (ND) or a high-fat diet (HFD) for 4 weeks before mating. ND pregnant rats were divided into two subgroups: ND group (ND alone) and the ND-sitagliptin group (ND combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment). HFD pregnant rats were randomized to one of two groups: HFD group (HFD alone) and the HFD-sitagliptin group (HFD combined with 10 mg/kg/day sitagliptin treatment) during pregnancy and lactation. Glucose metabolism was assessed in offspring at weaning. Intestinal gene expression levels were investigated. Maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in male pups. Moreover, maternal sitagliptin treatment inhibited offspring disordered intestinal expression of proinflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (Il6), ll1b, and tumor necrosis factor (Tnf), at weaning and reduced intestinal IL-6, TNF-alpha expression by immunohistochemical staining and serum IL-6, TNF-alpha levels. However, maternal sitagliptin intervention did not affect offspring serum anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 level. Our results are the first to show that maternal sitagliptin intervention moderated glucose metabolism in male offspring. It may be involved with moderating intestinal IL-6 and TNF-alpha expression in male rat offspring.
Supplementing Ca salts of soybean oil after artificial insemination increases pregnancy success in <i>Bos taurus</i> beef cows; Two experiments investigated the effects of supplementing Ca salts of soybean oil (CSSO) during early gestation on reproductive function and pregnancy rates to AI in Bos taurus beef cows. In Exp. 1, 771 suckled, lactating, multiparous Angus cows were divided into 22 groups of approximately 35 cows per group and timed inseminated on day 0. After AI, groups were assigned randomly to receive (as-fed basis) 100 g of ground corn + 100 g of soybean meal per cow/d, in addition to 1) 100 g/cow daily of CSSO (n = 11) or 2) 87 g of prilled saturated fat + 13 g of limestone per cow/d (CON; n = 11). Groups were maintained in individual tall fescue-dominated pastures and offered treatments from day 0 to 21. Pregnancy status was determined between days 45 and 55 via transrectal ultrasonography. Cows receiving CSSO had greater (P = 0.01) pregnancy rates to timed AI compared with CON (60.2 vs. 51.7%; SEM = 4.2). In Exp. 2, 90 suckled, lactating, multiparous Angus x Hereford cows housed in 18 drylot pens (5 cows per pen) were assigned to the same timed AI program and treatments from Exp. 1 (9 pens per treatment) and received 20 kg/d (DM basis) of grass-alfalfa hay. Transrectal ultrasonography was performed to verify ovulation and corpus luteum (CL) volume before AI (day 0), on days 7 and 15. After ultrasonography on day 15, cows diagnosed without a CL on day 0, but with a CL greater than 0.38 cm(3) in volume on days 7 and 15 (2 or 3 cows per pen; CSSO, n = 20; CON, n = 24), were assigned to conceptus collection via transcervical flushing and endometrial biopsy in the uterine horn ipsilateral to the CL. Blood samples were collected for FA analysis on days 0, 7, and 15. Blood was collected from cows not assigned to conceptus collection for whole-blood RNA extraction on day 20 and for pregnancy diagnosis on day 30 by measuring concentrations of pregnancy-associated glycoproteins. Cows receiving CSSO had greater (P <= 0.04) mean plasma concentrations of linoleic acid and omega-6 FA compared with CON on days 7 and 15. Moreover, CSSO supplementation increased (P = 0.05) mRNA expression of interferon-tau by the conceptus and blood mRNA expression of interferon-stimulated gene 15 and 20,50-oligoadenylate synthetase on day 20 in gestating cows. Hence, post-AI CSSO supplementation to B. taurus beef cows improved pregnancy rates to timed AI, which can be associated with increased mRNA expression of interferon-tau by the conceptus when CSSO is supplemented during early gestation.
Pooling samples for "top-down" molecular exposomics research: the methodology; Background: Exposomics is the cutting-edge concept of screening the environmental risk factors for disease. In the novel "top-down" approach, we estimate the molecular exposome by measuring all body fluid analytes in a case-controlled study. However, to detect diverse pollutants, a sufficient sample size and multiple analytical methods are required. This may lead to dramatically increased costs and research workload.
LH surge in response to the treatment with GnRH analog or estradiol in ovariectomized buffaloes with or without progesterone pre-exposition; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the LH surge after EB (estradiol benzoate) or GnRH administration with or without P4 (progesterone) pre-exposure in ovariectomized (OVX) buffalo cows. Females were randomly assigned to receive an intravaginal P4 device (D0-D9). They were then given EB 24 h or GnRH 36 h post-P4 device removal (factorial 2 x 2, n=6 per group). Blood collection for LH measurement began 36 h after the P4 device removal and continued at 3 h intervals. The area under the LH curve (AUC; 30.2 ng(2) and 13.41 ng(2); P=0.007) and the area of the LH peak (AP; 19.0 ng(2) and 8.9 ng(2); P=0.009) were greater for EB than GnRH. We did not observe an effect of P4 pre-exposure on the AUC and AP. Furthermore, there was no interaction between P4 pre-exposure and EB or GnRH treatment on the AUC and AP. However, there was an interaction (P < 0.01) between P4 pre-exposure and the type of inducer (EB or GnRH) to release a preovulatory-like LH surge at the beginning (BP), final (FP) and time (TP) of the LH peak. The P4 pre-exposure anticipated the BP (2.5 and 7.4 h), TP (6.0 and 12.0 h) and FP (11.5 and 17.1 h) when EB was used to induce a preovulatory-like LH surge (P < 0.01). However, there was no effect of P4 pre-exposure on BP (0.4 and 0.4 h), TP (3.0 and 3.0 h) and FP (5.9 and 6.1 h) with GnRH treatment. There was also no effect of the pre-exposure to P4, type of inducer or interaction on the amplitude of the LH peak. We concluded that EB therefore led to greater LH release than GnRH, and pre-exposure to P4 before EB administration anticipated the preovulatory-like LH surge in buffalo cows. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Genetic parameters and accuracy of traditional and genomic breeding values for eye pigmentation, hair coat and breed standard in Hereford and Braford cattle; The objectives of this research were to estimate genetic parameters using a threshold animal model by traditional (pedigree and phenotype) and single-step genomic BLUP methodologies, and assess breeding value accuracy gains with the inclusion of genomic information for eye pigmentation (EP), hair coat at weaning (HW) and yearling (HY) and breed standard (BS) in Hereford and Braford cattle. The relationship of these traits with tick resistance was also evaluated. The data used in this study were obtained from Conexao Delta G breeding program and belong to animals born between 1991 and 2014, totaling 169,839 individuals in the pedigree data, 73,615 phenotypes for EP, 81,043 for HW, 41,390 for HY, 28,186 for BS and 16,621 for tick count (TC). The genotypic data, after quality control, retained 41,011 SNP markers and 3,954 samples, including 2841 Braford and 909 Hereford animals with phenotypic records for at least one of the considered traits. Estimated heritabilities through traditional and genomic methods ranged from high to medium magnitude, being, respectively 0.46 +/- 0.02 and 0.46 +/- 0.02 for EP, 0.44 +/- 0.03 and 0.44 +/- 0.03 for HW, 0.42 +/- 0.02 and 0.41 +/- 0.02 for HY and 0.33 +/- 0.02 and 0.32 +/- 0.02 for BS. Genetic correlations among all traits were of low magnitude (-0.23 < rg < 0.29), except between HW and HY (0.62). The use of genomic information provided higher accuracy levels with gains of 0.28 and 0.14 for EP, 0.13 and 0.07 for HW, 0.16 and 0.30 for HY and 0.10 and 0.04 for BS traits, respectively considering k-means and random grouping cross-validation strategies. Thus, it is possible to obtain genetic gains in adaptation through selection for the studied traits. High genetic correlation between the hair coat evaluated at weaning and yearling indicates that selection for these traits can be performed in advance at weaning. Although low, the favorable correlations between adaptation traits favors the selection of animals that are more adapted to the tropical environmental conditions, using correlated responses to increased eye pigmentation and reduced hair coat and tick count simultaneously. The prediction of breeding values using genomic information by the single-step method should result in more accurate predictions compared to traditional pedigree evaluations.
Genetic prediction of micronutrient levels and the risk of colorectal polyps: A mendelian randomization study; Objective: Previous epidemiological and experimental studies have yielded conflicting results regarding the influence of human micronutrient levels on the risk of colorectal polyps (CP). In our study, we conducted a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) investigation to probe the link between 13 human micronutrients (calcium, selenium, magnesium, phosphorus, folate, vitamins B-6, B-12, C, D, beta-carotene, iron, zinc, and copper) and the genetic susceptibility to CP. Methods: Summary statistics for CP (n 1/4 463,010) were obtained from pan-European genome-wide association studies, and instrumental variables for 13 micronutrients were screened from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). After selecting suitable instrumental variables, we performed a two-sample MR study, deploying sensitivity analyses to judge heterogeneity and pleiotropy, using inverse variance weighted methods as our primary estimation tool. Results: Our study identified that a genetic predisposition to elevated toenail and circulating selenium or serum b-carotene concentrations lowers the risk of CP occurrence. However, no statistically significant association was observed between the other 11 micronutrients and the risk of CP. Conclusion: The study findings provide evidence that the micronutrient selenium and b-carotene may confer protective effects against the development of CP. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
Bacterial Contamination of Blood DNA Samples is Associated with Donor's Health Condition; Bacterial contamination often occurs in human blood DNA samples, possibly due to bacteremia or an inappropriate procedure during sample preparation. This study aimed at analyzing the clinical significance of bacterial DNA contamination in human blood DNA samples and to assess its influence on experimental data. DNA samples (N = 1359) were randomly selected from population-based cohort samples to determine bacterial DNA contamination by polymerase chain reaction and direct DNA sequencing. Bacterial DNA contaminated samples (N = 150) were then assessed for experimental quality of single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) chip data, compared with uncontaminated DNA samples (N = 1209). DNA sequencing data showed that a major source of bacterial contaminants was derived from Alcaligenes species. The occurrence of bacterial DNA contaminations was significantly associated with some clinical variables including a postprandial glucose level at 60 min, % body fat, and waist-to-hip ratio. It was also found that there was no difference of SNP call rates between bacterial DNA contaminated samples and uncontaminated DNA samples. This study showed that bacterial DNA contamination in human blood samples was related to donor's health condition, suggesting that the occurrence of bacterial DNA contamination may provide useful health information of blood donors and a potential tool for human disease genomics.
Is breast not best? Feeding babies born to HIV-positive mothers: Bringing balance to a complex issue; Breastfeeding prevents millions of infant deaths each year throughout the world but causes at least one-third of all pediatric HIV infections. The first randomized trial of breastfeeding versus formula feeding, reported from Nairobi in March 2000, demonstrated an improved outcome for babies of highly selected HIV-positive mothers assigned to formula feed. However, several conditions must be in place and accepted before such replacement feeding can increase HIV-free survival. The proportion of sub-Saharan African women who have access to and will accept these conditions is small. In the short term, efforts to make breastfeeding safer will probably benefit a greater number of African babies.
A randomized trial assessing the effects of health claims on choice of foods in the presence of front-of-pack labels; Background: As a public health intervention, front-of-pack labels (FoPLs) have the potential to reach large numbers of consumers and promote healthier food choices. Of the different FoPLs, those that summarize a product's overall nutritional profile tend to be most effective in guiding healthier choices. However, information is lacking as to whether FoPLs are as effective when nutrient or health claims also appear on-pack.
Nutrition and Cardiovascular Health; A multitude of studies have been published on the relationship between cardiovascular disease risk and a variety of nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns. Despite the well-accepted notion that diet has a significant influence on the development and prevention of cardiovascular disease, the foods considered healthy and harmful have varied over the years. This review aims to summarize the current scientific evidence on the cardioprotective effect of those foods and nutrients that have been considered healthy as well as those that have been deemed unhealthy at any given time in history. For this purpose, we reviewed the most recent literature using as keywords foods and nutrients (ie, meat, omega-3) and cardiovascular disease-related terms (ie, cardiovascular diseases, stroke). Emphasis has been placed on meta-analyses and Cochrane reviews. In general, there is a paucity of intervention studies with a high level of evidence supporting the benefits of healthy foods (ie, fruits and vegetables), whereas the evidence supporting the case against those foods considered less healthy (ie, saturated fat) seems to be weakened by most recent evidence. In summary, most of the evidence supporting the benefits and harms of specific foods and nutrients is based on observational epidemiological studies. The outcome of randomized clinical trials reveals a more confusing picture with most studies providing very small effects in one direction or another; the strongest evidence comes from dietary patterns. The current status of the relationship between diet and cardiovascular disease risk calls for more tailored recommendations based on genomic technologies. (C) 2014 Sociedad Espanola de Cardiologia. Published by Elsevier Espana, S. L. U. All rights reserved.
Influence of cabbage processing methods and prebiotic manipulation of colonic microflora on glucosinolate breakdown in man; Glucosinolate consumption from brassica vegetables has been implicated in reduction of cancer risk. The isothiocyanate breakdown products of glucosinolates appear to be particularly important as chemoprotective agents. Before consumption, brassica vegetables are generally cooked, causing the plant enzyme, myrosinase, to be denatured, influencing the profile of glucosinolate breakdown products produced. Some human intestinal microflora species show myrosinase-like activity (e.g. bifidobacteria). We aimed to increase bifidobacteria by offering a prebiotic (inulin) in a randomised crossover study. Six volunteers consumed inulin (10 g/d) for 21 d followed by a 21 d control period (no inulin). Treatment periods were reversed for the remaining six volunteers. During the last 5 d of each period two cabbage-containing meals were consumed. Total urine output was collected for 24 h following each meal. Cabbage was microwaved for 2 min (lightly cooked) or 5.5 min (fully cooked). Faecal samples were collected at the start and after the inulin and control treatments. Bifidobacteria were enumerated by real-time PCR. Allyl isothiocyanate production was quantified by measuring urinary excretion of allyl mercapturic acid (AMA). Bifidobacteria increased following prebiotic supplementation (P < 0.001) but there was no impact of this increase on AMA excretion. AMA excretion was greater following consumption of lightly cooked cabbage irrespective of prebiotic treatment (P < 0.001). In conclusion, the most effective way to increase isothiocyanate production may be to limit the length of time that brassica vegetables are cooked prior to consumption.
A Natural Experiment Opportunity in Two Low-Income Urban Food Desert Communities: Research Design, Community Engagement Methods, and Baseline Results; A growing body of evidence has highlighted an association between a lack of access to nutritious, affordable food (e.g., through full-service grocery stores [FSGs]), poor diet, and increased risk for obesity. In response, there has been growing interest among policy makers in encouraging the siting of supermarkets in food deserts, that is, low-income geographic areas with low access to healthy food options. However, there is limited research to evaluate the impact of such efforts, and most studies to date have been cross-sectional. The Pittsburgh Hill/Homewood Research on Eating, Shopping, and Health (PHRESH) is a longitudinal quasi-experimental study of a dramatic change (i.e., a new FSG) in the food landscape of a low-income, predominantly Black neighborhood. The study is following a stratified random sample of households (n = 1,372), and all food venues (n = 60) in both intervention and control neighborhoods, and the most frequently reported food shopping venues outside both neighborhoods. This article describes the study design and community-based methodology, which focused simultaneously on the conduct of scientifically rigorous research and the development and maintenance of trust and buy-in from the involved neighborhoods. Early results have begun to define markers for success in creating a natural experiment, including strong community engagement. Baseline data show that the vast majority of residents already shop at a FSG and do not shop at the nearest one. Follow-up data collection will help determine whether and how a new FSG may change behaviors and may point to the need for additional interventions beyond new FSGs alone.
Intestinal mucosa remodeling by recombinant human epidermal growth factor<sub>1-48</sub> in neonates with severe necrotizing enterocolitis; Background and Aims: Neonatal necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a common and serious acquired gastrointestinal tract condition. This clinical study assessed the potential clinical efficacy and microscopic effects of recombinant human epidermal growth factor 1-48 (EGF(1-48)) in neonates with NEC.
A Network Meta-Analysis of the Relative Efficacy of Treatments for Actinic Keratosis of the Face or Scalp in Europe; Background: Several treatments are available for actinic keratosis (AK) on the face and scalp. Most treatment modalities were compared to placebo and therefore little is known on their relative efficacy.
The Causal Effect of Vitamin D Binding Protein (DBP) Levels on Calcemic and Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Mendelian Randomization Study; Background: Observational studies have shown that vitamin D binding protein (DBP) levels, a key determinant of 25-hydroxy- vitamin D (25OHD) levels, and 25OHD levels themselves both associate with risk of disease. If 25OHD levels have a causal influence on disease, and DBP lies in this causal pathway, then DBP levels should likewise be causally associated with disease. We undertook a Mendelian randomization study to determine whether DBP levels have causal effects on common calcemic and cardiometabolic disease.
Ovarian effects of a high lactose diet in the female rat; Young women with galactosemia experience ovarian failure at a very early age raising concern about the ovarian toxicity of galactose. While galactose may be present in the diet as a monosaccharide, it is predominantly derived from cleavage of the disaccharide lactose within the intestine. Our previous studies in animals have shown that high galactose diets inhibit ovarian follicular development and long-term exposure to high lactose diets retards growth of rats. The objective of the present study was to determine whether galactose exposure in the form of dietary lactose mimics the effects found previously with diets rich in galactose. Sixty female Long-Evans rats (25-day-old) were randomly assigned to two groups and fed a control diet (41.9% glucose in AIN93G [ American Institute of Nutrition], CON) before lactose treatment. Unilateral ovariectomy (uOVX) was performed on half of the rats in each group to determine baseline ovarian follicle numbers. The study diet was a high lactose diet (HLD) containing 41.9% lactose in AIN93G. Study diet exposure started 1 month after uOVX ( 3 months old) and continued for 7 months in the treatment group. The control group remained on the 41.9% glucose diet throughout. Vaginal cytology, ovarian morphometric analyses, and serum concentrations of estradiol and progesterone were examined. Long-term exposure to the HLD decreased the body weights of animals and progesterone concentrations in the serum but produced no harmful effects on ovarian morphology or function. Beginning at 5 months of age ( two months of lactose treatment) increasing numbers of females began to cycle irregularly but there was no difference between the glucose and lactose diet groups. These negative findings imply that administration of galactose in the form of lactose seems to be much less toxic than when galactose is fed to animals. From a human health perspective, these results are somewhat reassuring, since in general, women eat lactose-containing foods rather than foods that contain large amounts of free galactose.
Peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance fluopicolide (Question No EFSA-Q-2009-309) Issued on 4 June 2009; Fluopicolide is a new active substance for which in accordance with Article 6 (2) of Council Directive 91/414/EEC2 the United Kingdom received an application from Bayer for inclusion in Annex I to Directive 91/414/EEC. Complying with Article 6 of Directive 91/414/EEC, the completeness of the dossier was evaluated and confirmed by Commission Decision 2005/778/EC3.
Organochlorine in the serum of inhabitants living near an electrochemical factory; Objectives-To measure the impact of occupational and lifestyle factors on concentrations of organochlorine compounds in a general population sample living near an electrochemical factory with a high airborne concentration of hexachlorobenzene (HCB).
PULSATILE INFUSION OF GROWTH HORMONE-RELEASING FACTOR DEPRESSES GROWTH OF YOUNG BROILER-CHICKENS; This study was conducted to determine the effects of programmed intravenous infusion of growth hormone-releasing factor (GRF) on the growth and metabolism of young broiler chickens (4-7 weeks of age). Twelve 4-week-old chickens, fitted with jugular catheters, were randomly assigned to three treatment groups (four birds/group): pulsed infusion of saline [SAL-P] at 3 hr intervals, pulsed infusion of GRF(1-44) (5 mu g/kg at 3 hr intervals)[GRF-P], or continuous infusion of GRF (40 mu g/kg-day)[GRF-C]. The GRF-P treatment depressed (P < 0.05) average daily gain by 32%, average daily feed consumption by 24%, and final body weight by 17% when compared with the SAL-P group. Pulsatile infusion of GRF (GRF-P) reduced (P < 0.05) abdominal fat weight by 39% and body fat content by 28% when compared to the SAL-P group. Plasma G)P levels were elevated (P < 0.05) 2.1-fold in the GRF-P group at 15 min-post-infusion, while GH levels in the GRF-C group were maintained about 70% higher than those in the SAL-P group. Plasma levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were consistently lower in the GRF-P group at all ages. There were no significant differences in plasma levels of triiodothyronine (T-3), thyroxine (T-4), insulin, or glucose among treatment groups. This study shows that pulsatile infusion of GRF, designed td enhance plasma GH levels, does not improve growth rate, feed efficiency, or body composition of young broiler chickens.
Silymarin protects against doxorubicin induced cardiotoxicity by down-regulating topoisomerase IIβ expression in mice; We investigated the potential protective effects of silymarin (SLY) on doxorubicin (DOX) induced chronic cardiotoxicity in mice. We used 30 male BALB/c mice assigned randomly to four experimental groups: control group administered normal saline orally daily and intraperitoneally (i.p.) twice/week during weeks 1, 2, 5 and 6; SLY group (was administered 100 mg/kg SLY daily by oral gavage for 6 weeks; DOX group was administered 3 mg/kg DOX i.p. twice/week during weeks 1, 2, 5 and 6; DOX + SLY group administered DOX and SLY corresponding to the DOX and SLY groups. At the end of the experiment, heart tissues were collected for analysis. Cardiomyopathy was observed in the DOX group; this damage was reduced by SLY treatment. SLY administration in DOX treated mice decreased topoisomerase II beta (TopII beta) expression as indicated by qPCR and immunostaining. Immunohistochemistry and western blot analysis revealed decreased phosphorylated histone-2AX (gamma H(2)Ax) expression in the SLY + DOX group. SLY administration combined with DOX increased cardiac troponin T and I (cTnT and cTnI) expression based on immunohistochemical and western blot analyses. SLY administration with DOX was cardioprotective by reducing double-strand DNA breakage by blocking the DOX-TopII beta-DNA cleavage complex in response to down-regulation of TopII beta expression. SLY also preserved the contractility of the heart by decreasing DOX related loss of cTnT and cTnI expression.
The association of calcium and vitamin D with risk of colorectal adenomas; The Polyp Prevention Trial (PPT) was a multicenter randomized clinical trial designed to determine the effects of a high-fiber, high-fruit and vegetable, low-fat diet on the recurrence of adenomatous polyps in the large bowel. Detailed dietary intake and supplement use data were collected at baseline and at each of 4 annual study visits. Adenoma recurrence was ascertained by complete colonoscopy at baseline and after 1 and 4 y. Recurrence was found in 754 of the 1905 trial participants. We evaluated the association between calcium and vitamin D intake and adenomatous polyp recurrence after adjusting for intervention group, age, gender, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use, total energy intake, and the interaction of gender and intervention group. Vitamin D models were also adjusted for the location of the clinic site. Dietary variables were adjusted for total energy intake via the residual method. There were no overall significant associations between adenoma recurrence and dietary calcium intake [odds ratio (OR) for the 5th compared with the lowest quintile = 0.91; 95% Cl = 0.67-1.23; P-trend = 0.68], total calcium intake (OR = 0.86; 95% Cl = 0.62-1.18; P-trend = 0.20), or dietary vitamin D intake (OR = 0.93; 95% Cl = 0.69-1.25; P-trend = 0.43) averaged over follow-up. Total vitamin D intake was weakly inversely associated with adenoma recurrence (OR = 0.84; 95% Cl = 0.62-1.13; P-trend = 0.03). Supplemental calcium and vitamin D use during follow-up also were inversely associated with adenoma recurrence (OR for any compared with no use = 0.82; 95% Cl = 0.68-0.99; and OR = 0.82; 95% Cl = 0.68-0.99; for calcium and vitamin D, respectively). Slightly stronger associations were noted for the prevention of multiple recurrences. Our analyses did not suggest a significant effect modification between total calcium and total vitamin D intake (P = 0.14) on risk for adenoma recurrence. This trial cohort provides some evidence that calcium and vitamin D may be inversely associated with adenoma recurrence.
The influence of charge clustering on the anti-HIV-1 activity and <i>in vivo</i> distribution of negatively charged albumins; The substitution of human serum albumin with negatively charged molecules, such as succinic acid (Suc-HSA) or aconitic acid (Aco-HSA), resulted in proteins with potent anti-HIV activities, by binding to viral gp120 (V3 loop). The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the distribution of negative charges on the albumin backbone influences the anti-HIV activity. Therefore, we prepared albumins with clusters of negatively charged groups by coupling of heparin. The effects of this substitution on anti-HIV activity, in vivo distribution and the protein structure as compared to random succinylation were assessed. In vitro studies indicated that HSA-modified with heparin 6 or 13 kD displayed anti-HIV activity (IC50 = 660 and 37 nM, respectively) and exhibited affinity for gp120-V3 loop, although the activity was lower than that of Suc-HSA. Combined derivatization of HSA with heparin 13 kD and aconitic acid groups resulted in significantly increased inhibitory actions (IC50 = 2.8 nM). Structural analysis showed that modification of HSA with heparin did not lead to extensive unfolding of the protein, meaning that these modified proteins were still globular in structure. In contrast, succinylation of HSA resulted in a highly randomly coiled conformation. Dynamic light scattering experiments revealed that, at neutral pH, the heparin fragments attached to the protein were wrapped around the molecule rather than sticking out into the solution. In conclusion, coupling of sufficient clustered negative charges, by coupling of Hep-fragments, on HSA resulted in a clear anti-HIV activity of the protein. Yet, random distribution of anionic groups in the albumin seemed more optimal for in vitro anti-HIV activity. The higher plasma and lymphatic concentrations of Hep-HSA compared to Suc-HSA seemed more favorable for an anti-HIV activity in vivo. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Conclusion regarding the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance fipronil; Fipronil is one of the 52 substances of the second stage of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 451/2000(1), as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(2). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the draft assessment report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
DIETARY CARCINOGENS AND THE RISK FOR GLIOMA AND MENINGIOMA IN GERMANY; A population-based case-control study was performed in South-West Germany in 1987/88 with 115 histological confirmed glioma and 81 meningioma cases and 418 randomly selected controls. On the basis of information from a food-frequency questionnaire and questions on food preparation and food supply, the role of dietary carcinogens, in particular N-nitroso compounds or their precursors, on risk for glioma and meningioma were analyzed by multiple logistic regression. Eleven food groups were investigated. The intake of processed meat was significantly associated with an increased risk of glioma. The intake of any food group was not significantly related to meningioma risk. Among single meat products, a significantly higher risk of glioma was found for cooked ham, processed pork meat and fried bacon. For the consumption of 3 N-nitrosamines, assessed from the intake of processed meat and cheese, significant positive relations to glioma risk were found. These N-nitrosamines were also related to meningioma risk, although to a less pronounced extent. The risk for occurrence of glioma was significantly increased for those using vegetable fat frequently for deep frying, as compared with non-users. For the dietary intake of nitrate, nitrite, vitamin C, specific alcoholic beverages, total alcohol, and water from a non-central supply, no elevated risk was found in this study.
High-selenium yeast supplementation in free-living North American men: No effect on thyroid hormone metabolism or body composition; in a prior study, we observed decreased Serum 3,3',5-triiodothyronine (T-3), increased serum thyrotropin and increased body weight ill five men fed 297 mu g/d of selenium (Se) in foods naturally high in Se while confined in a metabolic research unit. In an attempt to replicate and confirm those observations, we conducted a randomized Study of high-Se yeast supplements (300 mu g/d) or placebo yeast administered to 42 healthy free-living men for 48 weeks. Serum thyroxine, T3 and thyrotropin did not change in supplemented or control subjects. Body weight increased in both groups during the 48-week treatment period and remained elevated for the 48-week follow-up period. Body fat increased by 1.2 kg in both groups. Energy intake and voluntary activity levels were not different between the groups and remained unchanged during the treatment period. Dietary intakes of Se, macronutrients and micronutrients were not different between groups and remained unchanged during the treatment period. These results Suggest that our previous observation of a hypothyroidal response to high-Se foods was confounded by some aspect of the particular foods used, or were merely chance observations. Because of the high dose and long administration period, the present Study suggests that the effects of Se supplements on thyroid hormone metabolism and energy metabolism in healthy North American men with adequate Se status do not represent a significant risk for unhealthy weight gain. Published by Elsevier GmbH.
Effects of placentophagy on maternal salivary hormones: Apilottrial, part 1; Background: Recent studies show that human placenta, processed and encapsulated for postpartum consumption, contains a host of trace minerals and hormones that could conceivably affect maternal physiology. Our objective was to investigate whether salivary hormone concentrations of women ingesting their own encapsulated placenta during the early postpartum differed from those of women consuming a placebo.
Effect of Probiotics Supplementation on Heart Rate: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Background and Aims: Probiotics consumption lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease, but whether it affects heart rate (HR) remains controversial. Therefore, our study aimed to assess the chronotropic effects of probiotics on heartbeat via a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Effect of dietary intervention with different pre- and probiotics on intestinal bacterial enzyme activities; Objective: To investigate the influence of different pre-and probiotics on faecal beta-glucuronidase and beta-glucosidase activity, as one of the claimed beneficial effects of pre- and probiotics is the hypothesis that these substrates are able to reduce the production of toxic and carcinogenic metabolites by suppressing specific enzyme activities in the colon.
Daily intake of <i>Lactobacillus casei</i> Shirota increases natural killer cell activity in smokers; Dietary probiotics supplementation exerts beneficial health effects. Since cigarette smoking reduces natural killer (NK) activity, we evaluated the effect of Lactobacillus casei Shirota (LcS) intake on NK cytotoxic activity in male smokers. The double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomised study was conducted on seventy-two healthy Italian blue-collar male smokers randomly divided for daily intake of LcS powder or placebo. Before and after 3 weeks of intake, peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated and NK activity and CD16(+) cells' number were assessed. Daily LcS intake for 3 weeks significantly increased NK activity (P<0.001). The increase in NK activity was paralleled by an increase in CD16(+) cells (P<0.001). Before intake, NK cytotoxic activity inversely correlated with the number of cigarettes smoked (R-0.064). LcS intake prevented the smoke-dependent expected NK activity reduction. The analysis of the distribution of changes in smoke-adjusted NK activity demonstrated that the positive variations were significantly associated with LcS intake, while the negative variations were associated with placebo intake (median value of distributions of differences, 20.98 lytic unit (LU)/10(7) cells for LcS v. -4.38 LU/10(7) cells for placebo, P=0.039). In conclusion, 3 weeks of daily LcS intake in Italian male smokers was associated with a higher increase in cytotoxic activity and CD16(+) cells' number in comparison to the placebo intake group.
Low intake of calcium, folate, nicotinic acid, vitamin E, retinol, β-carotene and high intake of pantothenic acid, biotin and riboflavin are significantly associated with increased genome instability -: results from a dietary intake and micronucleus index survey in South Australia; The aim of this study was to determine the association between dietary intake, determined using a food frequency questionnaire, and genome damage in lymphocytes measured using the micronucleus (MN) assay. The study, performed on 190 healthy individuals (mean age 47.8 years, 46% males), also examined whether a supplementation with beta-carotene, vitamins C and E along with zinc (ACEZn), in a randomized trial for 6 months, improves genome stability. Multivariate analysis of baseline data showed that (1) the highest tertile of intake of vitamin E, retinol, folic acid, nicotinic acid (preformed) and calcium is associated with significant reductions in MN frequency, i.e. -28, -31, -33, -46 and -49%, respectively (P < 0.005) relative to the lowest tertile of intake and (2) the highest tertile of intake of riboflavin, pantothenic acid and biotin was associated with significant increases in MN frequency, i.e. +36% (P = 0.054), +51% (P = 0.021), and +65% (P = 0.001), respectively, relative to the lowest tertile of intake. Mid-tertile beta-carotene intake was associated with an 18% reduction in MN frequency (P = 0.038); however, the highest tertile of intake (> 6400 mu g/day) resulted in an 18% increment in MN frequency. Supplementation with ACEZn significantly reduced the MN index by 13% (P = 0.038). The study also showed interactive additive effects such as the protective effect of increased calcium intake (-46%) and the exacerbating effect of riboflavin (+42%) on increased genome damage caused by low folate intake. The results from this study illustrate the strong impact of a wide variety of micronutrients and their interactions on genome health, depending on the level of intake.
Relationships between western non communicable diseases and geographic pattern modifiers based on latitude and lactase distributions; Toward the end of the 20th century, rates of multiple "western" industrialization related diseases were reported to diminish with decreasing latitudes. In 1986 it was also reported that inflammatory bowel diseases (Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis) were inversely correlated with national frequencies of population adult lactase non persistence. Several other "western" diseases were also found to be similarly related. The explanation for these non-random distributions was unclear. In the case of latitude, the associated effect of sunshine with vitamin D synthesis and the pleiotropic functions of this vitamin in immunological and antineoplastic functions is a dominant hypothesis. However, failure to consistently link vitamin D with clinical disease courses have left a controversy. In the case of lactase, a close correlation exists between latitude and lactose digestion distributions. This is evident mainly in Europe and to a lesser extent elsewhere. As, such "western" diseases correlate similarly with both ecological markers. It is hypothesized that rather than single factors are responsible for disease distributions it is rather an amalgamation of multiple interactive ecological and environmental variables contribute to the geo-epidemiological distributions of such non communicable diseases. These various factors plausably relate diseases with either or both ecological markers include existence of different temperatures at different latitudes, the effect of latitude per se and diets which modulate the intestinal environment. Additionally the ongoing epidemic of Helicobacter pylori infection may contribute via immunologic manipulations. The recognized relationships between industrialization and western lifestyle diseases can also be traced via some economic metrics to geographic distributions. Still, analyses of latitude and lactase modifiers suggest mutually independent impacts on some diseases. This hypothesis driven discussion examines possible reasons which may account for observations as to why the two ecological markers might define certain non communicable global disease patterns.
The effect of sodium selenite on lead induced cognitive dysfunction; The effect of lead (Pb) on spatial memory and hippocampal long-term potentiation (LTP) as a key risk factor has been widely recognized and the oxidative damage has been proposed as a possible mechanism of lead neurotoxicity. Selenium (Se) is a nutritionally essential trace element with known antioxidant potential. In this study we investigated the effect and the underlying mechanisms of Se supplementary on Pb induced cognition and synaptic plasticity impairment. Lactating Sprague-Dawley rats (SD rats) were randomly divided to four groups: 0 ppm lead acetate (Pb); 0 ppm Pb and 0.2 ppm sodium selenite (Se); 100 ppm Pb; 100 ppm Pb and 0.2 ppm Se. Lactating rats were treated with or without Pb and/or Se throughout lactation until weaning. The levels of hippocampal LTP, the spatial memory, the apoptosis of hippocampal neurons, the levels of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release, and the serum level of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malondialdehyde (MDA) were assayed. It had been observed that in Pb group the spatial memory, the induce level of LTP, the serum SOD level decreased, the LDH release level, the neurons apoptosis level, the serum MDA level increased, while in the Se supplements groups, the spatial memory, the induce level of LTP increased significantly. Compared with the Pb group, Se supplements shown down regulated the level of LDH, the neurons apoptosis and the serum MDA, and up regulated the level of serum SOD. We could draw the conclusion that Se supplements could alleviate toxic effect of lead on hippocampal LTP and spatial memory. The treated with selenium around 0.2 ppm may protect against spatial memory dysfunction induced by lead exposure. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic effects of dietary lactose in adult female rats; As an outgrowth of our interest in the potential toxicity of dietary galactose, we investigated the metabolic effects of high lactose diets in Long-Evans female rats. Seventy-five Long-Evans female rats (25-day-old) were randomized to receive one of 3 diets for 7 months: glucose diet (CON); low lactose diet (10.5%, LLD); or a high lactose diet (41.9%, HLD). Necropsy was performed seven months after randomization. HLD animals had significantly lower body weights than controls (P < 0.01). These animals continued to grow, however at a retarded rate compared to the CON group. The HLD group also had significantly lower triglyceride and non-esterified fatty acid levels than the CON group (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05). Serum glucose concentrations were lower in the HLD group compared to CON animals (P < 0.05), while serum insulin levels were lower than both the LLD and CON animals (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05). Leptin exhibited a similar trend. Thyroid studies revealed no difference in TSH between groups. Free T4 was significantly higher in HLD rats compared to LLD and CON rats while free T3 was lower in the HLD group (P < 0.05). This indicates a possible impairment in T4 to T3 conversion. Our data suggests that a long-term high lactose diet is associated with a decrease in insulin and leptin levels, and an increase in the insulin to glucose ratio. However, these changes are seen in the presence of a decreased body mass. A significant effect on thyroid hormone metabolism is also seen, and may be an adaptive mechanism in lactose-fed rats.
Different effects of 24 dietary intakes on gastroesophageal reflux disease: A mendelian randomization; Background In observational studies, dietary intakes are associated with gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). Aim: To conduct a two-sample mendelian randomization (MR) analysis to determine whether those associations are causal. Methods To explore the relationship between dietary intake and the risk of GERD, we extracted appropriate single nucleotide polymorphisms from genome-wide association study data on 24 dietary intakes. Three methods were adopted for data analysis: Inverse variance weighting, weighted median methods, and MR-Egger's method. The odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were used to evaluate the causal association between dietary intake and GERD. Results Our univariate Mendelian randomization (UVMR) results showed significant evidence that pork intake (OR, 2.83; 95%CI: 1.76-4.55; P = 1.84 x 10(-5)), beer intake (OR, 2.70, 95%CI: 2.00-3.64; P = 6.54 x 10(-11)), non-oily fish intake (OR, 2.41; 95%CI: 1.49-3.91; P = 3.59 x 10(-4)) have a protective effect on GERD. In addition, dried fruit intake (OR, 0.37; 95%CI: 0.27-0.50; 6.27 x 10(-11)), red wine intake (OR, 0.34; 95%CI: 0.25-0.47; P = 1.90 x 10(-11)), cheese intake (OR, 0.46; 95%CI: 0.39-0.55; P =3.73 x 10(-19)), bread intake (OR, 0.72; 95%CI: 0.56-0.92; P = 0.0009) and cereal intake (OR, 0.45; 95%CI: 0.36-0.57; P = 2.07 x 10(-11)) were negatively associated with the risk of GERD. There was a suggestive association for genetically predicted coffee intake (OR per one SD increase, 1.22, 95%CI: 1.03-1.44; P = 0.019). Multivariate Mendelian randomization further confirmed that dried fruit intake, red wine intake, cheese intake, and cereal intake directly affected GERD. In contrast, the impact of pork intake, beer intake, non-oily fish intake, and bread intake on GERD was partly driven by the common risk factors for GERD. However, after adjusting for all four elements, there was no longer a suggestive association between coffee intake and GERD. Conclusion This study provides MR evidence to support the causal relationship between a broad range of dietary intake and GERD, providing new insights for the treatment and prevention of GERD.
Development of a Method to Observe Preschoolers' Packed Lunches in Early Care and Education Centers; Background As early childhood education (ECE) centers become a more common setting for nutrition interventions, a variety of data collection methods are required, based on the center foodservice. ECE centers that require parents to send in meals and/or snacks from home present a unique challenge for accurate nutrition estimation and data collection. We present an observational methodology for recording the contents and temperature of preschool-aged children's lunchboxes and data to support a 2-day vs a 3-day collection period.
Recursive feature elimination with random forest for PTR-MS analysis of agroindustrial products; In this paper we apply the recently introduced Random Forest-Recursive Feature Elimination (RF-RFE) algorithm to the identification of relevant features in the spectra produced by Proton Transfer Reaction-Mass Spectrometry (PTR-MS) analysis of agroindustrial products. The method is compared with the more traditional Support Vector Machine-Recursive Feature Elimination (SVM-RFE), extended to allow multiclass problems, and with a baseline method based on the Kruskal-Wallis statistic (KWS). In particular, we apply all selection methods to the discrimination of nine varieties of strawberries and six varieties of typical cheeses from Trentino Province, North Italy. Using replicated experiments we estimate unbiased generalization errors. Our results show that RF-RFE outperforms SVM-RFE and KWS on the task of finding small subsets of features with high discrimination levels on PTR-MS data sets. We also show how selection probabilities and features co-occurrence can be used to highlight the most relevant features for discrimination. (c) 2006 Elsevier B.V All rights reserved.
Anidulafungin, a New Echinocandin Effectiveness and Tolerability; Anidulafungin is a new echinocandin with potent in vitro activity against Aspergillus and Candida species, including those resistant to fluconazole and amphotericin B. Results of several clinical trials indicate that anidulafungin is effective in treating oesophageal candidiasis, including azole-refractory disease. The results of a single randomized clinical trial comparing fluconazole and anidulafungin demonstrated that anidulafungin was noninferior to fluconazole in the treatment of candidaemia and invasive candidiasis. Studies evaluating the concomitant use of anidulafungin and either amphotericin B, voriconazole or ciclosporin did not demonstrate significant drug-drug interactions or adverse events. Anidulafungin appears to have ail excellent safety profile: alterations of liver enzymes have been reported and slow infusion is recommended to prevent histamine-like reactions. Oil the basis or early clinical experience, it appears that anidulafungin will be a valuable option in the management of serious and difficult-to-treat fungal infections.
The comet assay as a tool for human biomonitoring studies: The ComNet Project; The comet assay is widely used in human biomonitoring to measure DNA damage as a marker of exposure to genotoxic agents or to investigate genoprotective effects. Studies often involve small numbers of subjects, and design may be sub-optimal in other respects. In addition, comet assay protocols in use in different laboratories vary significantly. In spite of these difficulties, it is appropriate to carry out a pooled analysis of all available comet assay biomonitoring data, in order to establish baseline parameters of DNA damage, and to investigate associations between comet assay measurements and factors such as sex, age, smoking status, nutrition, lifestyle, etc. With this as its major objective, the ComNet project has recruited almost 100 research groups willing to share datasets. Here we provide a background to this project, discussing the history of the comet assay and practical issues that can critically affect its performance. We survey its diverse applications in biomonitoring studies, including environmental and occupational exposure to genotoxic agents, genoprotection by dietary and other factors, DNA damage associated with various diseases, and intrinsic factors that affect DNA damage levels in humans. We examine in depth the quality of data from a random selection of studies, from an epidemiological and statistical point of view. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Conclusion on the peer review of the pesticide risk assessment of the active substance triazoxide European Food Safety Authority; Triazoxide is one of the 84 substances of the third stage Part B of the review programme covered by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1490/2002(3), as amended by Commission Regulation (EC) No 1095/2007(4). This Regulation requires the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) to organise upon request of the EU-Commission a peer review of the initial evaluation, i.e. the Draft Assessment Report (DAR), provided by the designated rapporteur Member State and to provide within one year a conclusion on the risk assessment to the EU-Commission.
ω-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Biomarkers and Coronary Heart Disease Pooling Project of 19 Cohort Studies; IMPORTANCE The role of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for primary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD) remains controversial. Most prior longitudinal studies evaluated self-reported consumption rather than biomarkers.
An error detection method for real-time EPID-based treatment delivery quality assurance; Purpose: To quantify the error detection power of a new treatment delivery error detection method. The method validates monitor unit (MU) resolved beam apertures using real-time EPID images.
A delivery quality assurance tool based on the actual leaf open times in tomotherapy; Purpose To validate a delivery quality assurance (DQA) protocol for tomotherapy based on the measurement of the leaf open times (LOTs). In addition, to show the correlation between the mean relative LOT discrepancy and the dose deviation in the planning target volume (PTV). Materials and methods We used a LOT measurement algorithm presented in a previous work on our two tomotherapy treatment units (TOMO1 and TOMO2). We generated TomoPhant plans with intentional random LOT discrepancies following Gaussian distributions of -6%, -4%, -2%, 2%, 4%, and 6%. We irradiated them on the Cheese Phantom with two ion chambers and collected the raw data on both our treatment units. Using the raw data, we measured the actual LOTs and verified that the induced discrepancies were highlightable. Then, we calculated the actual dose using Accuray's standalone dose calculator and verified that the calculated dose agreed with the ion chamber measurement. We randomly chose 60 clinical treatment plans, delivered them in air, and collected the raw detector data. We measured the actual LOTs from the raw data and calculated the corresponding dose distributions using Accuray's standalone dose calculator. We assessed the Pearson coefficient correlation of the deviation between expected and actual dose in the PTV (a) with the mean relative LOT discrepancy and (b) with the gamma-index pass rate for different tolerances. Results The mean relative discrepancy between actual (measured by the algorithm) and expected LOTs on the modified TomoPhant plans was 1.10 +/- 0.05% on TOMO1 and 0.02 +/- 0.03% on TOMO2, respectively. The agreement between measured and calculated dose was 0.2 +/- 0.3% on TOMO1 and 0.1 +/- 0.3% on TOMO2, respectively. On clinical plans, the means of the relative LOT discrepancies ranged from -3.0 % to 1.4%. The dose deviation in the PTVs ranged from -1.6% to 2.4%. The Pearson coefficient correlation between the mean relative LOT discrepancy and the dose deviation in the PTV was 0.76 (P approximate to 10(-15)) on TOMO1 and 0.65 (P approximate to 10(-10)) on TOMO2, respectively. There was no correlation between the gamma-index pass rate and the dose deviation in the PTV. Conclusion The method made it possible to measure and to correctly highlight the LOT discrepancies on the TomoPhant plans. The dose subsequently calculated was accurate. On clinical plans, the mean LOT discrepancy correlated with the dose deviation in the PTV. This makes the mean LOT discrepancy a handy indicator of the plan quality.
Quantitative determination of selenium in the most common food items sold in Egypt; Particular interest in selenium (Se) was generated as a result of clinical studies showing that balanced Se dietary system is very important for many physiological processes. There is no recent information available on the Se content in Egyptian foods. The present study was conducted to measure Se content in different food groups. A cross-sectional study was designed; a total of 87 food items were randomly purchased from the main markets and hypermarkets in Alexandria governorate, then digested by wet ashing procedure and finally analyzed using Inductively Coupled Plasma-Mass Spectrometry (ICP-MS). The highest mean Se value was obtained in protein-rich food followed by nuts and sweetened products (6.8, 6.2, and 5.89 mu g/g respectively) shrimps had the highest value among all studied samples (6.8 mu g/g), while the lowest one was in soft cheese (0.0036 mu g/g). Selenium content in food groups is strongly correlated with food matrix and composition of food items, soil composition, and fortification process.
Hydrocortisone Granules Are Bioequivalent When Sprinkled Onto Food or Given Directly on the Tongue; Background: Immediate-release hydrocortisone granules in capsules for opening in pediatric-appropriate doses have recently been licensed for children with adrenal insufficiency. This study evaluated the bioavailability of hydrocortisone granules administered as sprinkles onto soft food and yogurt compared with direct administration to the back of the tongue.
Clinical implementation of an exit detector-based dose reconstruction tool for helical tomotherapy delivery quality assurance; Purpose: The aim of this study was to validate the accuracy of an exit detector-based dose reconstruction tool for helical tomotherapy (HT) delivery quality assurance (DQA).
The protective effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk on high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury; The effects of probiotic-fermented soymilk (fermented by mixture of Bifidobacterium bifidum, Lactobacillus casei, and L plantarum) on high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hyperlipidemia and liver injury were examined. CS7BL/ 6N mice were randomly assigned into four groups that were treated with different diets: normal chow (NC), HFD, HFD with probiotic-fermented soymilk and HFD with non-fermented soymilk. After treatment for 6 weeks, probiotic-fermented soymilk treatment significantly reduced HFD-induced body weight gain, hyperlipidemia, liver fat accumulation and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production. In addition, probiotic-fermented soymilk consumption significantly reduced the levels of serum alanine aminotransfera se (ALT), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and liver tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) compared with the HFD treatment. Further, probiotic-fermented soymilk significantly increased the serum leptin level. In conclusion, probiotic-fermented soymilk reduced hyperlipidemia and liver injury induced by HFD. The role of probiotic-fermented soymilk may decrease the production of liver LPS, TNF-alpha, and oxidative stress and induce adipose leptin and triacylglycerol hydrolase (TGH) production. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Identification of dietary patterns in urban population of Argentina: study on diet-obesity relation in population-based prevalence study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: In Argentina, obesity prevalence rose from 14.6% in 2005 to 20.8% in 2013. Although the number of studies on noncommunicable diseases and dietary patterns as a unique dietary exposure measure has increased, information on this topic remains scarce in developing countries. This is the first population-based study investigating the association between diet and obesity using a dietary pattern approach in Argentina. We aimed (a) to identify current dietary patterns of the population of Cordoba city, (b) to investigate its association with obesity prevalence, and (c) to identify and describe dietary patterns from the subgroup of people with obesity.
Effect of Probiotic <i>Lactobacillus salivarius</i> UBL S22 and Prebiotic Fructo-oligosaccharide on Serum Lipids, Inflammatory Markers, Insulin Sensitivity, and Gut Bacteria in Healthy Young Volunteers: A Randomized Controlled Single-Blind Pilot Study; This study investigated the effect of 6-week supplementation of a probiotic strain Lactobacillus salivarius UBL S22 with or without prebiotic fructo-oligosaccharide (FOS) on serum lipid profiles, immune responses, insulin sensitivity, and gut lactobacilli in 45 healthy young individuals. The patients were divided into 3 groups (15/group), that is, placebo, probiotic, and synbiotic. After 6 weeks, a significant reduction (P < .05) in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and triglycerides and increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was observed in the probiotic as well as in the synbiotic group when compared to placebo; however, the results of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were more pronounced in the synbiotic group. Similarly, when compared to the placebo group, the serum concentrations of inflammatory markers such as high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1 beta, and tumor necrosis factor a were significantly (P < .05) reduced in both the experimental groups, but again the reduction in the synbiotic group was more pronounced. Also, an increase (P < .05) in the fecal counts of total lactobacilli and a decrease (P < .05) in coliforms and Escherichia coil was observed in both the experimental groups after 6 weeks of ingestion. Overall, the combination of L salivarius with FOS was observed to be more beneficial than L salivarius alone, thereby advocating that such synbiotic combinations could be therapeutically exploited for improved health and quality of life.
Efficient feature selection for PTR-MS fingerprinting of agroindustrial products; We recently introduced the Random Forest - Recursive Feature Elimination (RF-RFE) algorithm for feature selection. In this paper we apply it to the identification of relevant features in the spectra (fingerprints) produced by Proton Transfer Reaction - Mass Spectrornety (PTR-MS) analysis of four agro-industrial products (two datasets with cultivars of Berries and other two with typical cheeses, all from North Italy). The method is compared with the more traditional Support Vector Machine - Recursive Feature Elimination (SVM-RFE), extended to allow multiclass problems. Using replicated experiments we estimate unbiased generalization errors for both methods. We analyze the stability of the two methods and find that RF-RFE is more stable than SVM-RFE in selecting small subsets of features. Our results also show that RF-RFE outperforms SVM-RFE on the task of finding small subsets of features with high discrimination levels on PTR-MS datasets.
STAGES OF CHANGE FOR REDUCING DIETARY-FAT TO 30-PERCENT OF ENERGY OR LESS; Objective To develop an algorithm that defines a person's stage of change for fat intake less than or equal to 30% of energy. The Stages of Change Model describes when and how people change problem behaviors; change is defined as a dynamic variable with five discrete stages.
Associations of the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with risk of type 2 diabetes in 127 594 people from 20 countries (PURE): a prospective cohort study; Background The association between the glycaemic index and the glycaemic load with type 2 diabetes incidence is controversial. We aimed to evaluate this association in an international cohort with diverse glycaemic index and glycaemic load diets. Methods The PURE study is a prospective cohort study of 127 594 adults aged 35-70 years from 20 high -income, middle -income, and low-income countries. Diet was assessed at baseline using country -specific validated food frequency questionnaires. The glycaemic index and the glycaemic load were estimated on the basis of the intake of seven categories of carbohydrate -containing foods. Participants were categorised into quintiles of glycaemic index and glycaemic load. The primary outcome was incident type 2 diabetes. Multivariable Cox Frailty models with random intercepts for study centre were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs). Findings During a median follow-up of 11<middle dot>8 years (IQR 9<middle dot>0-13<middle dot>0), 7326 (5<middle dot>7%) incident cases of type 2 diabetes occurred. In multivariable adjusted analyses, a diet with a higher glycaemic index was significantly associated with a higher risk of diabetes (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>15 [95% CI 1<middle dot>03-1<middle dot>29]). Participants in the highest quintile of the glycaemic load had a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes compared with those in the lowest quintile (HR 1<middle dot>21, 95% CI 1<middle dot>06-1<middle dot>37). The glycaemic index was more strongly associated with diabetes among individuals with a higher BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; HR 1<middle dot>23 [95% CI 1<middle dot>08-1<middle dot>41]) than those with a lower BMI (quintile 5 vs quintile 1; 1<middle dot>10 [0<middle dot>87-1<middle dot>39]; p interaction=0<middle dot>030). Interpretation Diets with a high glycaemic index and a high glycaemic load were associated with a higher risk of incident type 2 diabetes in a multinational cohort spanning five continents. Our findings suggest that consuming low glycaemic index and low glycaemic load diets might prevent the development of type 2 diabetes.
Association of Fully Branded and Standardized e-Cigarette Packaging With Interest in Trying Products Among Youths and Adults in Great Britain; Importance e-Cigarette vaping among youths and adults has increased in Great Britain. The design of e-cigarette packaging may appeal to youths. Regulations that reduce the appeal of e-cigarettes to youths may deter adult smokers from trying e-cigarettes to help them quit smoking. ObjectiveTo examine the association of fully branded and standardized e-cigarette packaging with interest in trying products among youths and adults in Great Britain. Design, Setting, and Participants In this survey study comprising 2 surveys, the online Action on Smoking and Health Smokefree Great Britain survey collected data between March 25 and April 16, 2021, from a representative sample of 2469 youths (aged 11-18 years) and between February 18 and March 18, 2021, from a representative sample of 12046 adults (aged >= 18 years). Interventions A between-individuals experimental design was used to examine participants' perceptions of e-cigarette packs that were digitally altered to remove brand imagery and color. Participants were randomly assigned to view a set of 3 e-cigarette packs from 1 of 3 different packaging conditions: (1) fully branded packs (control), (2) white standardized packs with brand name, or (3) green standardized packs with brand name. Main Outcomes and Measures Youth participants were asked which product people their age would be most interested in trying, while adult participants were asked which product they would be most interested in trying. All participants could respond "no interest" or "don't know." Logistic regression models tested whether reporting no interest in trying the e-cigarettes differed between the pack conditions. Results This study included 2469 youths (1286 female youths [52.1%]; mean [SD] age, 15.0 [2.3] years) and 12046 adults (6412 female [53.2%]; mean [SD] age, 49.9 [17.4] years). Youths had higher odds of reporting no interest among people their age in trying the e-cigarettes packaged in green (292 of 815 [35.8%]; adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 1.37; 95% CI, 1.10-1.71; P=.005) but not white (264 of 826 [32.0%]; AOR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.93-1.44; P=.20) standardized packaging compared with the fully branded packaging (238 of 828 [28.7%]). Adults had lower odds of reporting no interest in trying e-cigarettes in green standardized packaging (3505 of 4040 [86.8%]; AOR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.73-0.99; P=.046) but not white packaging (3532 of 4006 [88.2%]; AOR, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.89-1.23; P=.59) compared with branded packaging (3526 of 4000 [88.1%]). Youths who had never vaped (275 of 699 [39.3%]; AOR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.07-1.69; P=.01) and youths who had never smoked (271 of 676 [40.1%]; AOR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.10-1.75; P=.006) were more likely to report no interest in trying e-cigarettes in green packaging compared with branded packaging (224 of 688 [32.6%] never vaping; 216 of 662 [32.6%] never smoking). There were no significant differences by vaping or smoking status among adults. Conclusions and Relevance The findings of this survey study suggest that standardized packaging measures may reduce the appeal of e-cigarettes among youths without reducing their appeal among adults.
Does Sex Affect Anticoagulant Use for Stroke Prevention in Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation? The Prospective Global Anticoagulant Registry in the FIELD-Atrial Fibrillation; Background-Among patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), women are at higher risk of stroke than men. Using prospective cohort data from a large global population of patients with nonvalvular AF, we sought to identify any differences in the use of anticoagulants for stroke prevention in women and men.
